--- Page 1 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. (the Issuer 
or Terna) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €12,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer, and together, the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case 
of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by 
the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility and gives no undertaking for the economic and financial soundness 
of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of 
the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been listed to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU), as amended (the MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its approval in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). This Base Prospectus 
will expire on 7 June 2025.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined under “Important Information” below) only applies to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in 
this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s) is established in the EEA and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to “Risks 
related to the Market Generally – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case 
of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement 
document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
2 
 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act  and any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to either EURIBOR, CMS or such other Reference Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EMMI (European Money Market Institute), as administrator of EURIBOR is included in register 
of administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as 
administrator of CMS) is not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) is not currently required to obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit from an 
equivalence decision). 
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI or HICP (each as defined below). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI and HICP are not included on ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, CPI and HICP do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
3 
 
 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
UniCredit 
DEALERS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 June 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
4 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA). 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
None of the Dealers or the Trustee has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of 
the Dealers or by any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or by any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or of any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
In relation to Step Up Notes (as defined below) and Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, neither the 
Joint Arrangers nor any Dealer nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any 
responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Step Up 
Notes or “Green Notes” or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable” or similar labels. None of the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of 
their respective affiliates has undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the 
Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Green Projects, any verification of whether Notes issued as “Green 
Bonds” meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria, nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds for 
any Notes issued as “Step Up Notes” or “Green Bonds”, nor the impact or monitoring of such use 
of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects. None of the 
Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates will verify or 
monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued as “Green Bonds” issued under the 
Programme. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data as well as calculations taken 
from industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial

--- Page 5 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
5 
 
 
 
publications. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein 
derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any Dealer or the Trustee or any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
any of the Dealers or the Trustee.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part

--- Page 6 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
6 
 
 
 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
I I  Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive No. 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer, or an 
invitation, to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes 
or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is

--- Page 7 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
7 
 
 
 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
United Kingdom, the EEA (including, for these purposes, France and the Republic of Italy (Italy)) 
and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”).  
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the Notes issued as “Green Bonds” or Step Up Notes under the Programme, 
an opinion, report or certification of a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), 
including the Second Party Opinion (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds”), may or may not 
be made available, as the case may be. Any information in such second party opinions or any past 
or future second party opinions provided pursuant to Condition 15 (Available Information) is not 
part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Joint 
Arrangers, the Dealers or any other member of their group (including parent companies), the 
Trustee, second party opinion providers, the independent auditors or the External Verifier as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any second party opinion in connection 
with the offering of any Notes as “Green Bonds” or any Step Up Notes under the Programme. 
Any such second party opinion and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer 
have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the unaudited consolidated interim 
financial information for the three months ended on 31 March 2024 (together, the Financial 
Statements). 
The Issuers’ financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus 
will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus 
have the meanings defined below: 
All references in this document to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended, all references to Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling and 
all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars.

--- Page 8 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
8 
 
 
 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
i. 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
ii. 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
iii. 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
iv. 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
v. 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
9 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 19 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 44 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 47 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 49 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................ 70 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 90 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 144 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................... 145 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 225 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 238 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 243 
Annex 1 – Further Information Related to Notes linked to an Index .................................................. 246

--- Page 10 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
10 
 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as 
Stabilisation Manager in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
11 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer and the Trustee that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation).  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this general description.  
 
Issuer: 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”), including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at

--- Page 12 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
12 
 
 
 
least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription 
and Sale”) 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) may 
provide that certain Notes may be redenominated in 
euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 4 
(Redenomination). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined:

--- Page 13 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).   
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both.  
Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be 
subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is 
applicable.  The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes 
will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following a Step Up 
Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  For the avoidance of doubt, an 
increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more 
than once in respect of the relevant Step Up Note. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a 
Collective Step Up Event is applicable (comprising 
more than one Step Up Event), upon the occurrence 
of the first Step Up Event comprising the Collective 
Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes), shall be increased by the 
Collective Step Up Margin from the next following

--- Page 14 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
14 
 
 
 
Interest Period, provided that, once the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), 
has been increased by the relevant Step Up Margin 
upon the occurrence of a Collective Step Up Event, 
no further Step Up Event may occur. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more 
than one Step Up Event is applicable but specifies 
that a Collective Step Up Event is not applicable, 
upon the occurrence of any Step Up Event so 
specified, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), shall be increased by the 
relevant Step Up Margin for each Step Up Event 
that may occur from the next following Interest 
Period. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments in respect of interest and/or principal in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated 
by reference to one or more inflation indices as set 
out in Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note 
provisions) and Conditions 7.12 (Inflation Linked 
Redemption Notes) and 7.13 (Calculation of 
Inflation Linked Redemption). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Fixed 
Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon 
Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments (Instalment 
Notes). 
Redemption and interest in respect of Exempt 
Notes: 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in 
respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of 
interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: Payments in respect of 
interest and/or principal in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one 
or more inflation indices as set out in Condition 5.5 
(Inflation Linked Note provisions) and Conditions 
7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption Notes) and 7.13 
(Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption).

--- Page 15 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in 
respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree.   
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in 
respect of which the issue price is paid in separate 
instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments (Instalment 
Notes): The Issuer may issue Notes which may be 
redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with the Trustee and any 
Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may 
be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, (see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, (see 
“Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year” above), and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted.

--- Page 16 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
16 
 
 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 
3 
(Negative 
Pledge)) 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law) 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to 
creditors’ rights. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if 
any 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5.4(c) 
(Adjustment 
Spread)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.4(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in specified instalments in the case of Exempt 
Notes, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Clean-Up Call Option and Maturity Par Call 
Option: 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate 
whether the Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option or an

--- Page 17 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
17 
 
 
 
Issuer Maturity Par Call. See Condition (7.4) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Maturity 
Par 
Call)) 
and 
Condition 
(7.5) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up 
Call)). 
Rating: 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) S&P has issued a long-term rating of 
“BBB+” with a stable outlook and a short-
term rating of “A-2” in respect of Terna; 
and 
(ii) Moody’s has issued a senior unsecured 
long-term rating of “Baa2” and a short-term 
rating of “Prime-2” in respect of Terna, 
each rating with a stable outlook. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve 
this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. Condition 16

--- Page 18 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
18 
 
 
 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Waiver) and Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are 
subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, the EEA (including, for these purposes, 
France and Italy) and Japan, and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or 
TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 19 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
19 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which, either 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a list of the factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
– 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
– 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
– 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer; and 
– 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the 
Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
The Issuer may be exposed to financial risks 
The Terna Group is exposed to financial risks: market risk (interest rate risk, exchange rate risk and 
inflation risk), liquidity risk and credit risk. If such risks materialise, the Issuer’s cash flows may be 
affected. In accordance with the policies approved by its Board of Directors, the Issuer has established 
responsibilities and operational procedures in order to manage such financial risks and agree the 
measures to be adopted. Terna’s risk management policies aim to identify and analyse the risks to which 
the Terna Group is exposed, setting appropriate limits and controls and monitoring risks and compliance 
with such limits. These policies and their relevant systems are reviewed on a regular basis in order to 
reflect any changes in market conditions and in the activities of the Terna Group. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Terna Group might encounter difficulty in discharging its obligations 
in respect of its financial liabilities and operating cycle. Liquidity risk management seeks to ensure 
adequate coverage of borrowing requirements by obtaining adequate credit lines and appropriate 
management of any surplus liquidity.

--- Page 20 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
20 
 
 
 
Ratings associated risk 
Terna is currently rated by S&P and Moody’s. Generally, a credit rating assesses the creditworthiness 
of an entity and informs investors about the probability of the entity being able to redeem invested 
capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, it may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time and does not comment on the market price, marketability, investor preference 
or suitability of any security. 
Credit ratings play a critical role in determining the costs for entities accessing the capital markets in 
order to borrow funds and the rate of interest they can achieve. A decrease in credit ratings by S&P or 
Moody’s may increase borrowing costs or even jeopardise further issuance. 
The price of the existing bonds may deteriorate following a downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings. In 
addition, the Issuer’s credit ratings are potentially exposed to risk in reductions of the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by S&P and Moody’s, a potential 
downgrade of Italy’s credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit ratings of Italian 
issuers such as the Issuer and increase the likelihood that the credit ratings of Notes issued under the 
Programme could be downgraded, with a consequent adverse effect on their market value. 
Interest Rate Risk  
Interest rate risk is represented by the uncertainty associated with interest rate fluctuations. This is the 
risk that a change in market interest rates may produce effects on the fair value or on the future cash 
flows of financial instruments. Terna’s main source of interest rate risk is associated with its borrowings 
and related hedges in the form of derivative instruments that generate financial expenses. 
Terna’s borrowing strategy focuses on long-term loans whose maturities reflect the useful life of 
company assets and the regulation on revenues. The Issuer pursues an interest rate risk hedging policy 
that aims at guaranteeing that the percentage of debt represented by fixed rate liabilities is at least 40 
per cent., as provided for in the relevant policies. 
Interest rate risk is mitigated through derivatives, which hedge the risk connected with movements in 
interest rates relating to long-term borrowing, however there can be no assurance that such transactions 
will be successful in eliminating the risks deriving from changes in interest rates, or that Terna will be 
able to further implement transactions to hedge interest rate risk related to new debt and this may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Credit Risk  
Credit risk is the risk that one of the counterparties of a financial or commercial transaction could cause 
a financial loss by failing to discharge an obligation. It is mainly generated by trade receivables and by 
the financial investments of the Issuer. 
The credit risk originated by open positions on transactions in derivatives is considered to be marginal 
since the counterparties, in compliance with the financial risk management policies adopted, are leading 
international banks with high ratings. 
Terna provides its services essentially to counterparties considered solvent by the market, and therefore 
with a high credit standing, and does not have high concentrations of credit risk. 
With specific reference to credit risk associated with trade receivables, the management of such risk is 
driven by the applicable regulations, including provisions of the Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and the Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti e Ambiente, hereinafter 
referred to as the ARERA) Resolutions 111/06 and 5/24.

--- Page 21 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
21 
 
 
 
Exchange Rate risk  
Although the focus of the Terna Group is investing in the domestic grid, Terna aims to take advantage 
of opportunities for international expansion by leveraging its core competencies developed in Italy as a 
TSO, where such competencies are of significant importance in its home country. Due to these 
activities, Terna has a marginal exposure to exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows related to 
investments, revenues, costs, financial income or expenses denominated in foreign currencies, such as 
cash flows related to the purchase or sale of equity participations. Such exposure is mitigated through 
highly liquid and easy-to-price derivatives, such as forwards and options however there can no 
assurance that such instruments eliminate exchange rate risks. 
Inflation risk  
As regards inflation risk, the rates established by the regulator to provide a return on Terna’s activities 
are determined to cover the allowed costs. Such cost components are updated on an annual basis to take 
into account the impact of inflation. Any variation of inflation, to the extent that it is not factored into 
the tariff set by ARERA, may adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
The Issuer’s revenues and the conduct of Regulated Activities substantially depend on the actions 
and decisions of the regulatory authorities in Europe and Italy  
Remuneration criteria for the electricity transmission, distribution, metering and dispatching services, 
as well as the regulation related to the quality of the transmission service and to other output based 
incentive mechanisms, are set by ARERA. Within the scope of these regulations there are a number of 
variables that could impact the Terna Group’s performance (for further details please see section 
“Description of the Issuer – Tariff System”). 
In addition, with respect to electricity transmission, the payments due to the Terna Group are collected 
directly by the Terna Group invoicing the Italian electricity distributors. Accordingly, any failure or 
delay in collecting tariffs from the Italian electricity distributors may have an adverse effect on the 
Terna Group’s financial condition and results of operations. Also, distributors or other participants in 
the electricity sector may request the recalculation of tariffs invoiced to them. If any such recalculation 
is required, it is possible that the annual fees related to the recalculation period may be reduced as a 
result and/or such recalculation may have an adverse effect on the Terna Group’s revenues, financial 
position or results of operations. 
The Terna Group is also required to comply with the guidelines and directives of the Ministry of the 
Environment and Energy Security relating to the operation, maintenance and development of the Terna 
Group’s Grid, including the level of capital expenditure required for such activities. Future guidelines 
or directives by the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security, over which the Issuer has no 
control, including those requiring investments or the incurrence of capital expenditures, may increase 
the Terna Group’s costs or, otherwise, adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be affected by appeals against provisions adopted by it following Resolutions by the 
ARERA. The Issuer, as a concessionaire of transmission and dispatching services, may adopt measures 
or undertake actions in order to comply with the relevant legislation which bind the concessionaire to 
guarantee the third party access to the National Transmission Grid (EU Directive 2019/944 and Italian 
Legislative Decree n. 79/1999), as well as with the Resolutions of the ARERA. Third parties affected 
by such measures and actions may seek to appeal against such measures and actions in administrative 
proceedings. In the event that such proceedings lead to the annulment of measures and actions taken by 
the Issuer, the Issuer is unable to predict the impact of such judgments on its business, financial situation

--- Page 22 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
22 
 
 
 
or performance, even if the relevant economic costs may be recognised, under certain conditions, by 
the ARERA. 
The failure of the Terna Group’s Grid or any impairment in the quality of the Issuer’s services may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s revenues and expose the Issuer to uncapped liabilities. The Terna Group’s 
operations are exposed to the risk of unexpected service interruptions caused by external events that are 
beyond Terna’s control, such as accidents, defects or breakdowns involving control systems or other 
equipment, deteriorating plant performance, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other extraordinary 
events of such kind. Repairs to the sections of the National Transmission Grid owned by the Terna 
Group and any claims for compensation by third parties as a result of such events could give rise to 
expenses if the Terna Group is found to be responsible. As a consequence of any of these factors, the 
Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by the dynamics of the volume of electricity transmitted 
and/or dispatched by the National Transmission Grid. 
Moreover, the Terna Group may incur penalties and damage requests with reference to the quality of 
the transmission services (see also section “Description of the Issuer – Tariff System”). 
Risks related to the concession governing the transmission and dispatching activities conducted by 
the Issuer  
The Issuer conducts the transmission and dispatching activities, including the management of the 
National Transmission Grid pursuant to a concession (see also sections “Description of the Issuer – 
History and development” and “Description of the Issuer – Legislative and Regulatory Framework”). 
The concession will expire in 2030 and may be renewed for the same duration (i.e. 25 years). The 
Ministry of Economic Development can impose suspension or revocation of such concession in the 
case of an event of default or a breach by the Issuer that can seriously affect the performance of the 
electrical service. It can also order the revocation of the concession if it is no longer appropriate for 
the pursuit of the public interest (see also section “Description of the Issuer – Legislative and 
Regulatory Framework”). 
The Issuer’s inability to retain ownership of the concession or a renewal thereof at less favourable terms 
could materially and adversely affect its future results of operations and cash flows, as well as its 
financial condition. 
The Issuer may be exposed to risks deriving from Non-Regulated and International Activities  
Through Non-Regulated domestic activities, the Terna Group is oriented to support energy transition, 
leveraging on its competences so to offer a portfolio of products/services in line with the market 
opportunities then available. Furthermore, the small average size of the deals and the selection of 
strategic counterparties for any large deal limit the impact of any possible adverse effect on the results 
of Non-Regulated Activities. 
In relation to International Activities the Terna Group/Issuer has acquired, and will acquire, the 
necessary financial resources to execute the relevant project finance documentation. In this respect, it 
is worth noting that the Issuer may be required to compensate, indemnify and hold harmless the 
counterparties involved in the international projects, from damages suffered by them, as result of any 
inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty given by the Issuer and/or of any breach of any 
covenant or agreement or in relation to any claim, contingency or liability of the Terna Group/Issuer. 
Such claims could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and reputation.

--- Page 23 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
23 
 
 
 
In addition, possible changes to the relevant legislative or regulatory framework (in Italy or abroad) 
may make investments in this sector less attractive and, consequently, lead to a decrease in market 
opportunities for the Terna Group’s Non-Regulated Activities and International Activities, affecting its 
revenues and results. 
With regard to the Tamini and Brugg Kabel businesses (both as defined in section “Description of the 
Issuer – Organisational Structure”) although this is of a relatively small size within the Terna Group, 
any changes on the market conditions and any possible claims related to the production and/or the 
supply of industrial and power transformers and cables could have a material adverse effect on the 
revenues and results of these specific businesses. For further details on such Non-Regulated and 
International businesses please see section “Description of the Issuer – Issuer’s Business”. 
Risks connected with failing to meet infrastructure development objectives  
The Issuer’s ability to develop its infrastructure and to implement its projects is subject to several 
unforeseeable events linked to operational, financial, and/or regulatory factors which are outside its 
control.  
With respect to financial sustainability of projects implementation, the cost of an investment is 
estimated at early stage during planning phase, so that a set of variations may occur over the life of the 
intervention, mainly due to increment of base cost of the projects (e.g. adjustments in consistencies and 
technology, evolution of supply contracts, evolution of the macro-economic context) and/or change in 
the initiative portfolio. 
In addition, the Issuer is unable to guarantee that all the relevant authorisations and permits will be 
granted or issued within the expected timeframe and that, once granted or issued, these will not be 
revoked. In this process there may be a risk to not obtain a positive opinion from the parties involved 
for the project, with delay in obtaining authorization and/or implementation activities. The authorization 
risk also includes the risk of legislation changes, with possible disadvantageous repercussion, causing 
an extension of the planned timeframes. 
Public authorities, residents and local communities may oppose new developments or projects to be 
executed by the Issuer, on the grounds that new infrastructures may impact the land that will host them. 
Such opposition may take the form of legal proceedings or protests and/or public opposition. The 
occurrence of any such challenges or protests during the approval process or the execution of new 
projects could lead to significant delays, increases in investment costs, and, potentially, legal 
proceedings 
Moreover, the Issuer cannot guarantee that any planned projects will be started, completed or lead to 
the expected benefits in terms of tariffs. Furthermore, any such development projects may require 
greater investments or longer timeframes than those originally planned, affecting the Issuer’s financial 
position and results. 
Sanctions risks associated with Terna Group’s transactions involving certain countries and activities  
As better described in section “Description of the Issuer – Organisational Structure”, in 2014 Terna 
Group acquired Tamini Group, being a group of companies producing transformers (and, in certain 
cases, reactors, spare parts and related maintenance and/or repair services) for installation mainly in 
steel manufacturing plants and electric utilities. Several clients of Tamini Group were located in 
Belarus, Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Russia, China, Ukraine, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Iran, 
Tunisia, Venezuela and Zimbabwe.

--- Page 24 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
24 
 
 
 
Upon completion of such acquisition, Terna Group started an in-depth sanctions screening exercise of 
the transactions performed by the Tamini Group by reference to the trade, economic and financial 
sanctions laws, regulations or orders, embargoes or restrictions administered, enacted or enforced from 
time to time by or in: (a) the Security Council of the United Nations; (b) the United States of America; 
(c) the European Union; (d) any Member State of the European Union; (e) the United Kingdom 
(including, without limitation, His Majesty’s Treasury); or (f) the respective governmental institutions, 
legislative and regulatory authorities of any of the foregoing (from letter (a) to (f), the Authorities) (the 
Sanctions). 
In this context, inter alia, the Processes (as defined in the “Description of the Issuer –Business 
Reputation Intelligence”) have considered the transactions performed by the Tamini Group involving 
the supply of transformers and, in certain cases, reactors, spare parts and related maintenance and/or 
repair services, involving many foreign countries subject to Sanctions currently in particular, Iraq, 
Serbia, Zimbabwe and, previously, also China, Ukraine, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran and 
Venezuela. 
In this respect, the amount of revenues generated by the Tamini Group and derived from the above 
mentioned transactions, for the first quarter of 2024, was less than 0.5 per cent. of the consolidated 
revenues of the Terna Group. 
Such screening activity was aimed at (A) gradually ending any transactions with counterparties resident 
or located in any country or territory that is subject to comprehensive country wide or territory wide 
Sanctions which create a general, export, import, financial or investment embargo (being, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus Cuba, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic 
and the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic, the non-government controlled areas of Zaporizhzhia and 
Kherson, Iran, North Korea and Syria, jointly the Embargoed Jurisdictions) and/or (B) monitoring 
any other different and/or new activities and different and/or new contracts. 
As of the date hereof, to the best of Issuer’s knowledge, the Tamini Group has no exposure vis-à-vis 
counterparties resident or located in Embargoed Jurisdictions.  
The same approach has been adopted vis-à-vis Brugg Kabel AG further to its acquisition in February 
2020. In this regard, the process identified that transactions had been performed by the Brugg Kabel 
Group involving the supply of cables, cable accessories and services involving many foreign countries 
subject to Sanctions (currently in particular Iraq, China and in the past also Lebanon, Turkey, Libya, 
Belarus). In this respect the amount of revenues generated by the Brugg Kabel Group and derived from 
the above mentioned transactions, for the first quarter of 2024, was less than 0.5 per cent. of the 
consolidated revenues of the Terna Group. As a consequence of such processes and as of the date hereof, 
and to the best of Issuer’s knowledge, the Brugg Kabel Group has no exposure vis-à-vis counterparties 
resident or located in Embargoed Jurisdictions. 
In light of the above, considering the international business relationships involving the Tamini Group 
and the Brugg Kabel Group as well as the ordinary conduct of business of the Issuer in a national and/or 
global market, Terna Group’s activities may involve (on a marginal basis) – directly or indirectly – 
countries subject to potential sectorial sanctions, provided that, in any case, also considering the 
complex legislation in continuous evolution and not always consistent across jurisdictions (such as the 
Blocking Regulation), the Issuer, directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries, including the Tamini 
Group and the Brugg Kabel Group, cannot exclude that the related transactions and activities, will be 
determined to be prohibited by Sanctions. 
Finally, in response to the Russia-Ukraine crisis, inter alia, the European Union, the United Kingdom, 
and the United States have already enacted and implemented a wide ranging set of sanctions and 
measures and could enact and implement further sanctions targeting, inter alia, the banking and financial

--- Page 25 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
25 
 
 
 
and energy sector in Russia by restricting the supply of certain items and services from/to Russia and 
Belarus and certain forms of financing or other banking transactions. Further sanctions imposed on 
Russia and/or Belarus, Russian and/or Belarussian citizens and/or Russian and/or Belorussian 
companies by the international community, such as measures restricting dealings with Russian and/or 
Belarussian counterparties, among others, could adversely impact Terna Group. 
Furthermore, an escalation of the international crisis, resulting in a tightening or expanding of Sanctions, 
could entail a significant disruption of energy supply, financial services and trade flows globally, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Terna Group’s business, financial conditions, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In light of the above circumstances, Terna Group carefully evaluates on a case by case basis the adoption 
of adequate measures to minimize its exposure to any Sanctions risk which may affect its business 
operations, but it cannot be excluded that certain transactions performed by Terna Group are determined 
to be prohibited by applicable laws or regulations, and that the Terna Group may be subject to penalties 
and/or Sanctions, in which case the Terna Group’s reputation, financial condition and future business 
prospects could be adversely affected. 
The Terna Group is also aware of initiatives by certain U.S. States and U.S. institutional investors, such 
as pension funds, to adopt laws, regulations or policies requiring divestment from, or reporting of 
interests in, companies that do business with countries designated as States sponsoring terrorism. If any 
of the Terna Group’s transactions and activities are determined to fall within the scope of these laws, 
regulations or policies, resulting sales of the Terna Group’s securities could have an adverse effect on 
the price of the Terna Group’s securities. Furthermore, investors in the Terna Group’s securities could 
incur reputational risk or other risks as the result of the Terna Group’s dealings in or with countries or 
persons that are the subject of Sanctions. 
Changes in the above-mentioned regulatory environment or in the implementation thereof are 
unpredictable and consequently the potential effects of these events on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows cannot be foreseen. 
For further details please see “Description of the Issuer –Business Reputation Intelligence”. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
The Terna Group is involved, both as plaintiff and defendant, in civil and administrative proceedings, 
including contractual, human resources, environmental, regulatory and health matters that arise in the 
ordinary course of the Terna Group’s business, as well as in criminal proceedings. 
Due to their nature, the Issuer is not able to predict the ultimate outcomes of the proceedings currently 
pending against members of the Terna Group, some of which may be unfavourable and may require 
the Terna Group to pay damages to the plaintiff, incur costs for the modification of parts of the Terna 
Group’s Grid or temporarily remove parts of the Terna Group’s Grid from service (see also section 
“Description of the Issuer – Litigation and arbitration proceedings”). 
Accordingly, the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be 
adversely affected by the outcome of one or more of such proceedings. Although the Issuer has taken 
out insurance policies specifically to cover these risks and has established provisions for those 
considered the most critical disputes and litigations, such insurance coverage and provisions may not 
be sufficient to cover all of the Issuer’s losses, increased costs or liabilities that may arise, or which 
the Issuer may incur, as a result of these proceedings.

--- Page 26 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
26 
 
 
 
Acquisitions could have an adverse effect on Terna’s business  
Terna may expand its business through acquisitions, which may involve significant risks that could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and operations. Such risks include, but 
are not limited to, difficulties in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services and corporate 
culture of the acquired companies, failure to achieve expected synergies, adverse operating issues not 
known by Terna prior to the acquisition, insufficient indemnification from the selling parties for legal 
liabilities incurred by the Issuer as a buyer of the acquired entity. Nevertheless, the Issuer typically secures, 
to the maximum possible extent, a set of representations and warranties from the seller as well as warranty 
and indemnity policies to specifically cover some of those risks. 
Risk associated with suppliers 
The Issuer relies on a number of key suppliers to realise its infrastructure objectives. Given the complexity 
of the infrastructure works and the increasing demand in the market, the Issuer may not be able to find 
sufficient suppliers to follow a demanding programme and/or such suppliers may not be able to rapidly 
adjust its supply chain to meet Terna’s increased demands, resulting in delays to the construction of 
infrastructure. In addition, geopolitical tension in the Middle East is adversely affecting global 
transportation logistics, which may lead to possible longer supply chain routes, delays on deliveries and 
limitation of sea containers availability driving freight tariff increases and unpredictability on arrivals, 
particularly on lanes connecting Asia and Europe.  
In addition, the Issuer is also exposed to the risk that their respective suppliers, when facing financial 
difficulties, may not be able to comply with their contractual obligations, or that such suppliers change their 
strategies to other more attractive sectors, or focus on other more attractive geographical markets, with a 
potential for increase in cost or delays in infrastructure works. Any cancellation of or delay in the 
completion of the infrastructure works of the Issuer or the relevant affiliates of the Issuer could have an 
adverse effect on the business of the Issuer or on the business of the relevant affiliates of the Issuer. 
The Group’s reputation may be damaged in various circumstances, including in case of a shortage 
of energy supply  
The current geopolitical instability, induced by Russia’s weaponization of energy sources that followed 
its invasion of Ukraine, has resulted in an increased uncertainty about the security of supply in the 
European and Italian power sectors. Since coal- and gas-fired plants are still pivotal to ensure that 
national electricity demand and the required level of reserves are met, a substantial decrease in the 
availability of these primary energy sources is likely to severely affect system adequacy. In addition, 
the increasing frequency and intensity of extreme weather events and climate change could impact the 
Issuer’s system resilience, assets and supply chain, with the potential for cascading failures triggering 
overloads, line failures and substation outage. The risk connected with the intensification of extreme 
weather events (tornados, heavy snowfall, ice, flooding, drought and water shortages) may have a 
resulting impact on the continuity and quality of the service provided by the Issuer and/or damage to 
equipment, machinery, infrastructure and the grid. To address the climate crisis, Terna has adopted a 
new climate assessment instrument, the Resilience Methodology , a probabilistic, predictive approach 
to identify the National Transmission Grid critical areas at higher risk of failure and load disruptions 
due to wet snow and strong wind events, using prospective climatological models to determine the 
probability of occurrence of severe weather events, defining vulnerability assessment of overhead lines 
and calculating substation outages with a contingency analysis approach. The methodology is applied 
in the Resilience Plan, which includes infrastructure interventions as well as grid mitigation, 
reinforcement and monitoring to enhance the grid's resilience in severe weather events, such as strong 
wind and ice/snow. The occurrence of any or a combination of these events could damage the reputation 
of the Issuer, and materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 27 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
27 
 
 
 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Information and cyber risk  
The Issuer depends on its Information Technology (IT) and Operation Technology (OT and, together 
with IT, IT/OT) and data processing systems to securely process, transmit, and store electronic 
information, and to communicate internally and with its clients, partners, and vendors. As the breadth 
and complexity of this infrastructure continue to grow, including as a result of the increased use of 
mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services in recent years, the potential risk of security 
breaches and cyberattacks increases. Such breaches and cyberattacks could lead to shutdowns or 
disruptions of the Issuer’s systems and potential unauthorised disclosure of sensitive or confidential 
information, including personal data of, among others, its employees, clients, contractors, vendors, and 
other business partners, as well as personal data stored on its products or through services by its clients, 
which may result in damage to the Issuer’s reputation and brand and adversely affect its relationships 
with its clients. Cybersecurity threats are constantly evolving and have increased in sophistication and 
speed in recent years, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them. In 
addition, the fast-paced, evolving, pervasive, and sophisticated nature of certain cyber threats and 
vulnerabilities, as well as the scale and complexity of the business and infrastructure, make it possible 
that certain threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack. 
Cyberattacks and cybercrime are increasing in both quantity and sophistication; a trend destined to grow 
in the future. The pandemic has further accelerated the digitization process, bringing out all the risks 
associated with cybersecurity even more clearly. The issue was even more amplified with the Russia-
Ukraine as well as the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, in which a scenario of threat and, more generally, of 
hybrid warfare was clearly manifested and in which the traditional physical approach is combined with 
cyber attacks involving state actors (so-called “State Sponsored” attacks). 
The Energy sector is once again confirmed as one of the first places among the “most-attacked 
industries” with a trend that requires an increase in cyber security safeguards by strengthening 
processes, people and technologies. 
The risk of such attacks includes breaches and attempted breaches not only of the Issuer’s own products, 
services and systems, but also of those of its clients, employees, contractors, business partners, vendors, 
and other third parties, as well as of third-party systems on which the Issuer relies to operate its digital 
platforms. Successful breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error could result in, 
for example, unauthorised access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of the Issuer’s 
data or systems or those of its clients or other third parties, theft of sensitive, regulated, or confidential 
data including personal information and intellectual property, loss of access to critical data or systems 
through ransomware, destructive attacks or other means, and business delays, service or system 
disruptions, or denials of service. 
In the event of such actions, the Issuer, its clients, and other third parties could be exposed to potential 
liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action, as well as to the loss of existing or 
potential clients, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss. In addition, the cost and 
operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures including 
the recovery of data or systems could be significant. 
This would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business and reputation, and could subject the Issuer 
to fines, with consequent negative effects on its business, results of operations or financial condition.  
Risks faced by the Issuer relating to the management of IT systems include possible violations of its 
systems due to unauthorised access to the corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of viruses 
into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the Internet. As with attempted hacking, such

--- Page 28 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
28 
 
 
 
violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten 
the protection of information relating to the Issuer and its customers and can have negative effects on 
the integrity of the Issuer’s IT systems, as well as on the confidence of the customers and on the Issuer’s 
reputation, with possible negative effects on the Group’s capital and financial condition.  
In addition to the cyber threat landscape described above, from a regulatory point of view, in recent 
years the cyber context has seen increasing attention at national and European levels by the competent 
authorities with the introduction of specific sector legislation (e.g. Network & Information Security – 
NIS Directive EU 2016/1148, Network & Information Security – NIS 2 Directive EU 2022/2555, Italian 
“Perimetro di Sicurezza Nazionale Cibernetica – PSNC”, Legislative Decree no.105/2019), with ever 
greater risks of incurring sanctions and regulatory compliance issues. 
In order to prevent such risks, Terna has an Information Security Governance Model, which enables it 
to identify the most significant cyber risks. For further details please see section “Description of the 
Issuer – Information and Cyber Security Risk”. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer. 
The interests of the controlling shareholder may differ from those of the other shareholders 
The interests of CDP RETI S.p.A. (or any of its shareholders) (hereinafter referred to as CDP RETI), 
which is the majority shareholder of Terna (~30 per cent.), in any decisions may differ from those of 
other Issuer’s shareholders and may have an impact on the Issuer’s business decisions. 
For a more detailed analysis please refer to the following sections: “Description of the Issuer – 
Overview”, “Description of the Issuer – History and development”, “Description of the Issuer – Share 
capital of Terna, major shareholders and related party transactions” and “Description of the Issuer – 
Share capital of Terna, major shareholders and related party transactions – Limitations on 
shareholding – Shares granting special powers”. 
Risks connected to the effects of the international financial crisis on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition  
In the near future the stability of the European financial system might be adversely impacted by several 
events, including those related to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, to the conflict in the Middle East or to the 
banking industry. In any event, the European Central Bank has confirmed its commitment to continue to 
preserve the smooth functioning of monetary policy transmission and to provide liquidity support to the 
euro area financial system if needed. 
As a result, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to 
meet financial requirements of the Issuer and its Terna Group may be adversely impacted and costs of 
financing may significantly increase. This could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
International political and economic developments or terrorist incidents may adversely affect the 
results of the Issuer 
Recent years have been marked by a series of negative geopolitical, economic and financial events. The 
potential effects of these events on economic growth in Europe may result in lower consumption of 
electricity by industrial users in Italy, thus adversely affecting the Issuer’s revenues and prospects for 
growth. 
In addition, the events mentioned above may increase the volatility of equity valuations and share/debt 
trading prices, including the market price of any Notes issued pursuant to the Programme.

--- Page 29 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
29 
 
 
 
The Issuer may incur substantial costs to comply with environmental laws  
The activities of the Terna Group are also affected by environmental legislation at national, European 
and international level, including in relation to electromagnetic fields and landscape. 
Terna Group considers the respect of national and internation environmental measures with an impact 
on financial expenditure and commissioning date since new project planning and design phase.  
Events may incur, causing increased costs due to the implementation of, and compliance with, 
environmental regulations calling for preventive measures or other requirements, such as environmental 
and/or authorization requirements during the permitting procedure. 
Furthermore, in the future, the European Union or the Italian Government may adopt stricter laws that 
would require the Terna Group to upgrade, relocate or make other changes to some of its existing 
electricity transmission networks and systems and would result in the Terna Group incurring significant 
expenditures in order to do so. The Issuer cannot ensure that such costs will not arise in the future. These 
costs may adversely impact the Issuer’s financial performance and results of operations. 
Also, local opposition to these required actions could further increase the Terna Group’s costs due to 
delays in the completion of the necessary upgrades, relocations or any other changes as described above 
or due to civil action. 
The impact of above-described events may affect a delay in project realization. 
The Issuer may be affected by changes in energy laws, tax laws and public sector laws  
The activities of the Terna Group (and accordingly, the revenues deriving from such activities) may be 
affected by changes in the rules governing the electricity market, strategic infrastructures or the 
authorisation procedures for transmission infrastructures or have an impact on the relationships between 
the companies of the Terna Group and other stakeholders (producers, distributors, etc.). 
More particularly, European institutions completed in 2019 a new legal framework for the energy 
sector, the so-called “Clean Energy Package”, and Terna is working on the European Green Deal, a 
roadmap that seeks to make the EU the first climate-neutral continent by 2050. As a result, further 
legislative initiatives at national level are expected in the near future to transpose the EU regulation. 
This roadmap has been progressively refined in these years, first with the NEXT GENERATION EU 
(NGEU) aid programme issued in 2020 to consider the COVID-19 impact on the EU economy, and 
then with the Fit for 55 package (2021) to achieve the 55% GHG reduction target by 2030 and its update 
REPowerEU (May 2022), which considers the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on EU Security of 
Supply. In particular, the “Fit for 55” package, launched 14 July 2021, constitutes the set of initiatives 
implemented by the European Commission to give legislative support to the new climate objectives for 
2030. As part of the EC 2021 Work Program, it consisted of 14 measures (9 regulatory reviews - and 5 
initiatives), such as the Renewable Energy Directive (RED), the Energy Efficiency Directive (EED), 
the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM), covering all key sectors of the economy and 
aimed at ensuring that EU policies are in line with climate goals. The 14th July 2021 package has been 
also completed with three other legislative dossiers published in December 2021 (Gas&H2 Package, 
EPRD, Methan Emissions). 
In March 2030 the European Commission released a proposal to Reform Electricity Market Design, for 
which a compromise among all EU Institutions was reached last December and publication is expected 
within 2024. More recently, in November 2023 the EC also released the so-called EU Grid Action Plan, 
including a set of measures to accelerate the development of electricity infrastructure and enable the 
achievement of 2030 targets.

--- Page 30 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
30 
 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Terna Group cannot predict what effect, if any, such 
developments may have on its business. 
The energy industry is subject to the payment of income taxes which can be higher than those payable 
in many other commercial activities. In addition, in recent years, the Issuer has experienced adverse 
changes in the tax regimes applicable to electricity companies. These companies are not permitted by 
law to pass on the increased tax liability to customers via a tariff increase and this therefore may result 
in additional costs for the Issuer. 
Any future adverse changes in the income tax rate or other taxes or charges applicable to the Terna 
Group would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s future results of operations and cash flows. 
Employees and key personnel   
The Issuer’s ability to operate its business effectively depends on the capabilities and performance of 
its personnel. Loss of key personnel or an inability to attract, train or retain appropriately qualified 
personnel (in particular for technical positions where availability of appropriately qualified personnel, 
including those specialised in STEM subjects in particular, may be limited) or if significant disputes 
arise with employees, may affect the Issuer’s ability to implement its long-term business strategy and 
there may be a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that an employee or an individual acting on behalf of the Issuer may breach 
anti-bribery legislation or otherwise breach the Issuer’s internal controls or internal governance 
framework (unfaithful employee). This could impact on the Issuer’s results of operations, its reputation 
and, as a consequence, its ability to meet its obligations on the Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to recruit, develop and retain personnel with appropriate skills is affected 
by global competition for skilled labour and an increase in shortages of personnel with the required  
skills and expertise. Any failure to retain skilled employees or to recruit new staff may lead to increased 
costs, interruptions to existing operations and delays to new projects. 
For further details and an analysis of the polices implemented by the Issuer please see section 
“Description of the Issuer – Senior Management and Employees”. 
Risks related to injuries or accidents in the workplace  
Serious accidents linked to the transmission grid, especially in connection with construction and 
maintenance work, can result in serious or fatal injuries of the Issuer's employees, contractors and/or 
subcontractors. Factors that can result in such injuries or accidents include human error or an accident 
close to live components, an error in design or construction work, damage or vandalism to live 
structures, and carelessness. Accidents can result in bodily injuries or, in the worst-case scenario, death 
to the Issuer's employees, contractors or private individuals. Workplace accidents may cause local 
interruptions of electricity supply or interruptions of work. The occurrence of the events mentioned 
above may impede the Issuer's efforts to achieve goals relating to safeguarding people's health and may 
have a serious impact on the Terna Group's reputation and credibility, any of which could materially 
and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
– 
Risks applicable to all Notes;

--- Page 31 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
31 
 
 
 
– 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
– 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes; 
– 
Risks related to Notes generally; and 
– 
Risks related to the Market Generally.  
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider the risk of reinvestment in light 
of other investments available at that time.  
In addition, with respect to Condition (7.5) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), 
there is no obligation under the Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per cent. of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled, and the Issuer’s 
right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of 
the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 32 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
32 
 
 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes.  
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation 
Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) where the amount of principal and/or interest or 
the settlement amount payable are dependent upon the level of an inflation/consumer price index or 
indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal, 
interest or the settlement amount may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a 
substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation/consumer 
price index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or 
indices may affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event 
provisions. Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed 
or ceasing or such index being rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent (as defined in the 
Conditions) determines that any such event has occurred this may delay valuations under, and/or 
settlements in respect of, the Notes and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes. Any such 
adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond, as defined in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be if so specified therein. In addition, certain extraordinary or disruption 
events may lead to early termination of the Notes which may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the 
Inflation Linked Notes Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest or the settlement amount payable are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect 
of changes in the level of the inflation/consumer price index or the indices on principal or interest 
payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes 
are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any 
movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if 
applicable) or, in the case of Notes with a redemption amount or settlement amount linked to inflation, 
in a reduction of the amount payable on redemption or settlement which in some cases could be less 
than the amount originally invested. 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of 
inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount or 
settlement amount of Inflation Linked Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant

--- Page 33 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
33 
 
 
 
jurisdiction or area, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by 
Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or 
indices. The level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions or areas. 
In respect of the Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Issuer’s intention is to allocate the net proceeds from the issue of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” 
to the financing and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Projects which meet the Eligibility Criteria 
(such terms as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Prospective investors should determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes, together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given that the 
use of such net proceeds for any Eligibl e Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law, regulations or standards (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation)). Furthermore, it should be noted that 
there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus 
as to what constitutes, a “green” or a “social” or a “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label. A basis for the determination of the definitions of, inter 
alia, “green” has been established by the EU Taxonomy Regulation, including the delegated regulations 
of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out therein (the EU Taxonomy 
Delegated Acts).  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green 
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in to 
and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, 
report and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or

--- Page 34 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
34 
 
 
 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Base Prospectus, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such a manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) makes any representation 
as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by 
prospective investors. The Dealers and any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, any verification 
of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet the Eligibility Criteria, or the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s website (www.terna.it), the green bond framework of 
the Issuer and the second party opinion for information. The second party opinion provider has been 
appointed by the Issuer. The Issuer’s green bond framework may be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The second party 
opinion and the green bond framework will be made available on the Issuer's website (www.terna.it). 
Step Up Notes (Sustainability-linked Bonds) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any 
future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  Step 
Up Notes are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds 
for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be 
subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of Step Up Notes depends on a definition of KPI#1 - 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
(%) and KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages as the case may be (each, a KPI and together, the KPIs) that may 
be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to each KPI.

--- Page 35 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
35 
 
 
 
In relation to KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, the Issuer defines such KPI as the 
release of GHG into the atmosphere, related to Scope 1 and Scope 2 and reported in the form of amount 
of emissions in metric tonnes of CO2eq.   
In relation to KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%), the Issuer calculates 
such KPI by reference to the proportion (expressed as a percentage) of total Group Capital Expenditure 
accounted over a stated period which is reported in the Integrated Report in activities that qualify as 
environmentally sustainable according to the criteria set out in Article 3 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation. 
In relation to KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages, the Issuer defines such KPI as the SF6 Gas Leakages rate 
expressed as a percentage of total SF6 Gas Installed. 
The issuer has so far annually disclosed the KPIs in accordance with GRI standards’ requirements, as 
evidenced in the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement of Terna 
Group. Indeed, Terna Group’s Consolidated Non-Financial Statement, prepared using the new GRI 
reporting standards, provides a complete picture of the most significant impact generated by Terna on 
the economy, the environment and people, including its impact on human rights. See the section "Scope 
of reporting and indicators" on page 312 of the Terna Annual Report 2023.  
The Group’s Non-Financial Disclosure is subject of third-party verification in compliance with the 
criteria established in the “International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) – 
Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by 
the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) for limited assurance engagements. 
Furthermore, any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in 
such certifications or reports or any past or future reports, certifications, opinions, Limited Assurance 
Reports and/or External Verifier Assurance Reports is not part of the Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme.  
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its direct greenhouse gas emissions and/or the SF6 gas emissions 
into the atmosphere and/or increasing the total Group Capital Expenditure accounted over a stated 
period in activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable according to the criteria set out in the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation (the Sustainability Targets), there can be no assurance by the Issuer, any 
other member of the Group, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or the 
External Verifier of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments 
it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding 
legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any 
investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets or such investments may become 
controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders.  Indeed, a Step Up Event shall not 
occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the relevant Sustainability Linked Note Step Up 
Condition as a result of certain events better described in the Conditions.  Lastly, no Event of Default 
shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, 
if the Issuer fails to reach its relevant Sustainability Targets.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the price 
at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked Notes in

--- Page 36 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
36 
 
 
 
such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue 
price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
In addition, a failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up Condition, or any such 
similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings 
would not only result in increased interest payments under Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under 
the Programme or other relevant financing arrangements, but could also harm the Issuer and the Group’s 
reputation. Furthermore, the Issuer’s efforts in satisfying a Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up 
Condition, may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of 
such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition or its results of operations. 
Finally, in relation to the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Conditions specify that no such event shall 
occur in case of the failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up Condition, due to 
certain events as set out in the Conditions. 
Calculation and reporting of the Issuer’s key performance indicators may change over time including 
due to a change in standards and guidelines or due to a Recalculation Event 
Each KPI is calculated internally by the Issuer based on broadly accepted industry standards and 
guidelines, as set out in the Conditions. These standards and guidelines may change over time, which 
may affect the way in which the Issuer calculates such key performance indicators. The standards and 
guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from industry bodies, 
which may change going forward. 
The occurrence of any event which may lead the Issuer to recalculate the relevant Sustainability Target 
for each KPI, which includes a recalculation following a structural change in Terna and/or the Group 
including as a result of acquisitions or mergers, and/or any other event such that any recalculation is 
evaluated by Terna (such event referred to under the Conditions as a Recalculation Event) may result 
in a change of its Sustainability Targets and may cause a fixing by Terna, on a unilateral basis, acting 
in good faith as detailed further in Condition 6.3 (Step Up Option) of a new target (referred to in the 
Conditions as ”Updated Targets”). 
Any such recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders, as further 
specified in Condition 6.3 (Step Up Option) and may then result in any such target, being considered 
for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event, has occurred in respect of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in 
the calculation methodology may not be in line with investors’ expectations. 
The occurrence of a Recalculation Event may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up Condition, which could in turn adversely 
affect the market value of the Notes. 
The Issuer expects to report on an annual basis on progress on its key performance indicators, including 
an explanation of methodologies used in such calculations, but any failure to do so will not constitute a 
default or an Event of Default under the Notes, any document under this Programme or any other 
agreement. 
A portion of Terna Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators 
A portion of Terna Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to KPIs set out in the 
Conditions (see "Step Up Notes (Sustainability-linked Bonds) may not be a suitable investment for all

--- Page 37 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
37 
 
 
 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics") which must be complied with 
by the Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up Option applies if specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such KPIs will result in increased interest amounts under such 
Notes, which would increase Terna Group's cost of funding and which could have a material adverse 
effect on Terna Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it.  
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined 
by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements 
in currency exchange rates or to other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may 
issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that:  
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices;  
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the 
impact of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable 
will be magnified; and  
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield.  
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of his investment.  
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities.

--- Page 38 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
38 
 
 
 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those of securities that do not include those 
features.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted against 
the majority.  
As provided under article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders 
may, by an Extraordinary Resolution passed by a specific majority, modify the Conditions (these 
modifications may relate to, without limitation, the maturity of the Notes or the dates on which interest 
is payable on them; the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes; or the currency of payment of the 
Notes). These and other changes to the Conditions of the Notes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights 
and may adversely impact the market value of the Notes.  
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such, in the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), 
including in respect of any amendment to the Notes.  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) causes a 30 per cent. withholding 
tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain 
financial instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, Specified Securities). If the Issuer 
or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor such 
withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section "Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding".

--- Page 39 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
39 
 
 
 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known 
as FATCA, Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section “Taxation – Foreign Account Tax Compliance ACT”. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a possible judicial decision, a change in English 
law or administrative practice 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change in English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a minimum denomination and are tradable in the clearing 
systems in amounts above such minimum denomination which are smaller than it, should definitive 
Notes be required to be issued, a holder who does not have an integral multiple of the minimum 
denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of 
his entitlement in the form of definitive Notes unless and until such time as his holding becomes an 
integral multiple of the minimum denomination.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
“benchmark”, such as Floating Rate Notes.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of

--- Page 40 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
40 
 
 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, including any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 
December 2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference such Original Reference Rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
Depending on the manner in which the relevant Original Reference Rate is to be determined under the 
Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) if ISDA Determination applies, the application 
of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the Original Reference Rate is expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending, or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant Original Reference Rate was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate 
Notes which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) otherwise occurs, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer and that such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative

--- Page 41 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
41 
 
 
 
Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances 
the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time.   
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters with their own independent 
advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the Market Generally  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (hereinafter referred to as the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in

--- Page 42 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
42 
 
 
 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent

--- Page 43 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
43 
 
 
 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations 
and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence 
amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 44 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
44 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The previous Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023, including the relevant Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes at pages 90-143 (inclusive) of the same, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, 
the auditors’ reports and the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial report of the Issuer as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, all of which 
have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
to the Base Prospectus (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.  
This Base prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
www.luxse.com. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be 
obtained free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer or from the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent.  
The following documents shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number  
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 
2023 prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
Terna_EMTN_2023_Update_
Base_Prospectus_8db690c6f95
a8b9.pdf 
Terms and Conditions 
 
90-143 
Issuer’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at and 
for the Financial Year Ended on 
31 December 2022 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
Terna_2022_Integrated_Report
_8db3f8253051f1d.pdf 
Integrated Report 
12-303 
Consolidated income statement 
336 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income 
337 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
338-339 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
340-341

--- Page 45 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
45 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number  
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
342 
 
Notes to the consolidated income statements 
368-376 
 
Auditors’ report 
434-440 
Issuer’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at and 
for the Financial Year Ended on 
31 
December 
2023 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
Terna_2023_Integrated_Report
_8dc5f14f587b168.pdf  
 
 
 
Integrated Report 
8-320 
 
Terna’s role in the just transition 
10-13 
 
Overview of 2023 
14-17 
 
The Group's milestones 
18-19 
 
The value creation strategy 
20-57 
 
Corporate governance, risk management 
and opportunities 
58-107 
 
The Group's business 
108-193 
 
Intangible capitals 
194-271 
 
Natural capital 
272-307 
 
Information on the NFS 
208-320 
 
Consolidated income statement 
358 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income 
359 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
360-361 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
362-363 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
364 
 
Notes to the consolidated income statements 
391-400 
 
Auditors’ report 
448-454 
Group’s reclassified income statement 
30-32

--- Page 46 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
46 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number  
Issuer’s Unaudited Condensed 
Consolidated Interim Financial 
Report as at and for the three 
months ended on 31 March 
2024 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
Terna_Consolidated_Interim_F
inancial_Report_March_31_20
24_8dc6f834bb11555.pdf  
Cash flow  
32 
The group’s reclassified statement of 
financial position 
33 
Debt 
35 
 
 
 
The documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023 prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme are not incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
because these are not considered to be relevant for investors. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
47 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will:  
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and  
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Principal Paying Agent (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”).  
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons

--- Page 48 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
48 
 
 
 
and talons attached upon (a) not less than 60 days' written notice being given to the Principal Paying 
Agent by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in this Global Note) or (b) the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent.  
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period, or 
(ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes 
are Exempt Notes, a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
49 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 50 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
50 
 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):  8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023 which is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the subparagraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 51 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
51 
 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
 
(Note - where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 52 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
52 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
 
[[[     ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate][, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[16]/[17] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[100 per cent.] [] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 16 
and 17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[22] below)] 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively] [registered in the 
Companies’ Register of Rome on []]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not 
applicable 
delete the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option]

--- Page 53 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
53 
 
 
 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option][     ] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons.) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not 
Applicable]] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)] 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
54 
 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]  
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR]. 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately.) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s):  
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes][+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 55 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
55 
 
 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) [:  
(i) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Target: [●] 
 
(iii) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions External Verifier: [] 
 
(iv) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions 
Margin: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[Collective 
Step 
Up 
Margin 
is 
applicable]] 
 
 
(b) 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
Percentage Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Reference Date: [] 
 
(ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Target: [] 
 
(iii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage External Verifier: [] 
 
(iv) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Margin: [[] per cent.

--- Page 56 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
56 
 
 
 
per annum]/[Collective Step Up Margin is 
applicable]] 
 
(c) 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date: 
[] 
(ii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target: [] 
(iii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages External 
Verifier: [] 
(iv) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Margin: [[] per 
cent. per annum]/[Collective Step Up Margin is 
applicable]] 
(d) 
Collective Step Up Event:  
 [Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this paragraph)  
[The KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event][and][the KPI#2 - Proportion of 
CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%) 
Event][and][The KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages 
Event] shall [be a Collective Step Up Event] 
[together constitute a Collective Step Up Event]  
Collective Step Up Margin:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this paragraph)  
[[●] per cent. per annum upon the occurrence of 
any Step Up Event comprising the Collective 
Step Up Event] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[     ]

--- Page 57 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
57 
 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[     ]  
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [CPI/HICP] which is 
provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [CPI/HICP] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Reference Source(s): 
[     ]  
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(g) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None]

--- Page 58 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
58 
 
 
 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(k) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[[     ] per cent.] 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(t) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day).) 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 59 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
59 
 
 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [     ]  
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation] 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert 
applicable 
reference 
bond] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[ ]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[     ] 
(g) 
Notice periods:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
60 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days] 
[Maximum period: [   ] days] 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [     ] days]  
(provide for a minimum period of at least 10 days 
to allow sufficient notice and time for set up of 
the payment event) 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] 
Maturity Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [●] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods:  
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
61 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[     ]  
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts (if not 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years]

--- Page 62 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
62 
 
 
 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
[     ] 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: 
[     ] per cent. 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount / (in the case of 
Inflation Linked Notes:) as per Condition 7.12 
(Inflation Linked Redemption Notes)] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.  
 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s)  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not to the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which paragraph 14(c) 
above relates.) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on

--- Page 63 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
63 
 
 
 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made /No.] 
29. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and any 
provisions necessary to deal with floating rate 
interest 
calculation 
(including 
alternative 
reference rates)).] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A.: 
By: ................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 64 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
64 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify (i) relevant regulated market (for 
example the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) and also any third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF, and (ii) if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and also any third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF, 
and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange)] with effect from [    ].] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following rating 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details by insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Each of 
[defined terms] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 65 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
65 
 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[Not Applicable] 
[(i)Use of the proceeds:] 
[General 
corporate 
purposes/To 
[finance/refinance] Eligible Green Projects (See 
“Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus)] [•] 
[(ii)][Estimated net proceeds:] 
[     ] 
[(iii)][Estimated total expenses:] 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT 
ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS3 
(N.B. The requirements below only apply if the Notes are derivative securities to which 
Annex 17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 applies) 
(i) 
The exercise price or the final 
reference 
price 
of 
the 
underlying: 
[As per Condition 5.2(C) (Rate of Interest – 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Notes)/As 
per 
Condition 7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes)] 
 
3 Required for derivative securities to which Annex 17 to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 applies.

--- Page 66 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
66 
 
 
 
(ii) 
An 
indication 
where 
information about the past and 
the further performance of the 
underlying and its volatility 
can be obtained by electronic 
means, and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge 
[     ] 
(iii) 
The name of the index: 
[CPI - ITL / HICP] as defined in Annex 1 to the 
Base Prospectus 
(iv) 
The place where information 
about 
the 
index 
can 
be 
obtained: 
the place where information about the index can 
be obtained [Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR or its 
replacement / Eurostat’s internet site] 
 
[(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg, and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 14 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [insert] [business] day after the day

--- Page 67 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
67 
 
 
 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  
Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [Include this text 
if “yes” selected, in which case the Notes must 
be issued in NGN form.] 
 
[No. 
 
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
United 
States 
Tax 
Considerations 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to

--- Page 68 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
68 
 
 
 
the Notes will be available from [give name(s) 
and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Notes are Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, 
indicatively it considers that they will [not] be 
Specified Securities for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only, subject to change, 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
[Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]4 
(The Notes will not be Specified Securities if they 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and are not 
delta-one for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or 
an index that contains a component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 
January 2025 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an 
investment in the underlying or (ii) are issued on 
or after 1 January 2025, further analysis would 
be required.)] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
 
4 This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Securities 
as of the date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
69 
 
 
 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than 
one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]. 
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)].  [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such 
that the administrator is not currently required to 
obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit 
from an equivalence decision]]. (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this subparagraph)

--- Page 70 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
70 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
6 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 71 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
71 
 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 [Date] 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to [either 
of][Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation][or][section 85 of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of][Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation][or][Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer.]7 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2024 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [Viale Egidio Galbani, 70, 00156 
Rome, Italy]. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023, which is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
 
7 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and UK if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction 
for that regime are not included/not specified to be “Applicable” (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, 
ora key information document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 72 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
72 
 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 29 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] [specify other] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate][, subject to the Step Up Option]]

--- Page 73 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
73 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 
and 17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior  
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[             ] 
[and 
[             ], 
respectively] 
[registered in the Companies’ Register of Rome 
on []]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option][     ] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option]

--- Page 74 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
74 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global form see conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
paragraph (b) below/, not subject to adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in paragraph (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify 
other]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 75 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
75 
 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ]  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR]. 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 76 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
76 
 
 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(See Condition 5 (Interest) for alternatives) 
16. Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
[(i) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Target: [●] 
 
(iii) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions External Verifier: [] 
 
(iv) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions 
Margin: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[Collective 
Step 
Up 
Margin 
is 
applicable]] 
(b) 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
Percentage Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[(i) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Reference Date: [] 
 
(ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Target: [] 
 
(iii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage External Verifier: [] 
 
(iv) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Margin: [[] per cent. 
per annum]/[Collective Step Up Margin is 
applicable]]

--- Page 77 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date: 
[] 
(ii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target: [] 
(iii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages External 
Verifier: [] 
(iv) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Margin: [[] per 
cent. per annum]/[Collective Step Up Margin is 
applicable]] 
(d) 
Collective Step Up Event:  
 [Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this paragraph)  
[The KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event][and][the KPI#2 - Proportion of 
CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%) 
Event][and][The KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages 
Event] shall [be a Collective Step Up Event] 
[together constitute a Collective Step Up Event]  
Collective Step Up Margin:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this paragraph)  
[[●] per cent. per annum upon the occurrence of 
any Step Up Event comprising the Collective 
Step Up Event] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[          ]

--- Page 78 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
78 
 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
 
18. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
19. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Reference Source(s): 
[     ]

--- Page 79 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
79 
 
 
 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(g) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(k) 
DIR(0) 
[     ] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[ [     ] per cent.] 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(t) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] /[specify other] 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount

--- Page 80 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
80 
 
 
 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day).) 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[specify other] 
20. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[          ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
22. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [     ] 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]

--- Page 81 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
81 
 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert 
applicable 
reference 
bond] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[ ]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
[     ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days] [Maximum period: 
[   ] days] 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 82 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
82 
 
 
 
24. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [     ] days]  
(provide for a minimum period of at least 10 days 
to allow sufficient notice and time for set up of 
the payment event) 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] 
Maturity Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [●] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[     ]  
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]

--- Page 83 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
83 
 
 
 
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[specify 
other][Not 
Applicable] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts (if not 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
[     ] 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: [     ] per cent. 
26. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee.) 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
[[        ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix]

--- Page 84 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
84 
 
 
 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different 
from 
that 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 7.7 
(Early 
Redemption 
Amounts)): 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]]  
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which paragraphs 15(c) and 18(g) 
above relate) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest 
due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details]

--- Page 85 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
85 
 
 
 
(c) 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and any 
provisions necessary to deal with floating rate 
interest 
calculation 
(including 
alternative 
reference rates)).] 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
terms of the redenomination in an Annex to the 
Final Terms).] 
34. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].]  [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
 ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
86 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[     ]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Base Prospectus) 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg, 
société anonyme and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 87 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
87 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition 14 
(Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the insert] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.   
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No.   
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 88 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
88 
 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional 
United 
States 
selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
United 
States 
Tax 
Considerations: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purposes 
of 
Section 
871(m).] 
[Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes will be available [provide 
appropriate contact details or location of such 
information].] [As at the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the Notes are Specified Securities for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they 
will [not] be Specified Securities for these purposes. 
This is indicative information only, subject to 
change, and if the Issuer’s final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such 
determination. Further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available [provide appropriate contact details or 
location of such information].]8 (The Securities will 
not be Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior 
to 1 January 2025 and are not delta-one for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or 
any index that contains any component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
1 January 2025 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2025, further analysis would be required.)] 
 
8  This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Securities 
as of the date of the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 89 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
89 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 90 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
90 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include 
a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation 
to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive 
Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale 
S.p.A. (the Issuer) constituted by a Seventeenth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Seventeenth 
Supplemental Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust 
Deed) dated 7 June 2024 and made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any other trustee or successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a 
Seventeenth Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 June 2024 and made 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents, together hereinafter referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(or of the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which 
supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered to the public (i) in the European Economic Area 
or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 91 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
91 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in 
definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), 
the holders of the Receipts (the Receiptholders) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, 
which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.  
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available to the Noteholders for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). If this 
Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes of the relevant series of Exempt Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as 
to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Linked Note (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, 
an Inflation Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Dual

--- Page 92 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
92 
 
 
 
Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a 
Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the following paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Note, and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. Without limitation to the foregoing, in determining 
whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of notes as aforesaid, the 
Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error or proven error, be conclusive and binding 
on all concerned.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.  
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the

--- Page 93 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
93 
 
 
 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.  
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon the whole or any 
part of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Indebtedness, except for Permitted 
Encumbrances, unless:  
(A) 
the same Security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all 
amounts payable under the Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons and the Trust 
Deed to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or  
(B) 
such other Security or guarantee (or other arrangement) as (i) the Trustee in its absolute 
discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall previously have been or shall 
forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all amounts payable under the 
Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons and the Trust Deed.  
As used herein:  
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;  
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities and which is or are 
intended to be quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
regulated securities market;  
Material Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer, located or domiciled in 
an OECD Member Country:  
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as calculated respectively by reference to 
the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries; or  
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
A report by two Directors of the Issuer addressed to the Trustee and stating that in their opinion 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further 
enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest or (to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee) proven error, be conclusive and binding on all parties;  
OECD Member Country means a country that is a member of the Organisation for Economic 
Cooperation and Development or any successor organisation thereof (or, to the extent that the 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development or a successor organisation no 
longer exists, that was a member thereof at the time the relevant organisation ceased to exist);

--- Page 94 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
94 
 
 
 
Permitted Encumbrances means:  
(a) 
any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result 
of any action taken by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes; or 
(c) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Subsidiary of any member of the Group after 
the date of issuance of the Notes, any Security existing over such entity’s assets at the 
time it becomes such a Subsidiary, provided that the Security was not created in 
contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming such a Subsidiary and provided 
further that the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in 
connection with, its becoming such a Subsidiary; or  
(d) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited-recourse 
financing, securitisation or other like arrangement where the payment obligations in 
respect of the indebtedness secured by the relevant Security are to be discharged solely 
from the revenues generated by the assets over which such Security is created 
(including, without limitation, receivables) provided that the aggregate book value of 
the assets over which such Security is created shall not exceed at any time 
€400,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or, if greater, 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated net worth of the Group, in each case as shown in the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or  
(f) 
any Security created after the date of issue of the Notes on any asset acquired by the 
person creating the Security and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re-financing that acquisition, provided that the principal 
amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that 
acquisition;  
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality;  
Project Finance Indebtedness means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in financing 
the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the Group:  
(a) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no 
recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than:  
(i) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or  
(ii) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower 
over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving

--- Page 95 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
95 
 
 
 
therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its 
shares or the like in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Indebtedness, 
provided that (A) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries 
made on any such enforcement and (B) such Person or Persons is or are not entitled, by virtue 
of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such Indebtedness, to commence any 
proceedings of whatever nature against any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary); 
Project Finance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer either:  
(a) 
(i) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(ii) 
none of whose Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of 
the Group (other than such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary) 
in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly referred to in 
subparagraph (b)(ii) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; or  
(b) 
at least 70 per cent. in principal amount of whose Indebtedness is Project Finance 
Indebtedness; 
Security means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest; 
Subsidiary means, in respect of any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary Shareholders’ Meetings of the second Person is 
held by the first Person; or 
(b) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary Shareholders’ Meetings of the second Person; or 
(c) 
whose accounts are required to be consolidated with those of the first Person pursuant 
to article 26 of Law 127 of 1991, 
in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, pursuant to the provisions of article 2359, first 
paragraph, No. 1 and No. 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
4.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, but after prior consultation with the Trustee, on giving 
prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 
30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro.

--- Page 96 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
96 
 
 
 
The election will have effect as follows:  
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of €0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro 
at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of 
the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments;  
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest €0.01;  
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall 
be issued at the expense of the Issuer: (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the 
denomination of €100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent 
may determine and notify to the Noteholders, and any remaining amounts less than 
€100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Payments); and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not 
Relevant Notes, in the denominations of €1,000, €10,000, €100,000 and (but only to 
the extent of any remaining amounts less than €1,000 or such smaller denominations 
as the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee may approve) €0.01 and such other 
denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the 
Noteholders;  
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also 
become void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute 
valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice 
may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes;  
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes 
to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or 
transfer to a euro account (or to any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque;

--- Page 97 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
97 
 
 
 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated:  
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding; and  
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:  
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty;  
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty;  
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified 
by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Redenomination) 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union;  
Relevant Notes means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and Treaty 
means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.

--- Page 98 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
98 
 
 
 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the

--- Page 99 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
99 
 
 
 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and  
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(A) 
General 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.   
In these Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall

--- Page 100 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
100 
 
 
 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is:  
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(B) below, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of paragraph (ii) above shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both:  
a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
b) if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and  
c) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open.  
(B) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 101 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
101 
 
 
 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
or other party specified in the Final Terms under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that other party were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The definition of "Fallback Observation Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: "Fallback 
Observation Day" means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to 
which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five 
Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
Investors should consult the Issuer should they need to consult the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
Where the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement (the IBOR Supplement) 
applies to any Notes where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and where Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Principal Paying Agent is 
required to determine the Rate of Interest or Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch is appointed as Calculation Agent, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the IBOR Supplement the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including in determining the fallback rate), and to the extent the 
IBOR Supplement requires the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, will provide 
written direction to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as 
applicable) specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) will be entitled 
to rely on that direction conclusively and without any liability to any party in 
connection therewith and shall not be obliged to act unless so directed. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 102 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
102 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and as provided below, be either:  
(A) 
the offered quotation; or  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or other party as specified in the Final Terms. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent or that other party for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of 
Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of paragraph (A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. In particular, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (i) 
above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (i) above, 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Financial Adviser shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised 
financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Financial 
Adviser.

--- Page 103 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
103 
 
 
 
(C) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes, for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other 
party specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[
]






=
)
0
(
)
(
*
Interest 
 
of
 
Rate
DIR
t
DIR
Multiplier
Rate
 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either 
case, designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the 
provisions of paragraph (D) below shall apply as appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest and the result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
DayOfMonth means the actual number of days since the start of the relevant month; 
DaysInMonth means the number of days in the relevant month; 
DIR(0) means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms and being the value as 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (where month "t" is the month and 
year in which the Trade Date falls): 
DIR(0) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 
2) – Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
DIR(t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month "t", 
the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
DIR(t) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 
2) – Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base 
Prospectus specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the 
month that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 1 prior to the month (t) in 
which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 2) means the value of the Inflation Index for the 
month that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 2 prior to the month in 
which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 104 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
104 
 
 
 
Rate Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if Rate Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate Multiplier shall be 
deemed to be equal to one. 
(D) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or, as the case 
may be, paragraph (C) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or, as the case 
may be, paragraph (C) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(E) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and the Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, will at or promptly after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period promptly after calculating the same.  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note or, an Inflation Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding.  
If an Initial Ratio Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, the 
amount payable on the first Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes shall be the sum of the relevant Interest Amount (in 
respect of the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date) plus an amount equal to the product of the

--- Page 105 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
105 
 
 
 
Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(t)/DIR(0) (or in the event the Interest Amount 
referred to above is calculated in respect of Notes in definitive form, a pro rata 
proportion of such amount) (such sum shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest 
euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 106 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
106 
 
 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:  
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 107 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
107 
 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.  
Initial Ratio Amount means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable; and 
(F) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed to the Trustee and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.  
(G) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or manifest error or proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default and fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders,the Couponholders or the Trustee shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.  
5.3 
Step Up Option  
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall 
be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of 
a Step Up Event will be notified by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders on the Step Up Event Notification Date. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of Interest, the Step Up Margin and the 
Step Up Date.

--- Page 108 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
108 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or both the Step Up Events shall apply 
in respect of each Series of Step Up Notes9 and the relevant Step Up Margin in respect of each 
such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Collective Step Up Event is applicable (comprising 
more than one Step Up Event), upon the occurrence of the first Step Up Event comprising the 
Collective Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), shall be increased by the Collective Step Up 
Margin from the next following Interest Period, provided that, once the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), has been 
increased by the relevant Step Up Margin upon the occurrence of a Collective Step Up Event, 
no further Step Up Event may occur. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more than one Step Up Event is applicable but 
specifies that a Collective Step Up Event is not applicable, upon the occurrence of any Step Up 
Event so specified, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin for each 
Step Up Event that may occur from the next following Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3: 
CO2 means carbon dioxide; 
CO2eq means carbon dioxide equivalent; 
Collective Step Up Event means more than one of (i) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions; and/or (ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%); and/or 
(iii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in 
each case, as so specified as being the Collective Step Up Event in the relevant Final Terms; 
Collective Step Up Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the Collective Step Up Margin; 
EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act means the technical screening criteria adopted by the 
European Commission on 21 April 2021; 
EU Taxonomy Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time; 
Exceptional Disapplication Event means either: 
(A) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies, or, without limitation, any decision of a competent authority or court; or 
(B) the relevant concessions, authorisations, licences and/or clearances applicable to and/or 
relating to and/or granted to the Group being amended, revoked and/or the relevant expiration 
date being shortened, in each case, which has a direct or indirect impact on the Group’s ability 
to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up Condition, as the case may be;

--- Page 109 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
109 
 
 
 
External Verifier means a qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date of the Notes to review the Issuer's statement 
of the relevant KPI, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
External Verifier Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available 
Information);  
KPI means (i) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions; (ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of 
CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%); and (iii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages  (together, the 
KPIs and each such a KPI, the relevant KPI); 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions means the release of GHG into the 
atmosphere, related to Scope 1 and Scope 2 and reported in the form of amount of emissions in 
metric tonnes of CO2eq;  
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Step Up Condition means the notification 
in writing by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up Event Notification Date that the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG Emissions as of the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference 
Date was equal to or lower than the relevant KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Target or the Updated KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Target, and that such 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions as of the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance 
with its customary procedures; 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event means the failure of the Issuer to 
satisfy the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Step Up Condition, provided that 
no KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of 
the Issuer to satisfy the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Step Up Condition 
due to an Exceptional Disapplication Event; 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Margin means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Margin; 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date means the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reference Date; 
KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Target means the target expressed in metric 
tonnes of CO2eq (tCO2eq), specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the KPI#1 - 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Target, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%) means the proportion of 
Total Capital Expenditure accounted over a stated period in activities that qualify as 
environmentally sustainable according to the criteria set out in Article 3 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation, and in the relevant delegated acts and/or regulations, published from time to time 
including, without limitation, the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage means the KPI#2 
- Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy (%) (expressed as a percentage) calculated

--- Page 110 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
110 
 
 
 
in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Available Information); 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Step Up 
Condition means the notification in writing by Terna to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up Event Notification Date 
that the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage as of the 
relevant KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Reference 
Date was equal to or exceeded the relevant KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU 
Taxonomy Percentage Target or the Updated KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU 
Taxonomy Percentage Target, and that such KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU 
Taxonomy Percentage has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its 
customary procedures; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Event means the 
failure of the Group to satisfy the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
Percentage Step Up Condition, provided that no KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the 
EU Taxonomy Percentage Event shall occur in case the failure of the Group to satisfy the KPI#2 
- Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Step Up Condition is due to 
an Exceptional Disapplication Event; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Margin means 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Margin; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Reference Date 
is the date specified as the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
Percentage Reference Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Target means the 
target specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Target, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event; 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages means the SF6 Gas Leakages rate expressed as a percentage of 
total SF6 Gas Installed; 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Step Up Condition means the notification in writing by the Issuer 
to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
on the Step Up Event Notification Date that KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages as of the KPI#3 - SF6 
Gas Leakages Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant KPI#3 - SF6 Gas 
Leakages Target or the Updated KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target, and that such SF6 Gas 
Leakages as of the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date has been confirmed by the 
External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the KPI#3 - SF6 
Gas Leakages Step Up Condition, provided that no KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Event shall 
occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Step Up 
Condition due to an Exceptional Disapplication Event; 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Margin;

--- Page 111 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
111 
 
 
 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date means the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date; 
KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target means the target specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event; 
GHG means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the atmosphere 
contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) carbon dioxide (CO2), methane 
(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFC), perfluorocarbons (PFC), sulfur 
hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3); 
GHG Report is a section included in the Integrated Report providing Terna Group's physical 
emissions; 
Initial Rate of Interest means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Integrated Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available Information); 
Limited Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available 
Information);  
Recalculation Event means the occurrence of either of the following events: 
(a) an event that may require the Group to change its methodology for calculating the relevant 
KPI including – without limitation – (i) as a consequence of a change in law, regulations, rules, 
standards, guidelines and policies, and/or (ii) following a significant change in data due to better 
data accessibility or the discovery or correction of data errors or any correction of a number of 
cumulative errors; 
(b) an event which results in a significant structural change to the Group, including as a result 
of acquisitions or mergers; or 
(c) in relation to the value of the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy 
(%) only, an event that may require the Group to change the qualification of the activities 
relating the transmission and distribution of electricity from eligible aligned to eligible not 
aligned according to the criteria for environmentally sustainable economic activities set out in 
article 3 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the technical screening criteria set out for 
electricity transmission and distribution activity in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, 
in any case leading to an increase or decrease in the value of such KPI of 5% or greater since 
the most recent value of such KPI published by Terna according to Condition 15 (Available 
Information), such that Terna may, acting in good faith, set the relevant Updated Target; 
Recalculation Event Notice means the notice prepared by the Issuer in relation to any 
Recalculation Event and disclosed in accordance with Condition 15 (Available Information) 
and notified by the Issuer according to Condition 14 (Notices) and to the Trustee. As of the date 
of the relevant Recalculation Event Notice in respect of any Updated Target, the relevant 
Updated Target shall replace the relevant Target and any reference to the relevant Target in 
these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Updated Target, it 
being understood that failure to satisfy the Updated Target Confirmation Requirements shall 
result in the relevant Target continuing to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the 
relevant Target as a result of the Recalculation Event;

--- Page 112 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
112 
 
 
 
Reference Date means the (i) KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference 
Date; and/or (ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage 
Reference Date; and/or (iii) KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Reference Date, in each case as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms, and each such date, a relevant Reference Date; 
Scope 1 GHG Emissions means GHG Emissions which occur from fossil fuels consumption 
for internal use and company operations including buildings heating, company vehicles, back-
up generators and GHG losses from electrical equipment (in particular, SF6 for electrical 
insulation purposes);  
Scope 2 GHG Emissions means GHG Emissions which occur from purchase of electricity 
from the grid and transmission losses along the high-voltage lines managed by Terna, as 
required by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard with respect to the role of Transmission 
System Operators; 
SF6 means sulphur hexafluoride; 
SF6 Gas Installed means the SF6 gas installed in the assets that are owned by and operated by 
the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (with the exclusion of Brugg Kabel Group and Tamini Group), 
for any fiscal year, expressed as a total amount in Kg; 
SF6 Gas Leakages means the SF6 gas emissions which are released into the atmosphere which 
occur from assets that are owned by and operated by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (with the 
exclusion of Brugg Kabel Group and Tamini Group) for any fiscal year, expressed as a total 
amount in Kg; 
Step Up Date means, in relation to (i) any Step Up Event, or (ii) any Collective Step Up Event, 
in each case, the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is 
required to publish the Integrated Report as of and for the period ending on the relevant 
Reference Date pursuant to Condition 15 (Available Information); 
Step Up Event means (i) the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event, or (ii) 
KPI#2 – Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Event, (iii) KPI#3 - 
SF6 Gas Leakages Event, or (iv) a Collective Step Up Event, as specified in the Final Terms 
and, each such event, the relevant Step Up Event; 
Step Up Event Notification Date means a Business Day falling no later than 30 days prior to 
the Step Up Date;  
Step Up Margin means (i) in relation to the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event, the KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Margin, (ii) in relation to the KPI#2 
– Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Event, the KPI#2 – Proportion 
of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Margin, (iii) in relation to the KPI#3 - SF6 
Gas Leakages Event, the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Margin, and (iv) in respect of any Step Up 
Event comprising a Collective Step Up Event the Collective Step Up Margin, as indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, each such margin, the relevant Step Up Margin; 
Sustainability-Linked Note Step Up Condition means any or both the (i) KPI#1 - Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Step Up Condition; and/or (ii) KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Step Up Condition; and/or KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages 
Step Up Condition, as may be applicable in correspondence with the relevant Step Up Event 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 113 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
113 
 
 
 
Total Capital Expenditure means, for the purpose of the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX 
aligned to the EU Taxonomy, the total amount of capital expenditure of the Group as of a given 
date, accounted based on the conditions established by the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the 
EU Taxonomy delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
(Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021); 
Updated KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions means the KPI#1 - Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Target as recalculated in good faith by Terna as a consequence 
of a Recalculation Event, as disclosed by way of a Recalculation Event Notice, provided that 
the Updated Target Confirmation Requirements have been satisfied; 
Updated KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage Target 
means the KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Target as recalculated 
in good faith by Terna as a consequence of a Recalculation Event, as disclosed by way of a 
Recalculation Event Notice, provided that the Updated Target Confirmation Requirements have 
been satisfied; 
Updated KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages means the KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages Target as 
recalculated in good faith by Terna as a consequence of a Recalculation Event, as disclosed by 
way of a Recalculation Event Notice, provided that the Updated Target Confirmation 
Requirements have been satisfied; 
Updated Target means the (i) Updated KPI#1 - Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Target; (ii) Updated KPI#2 - Proportion of CAPEX aligned to the EU Taxonomy Percentage 
Target; and (iii) Updated KPI#3 - SF6 Gas Leakages, and each such Target, a relevant Updated 
Target; 
Updated Target Confirmation Requirements means a qualified second party opinion 
provider independently confirming to the Group in writing that the relevant Updated Target: 
(i) is consistent with the Group’s sustainability strategy; and 
(ii) is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, relevant Target; 
and notice of such confirmation is provided to the Trustee and to the Noteholders and to the 
Principal Paying Agent pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices). 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as 
to whether any event under this Condition 5.3 has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5.3 without further enquiry or liability. The Trustee and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent shall not be charged with knowledge of any change in the Rate of Interest or, 
as the case may be, Margin or any other event pursuant to this Condition 5.3 unless it receives 
notification from the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 detailing such change or other event. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by

--- Page 114 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
114 
 
 
 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 5.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4(a) and notify the Agents and the Calculation Agent of such 
determinations prior to the date which is ten Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the rate of interest. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.4(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 115 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
115 
 
 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant 
Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(e) (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.4(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.4(e) (Notices), the Trustee shall (at the expense 
of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer using its reasonable endeavours to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to 
or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any 
Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, would have the effect of: 
(i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing the obligations, responsibilities or duties, 
or decreasing the protections, of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and/or the Conditions in any 
way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Directors:  
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.4;

--- Page 116 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
116 
 
 
 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and  
(iii) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect 
to each of the matters above.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final 
Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.4(a) (Independent Adviser) 
to Condition 5.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(B)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);

--- Page 117 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
117 
 
 
 
(d) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5.4(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 118 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
118 
 
 
 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Inflation Linked Note provisions 
5.5.1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest and Redemption Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law); or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date 
is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
Determination Date means each of the Interest Determination Date and the Redemption 
Determination Date, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant

--- Page 119 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
119 
 
 
 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent.  If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union.  In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds.  If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party 
providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as 
the Issuer may select at such time. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is

--- Page 120 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
120 
 
 
 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported. 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond.  If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond.  
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above. 
5.5.2 
Inflation Index delay and disruption provisions 
(a) 
Delay in publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute 
Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes which are Exempt Notes, in accordance with any 
formula specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined.

--- Page 121 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
121 
 
 
 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation provision. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has been 
designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 5.5), a successor 
inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor 
Inflation Index may previously have been determined under paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (i) above, 
and a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement 
Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously 
applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for 
purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what 
the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  If four or five responses are 
received and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three 
responses are received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii), the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (iv) below; or 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above by the next occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation

--- Page 122 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
122 
 
 
 
Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from 
such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation 
index to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the 
Early Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material modification prior to last occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is fifteen (15) Business 
Days prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days 
of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected 
the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the 
Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes on the 
date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount, as at the date of 
redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event.

--- Page 123 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
123 
 
 
 
5.5.3 
Inflation Index disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the Inflation 
Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation 
Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index 
and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. 
The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation 
Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination 
of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently 
verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation 
Index. 
5.6 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the 
provisions of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to 
Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period promptly after calculating the same.  
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are Exempt Notes interest will be paid as 
set out in Conditions 5.2(C) (Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and 5.5 (Inflation 
Linked Note provisions) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:

--- Page 124 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
124 
 
 
 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(B) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:  
(A) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and  
(B) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or to any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.  
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (871(m) 
Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with 
respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
“dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest 
rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law.   
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate 
of 70 per cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the 
Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 6.4 (Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of

--- Page 125 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
125 
 
 
 
certain types of Exempt Notes)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.  
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note.  
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.  
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which 
they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any

--- Page 126 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
126 
 
 
 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if:  
(A) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(B) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or by 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and  
(C) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 9 (Prescription)) is:  
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and

--- Page 127 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
127 
 
 
 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which T2 is open  
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(A) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, 
or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(B) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(C) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(D) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(E) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(F) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.  
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
With regards to Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are not Exempt Notes please see 
Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note provisions). 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor an Inflation Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating

--- Page 128 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
128 
 
 
 
Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept the certificate and legal opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (A) above, 
notice to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
129 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) the 
Optional Redemption Amount will either be:  
(i) the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms which, in the case of the redemption of some only of the Notes then 
outstanding, shall be a nominal amount of not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount which is 
the higher of: 
a. 100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
b. as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then 
current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
to maturity (or, if Maturity Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based 
on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap 
year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the 
Redemption Margin.  
As used in this Condition (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)):  
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Maturity Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by the Reference Dealers. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition

--- Page 130 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
130 
 
 
 
7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date.  
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 50 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during 
the Maturity Par Call Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the Clean-
Up Call Option) but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) 
days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put can be 
exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the 
provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition 7.4 and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global 
Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time.

--- Page 131 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
131 
 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.4.  
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(B) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or  
(C) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:  
RPmeans the Reference Price;  
AYmeans the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y  
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
7.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked

--- Page 132 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
132 
 
 
 
Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index 
Linked Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating 
to an asset or other property (the Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the 
Reference Asset or of some other asset or property (the Physically-Settled Notes). 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes which are Exempt Notes will be redeemed as set out in 
Conditions 7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption Notes) and 7.13 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made 
by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 7.9 (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold.  
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated

--- Page 133 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
133 
 
 
 
as provided in Condition 7.7(C) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
7.12 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes 
In respect of Inflation Linked Redemption Notes which are not Exempt Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will calculate such Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case 
may be) promptly after each time such amount is capable of being determined and will notify 
the Principal Paying Agent thereof promptly after calculating the same.  The Principal Paying 
Agent will promptly thereafter notify the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed thereof and cause notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
7.13 
Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date (utilising the DIR(T) value 
applicable to the Final Redemption Amount) in accordance with the following formula: 
[
]










=
)
0
(
)
(
*
Multiplier
Amount 
 
Redemption
%;
100
*
on
Denominati
 
Specified
Amount 
 
Redemption
 
Final
DIR
T
DIR
Max
 
The result of DIR(T) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards and the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards.  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note shall be the sum of (i) a 
principal amount determined by the Calculation Agent promptly after the time the Early 
Redemption Amount is capable of being determined in accordance with the formula set out 
above, provided that the reference to “Final Redemption Amount” shall be replaced by a 
reference to “Early Redemption Amount” and the DIR(T) value applicable to the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be utilised; and (ii) interest accrued but unpaid in respect of the 
period from, and including, the most recent Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the date 
for redemption of the Notes where the Rate of Interest for such period shall be calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Defined terms used in this Condition 7.13 shall have the same meanings as set out in Condition 
5.2(C) provided that, DIR(T) means the value of the Inflation Index for (i) in the case of the 
calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the Maturity Date and (ii) in the case of the 
calculation of the Early Redemption Amount, the date for redemption of the Notes, in each case 
calculated in accordance with the following formula where month "t" is the month and year of 
the Maturity Date in the case of (i) above and the month and year in which the date for 
redemption falls in the case of (ii) above:

--- Page 134 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
134 
 
 
 
DIR(t)=Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 1)+[Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 2)-Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 
1)]*[DayOfMonth-1)/DaysInMonth] 
Rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
If the date for redemption occurs prior to the first Interest Payment Date, a pro rata proportion 
of an amount equal to the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(T)/DIR(0) 
shall be added to the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the date of redemption of the Notes) (such sum 
shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded 
upwards). 
Redemption Amount Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if Redemption Amount Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the 
Redemption Amount Multiplier shall be deduced to be equal to 100 per cent.  
The provisions of Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note provisions) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessment or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
(A) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect 
of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or  
(B) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but 
not limited to a declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(C) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable 
to payments)); or 
(D) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of 
any Notes, Receipts or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and any related implementing regulations 
(as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(E) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Law Decree 
No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983 as 
amended from time to time;

--- Page 135 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
135 
 
 
 
(F) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(G) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or official 
interpretations thereof or (ii) Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons; and  
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless demand for payment in respect of 
principal and/or interest is made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
6.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons).  
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (C), (D), (F) and (G) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the 
Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each 
an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(A) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of ten calendar days; or

--- Page 136 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
136 
 
 
 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or to observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
(or such longer period as the Trustee may agree in writing) next following the service 
by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(C) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), or the Issuer fails to 
make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date 
for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or default is made 
by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer is contesting, 
in good faith, in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction or before a competent 
arbitration panel that the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or any such 
guarantee and/or indemnity shall be due or enforceable, as appropriate, and provided 
further that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred 
and be continuing shall exceed at any time €20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or  
(D) 
any Security (other than any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness), present 
or future, created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets 
or revenues of the Issuer, becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person) which is not discharged within 30 days of such enforcement; or  
(E) 
if the Issuer shall be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent 
amalgamation, merger, de-merger or reconstruction (a Solvent Reorganisation) (i) to 
be adopted or implemented pursuant to any mandatory provisions of law or (ii) on terms 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, and (in the case 
of (i) and (ii)) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by the 
entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and 
an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of 
Italy has been delivered to the Trustee confirming the same prior to the effective date 
of such Solvent Reorganisation); or  
(F) 
if the Issuer shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry on all or substantially 
all of its business or shall dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (in each case 
otherwise than for the purpose of a Solvent Reorganisation (i) to be adopted or 
implemented pursuant to any mandatory provisions of law or (ii) on terms approved in 
writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, and (in the case of (i) and 
(ii)) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by the entity 
resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and an opinion 
of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been 
delivered to the Trustee confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent 
Reorganisation); or

--- Page 137 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
137 
 
 
 
(G) 
if the Issuer fails to pay a final judgment (sentenza passata in giudicato, in the case of 
a judgment issued by an Italian court) of a court of competent jurisdiction within 60 
days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment in excess of an amount equal to 
the value of a substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer has been entered 
against it or an execution is levied, enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any 
substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer pursuant to any such judgment; 
or  
(H) 
if the Issuer shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall stop payment or 
announce that it shall stop payment or shall be found unable to pay all or substantially 
all of its debts, or any order shall be made by any competent court or other competent 
body for, or any resolution shall be passed by the Issuer for judicial composition 
proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the 
Issuer.  
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in 
relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days 
or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do and the failure or inability shall be continuing.  
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether 
by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether 
issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash.  
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
12. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 138 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
138 
 
 
 
(A) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(B) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(C) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4 (Specific provisions in relation to 
payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes). Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor agent.  
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, 
www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the 
Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the

--- Page 139 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
139 
 
 
 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice has been given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Without prejudice to the above, the Issuer shall give notice in the manner required by the 
Issuer’s bylaws and the law and regulations applicable from time to time.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.  
15. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 15 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 
December published after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies one or both the Step Up Events being applicable, the Issuer 
will publish on its website and in accordance with applicable laws (i) its relevant KPI, as 
indicated in Terna Group's report, including, amongst others, consolidated disclosure of non-
financial information of the Group pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 and the 
sustainability report of the Group and audited by the independent auditor (the Integrated 
Report) and (ii) an independent auditor’s report on the consolidated disclosure of non-financial 
information in accordance with Article 3, par. 10, of Legislative Decree 254/2016 and with 
Article 5 of CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution n. 20267 of January 18, 2018 (the 
Limited Assurance Report).  Each Limited Assurance Report and Integrated Report will be 
published concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor's reports on the annual 
financial reports and will have the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor's 
report; provided that to the extent the Issuer reasonably determines that additional time is 
required to complete any Limited Assurance Report and the Integrated Report, then the relevant 
Limited Assurance Report and the Integrated Report may be published as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in no event later than 60 days, subsequent to the date of publication of the 
independent auditor's report. 
Furthermore, on or before the relevant Step Up Event Notification Date following a Reference 
Date, the Issuer will publish on its website an assurance report issued by the External Verifier 
in respect of its KPI at the relevant Reference Date (the External Verifier Assurance Report).  
The External Verifier Assurance Report will be published as soon as reasonably practicable 
following each relevant Reference Date but in no event later than the Step Up Event 
Notification Date.

--- Page 140 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
140 
 
 
 
In addition, if applicable and if specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of 
any Recalculation Event, the Issuer will publish on its website the relevant Updated Target 
and/or the Recalculation Event Notice. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended) for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including any modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of the Trust 
Deed. According to the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy: (a) if 
Italian law and the Issuer's by-laws provide for multiple calls, such meetings will be validly 
held if: (i) in the case of a first meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding not less than one-half in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding; (ii) in case of an adjourned meeting, there are one or more persons 
present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding; and (iii) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the Issuer's by-laws 
may in each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the 
Republic of Italy) provide for a higher quorum; and (b) if Italian law and the Issuer's by-laws 
provide for a single call, the quorum under (iii) above shall apply, provided that a higher 
majority may be required by the Issuer's bylaws. The majority to pass a resolution at any 
meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) will be not less than two-thirds of 
the nominal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting; provided however that (A) in order 
to adopt certain proposals, as set out in article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code the favourable 
vote of the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less than one half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting pursuant to 
paragraph 3 of article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code shall also be required and (B) if the Issuer's 
by-laws in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher 
majorities, such higher majorities shall prevail. Resolutions passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders.  
16.2 
Noteholders’ Representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders’ 
Representative) (who might, subject to the mandatory provisions of Italian law, also be the 
same legal entity as the Trustee) may be appointed pursuant to article 2417 of the Italian Civil 
Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect 
to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not 
appointed by a meeting of Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by 
a decree of the Court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative 
shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again 
thereafter.

--- Page 141 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
141 
 
 
 
16.3 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders or 
Receiptholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the 
Notes, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, provided 
that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders, or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an 
error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments) without the consent of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
16.4 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class  
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed.  
16.5 
Notification to the Noteholders  
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders and, unless the Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations 
and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any 
such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders,

--- Page 142 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
142 
 
 
 
Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit 
made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes.  
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this note under the contracts 
(rights of third parties) act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver) and Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy.  
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction  
(A) 
The English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts.  
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in 
relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited ceasing so to act or being unable or unwilling for any reason to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 143 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
143 
 
 
 
20.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 144 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
144 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be allocated by the Issuer, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(i) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(ii) 
to refinance and/or finance, in whole or in part, existing and/or future Eligible Green Projects 
which meet the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Use for Eligible Green Projects 
Eligible Green Projects means projects with a positive impact in terms of environmental sustainability, 
in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria. 
Eligibility Criteria means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as per its Green Bond Framework. A 
second party consultant appointed by the Issuer has reviewed the Green Bond Framework and has issued 
a second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion). 
The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s 
website (www.terna.it). None of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the Base 
Prospectus. 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds issued will be credited to the Treasury liquidity portfolio of the 
Issuer. The Issuer will track the net proceeds via its internal accounting system and will monitor the 
allocation to prevent any double counting in the allocation of proceeds. Pending the allocation to the 
Eligible Green Projects, unallocated proceeds will be held temporarily in treasury investment portfolio 
(cash and cash equivalents, tradable government bonds or other cash investments instruments, etc); 
unallocated net proceeds will not be invested in any activities directly related to fossil fuels, tobacco, 
cannabis, alcohol, gambling, weapons or adult entertainment. An external auditor appointed by the 
Issuer will verify, on an annual basis, the allocation of proceeds to the Eligible Green Projects and the 
remaining balance of unallocated proceeds, until full allocation of the funds occurs. 
The Issuer is expected to issue a report annually until full allocation occurs, and as necessary thereafter 
in the event of material developments on: (i) allocated amounts by Eligible Green Projects, including a 
brief description of the largest and most representative projects from each category; (ii) main technical 
data referring to the single project, when available (e.g. peak power of wind or solar plants connected); 
(iii) division of the allocation between refinancing and new projects; and (iv) the outstanding amount 
of net proceeds yet to be allocated to projects at the end of the reporting period. Where feasible, the 
Issuer will also report project impacts and environmental benefits linked to the single Eligible Green 
Project or aggregated by the categories of eligibility. The report will be made available on the Issuer's 
website (www.terna.it). The report will be reviewed by an external auditor. 
If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 145 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
145 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale Società per Azioni or, shortly, TERNA S.p.A. (hereinafter referred 
to as Terna or the Issuer) is the Italian electricity transmission company responsible for planning, 
development and maintenance of the grid, contributing its expertise, technology and innovation (as the 
Transmission Operator). In addition, Terna is responsible for the transmission and dispatching of 
electricity (as the System Operator), with the aim of ensuring access to electricity for everyone with the 
highest level of quality and at the lowest possible cost. 
Terna was incorporated as a joint-stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 31 May 
1999, and, pursuant to its By-laws, its term ends on 31 December 2100 unless such term is extended by 
a resolution of the Shareholders’ General Meeting. Terna operates in accordance with the Italian civil 
code and other laws of Italy applicable to it. Terna’s registered address is Viale Egidio Galbani 70, 
00156 Rome, Italy, telephone number +39 06 8313 8111 and it is registered with the Register of 
Enterprises of Rome under number 05779661007. Terna’s website is www.terna.it. 
As at 31 December 2023, Terna’s share capital of Euro 442,198,240 consisted of 2,009,992,000 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of Euro 0.22 each unchanged at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Terna’s shares are listed on the Euronext Milan market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(Borsa Italiana). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, based on information from the shareholders register, notifications 
received in accordance with the applicable legislation and other available information, the following 
shareholder holds interests in the Company’s share capital in excess of the notification thresholds 
established by art. 120 of the CLF and by the Regulations for Issuer: CDP RETI S.p.A. (a joint-stock 
company controlled by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. – hereinafter referred to as CDP – which is, in 
turn, owned 82.77 per cent. by the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Italian Republic) owning 
29.851 per cent. of the share capital. 
The Terna Group’s main business comprises the Regulated segment, which includes the development, 
operation and maintenance of the National Transmission Grid, in addition to dispatching and metering, 
and the activities involved in the construction of storage systems. These activities have been included 
in one operating segment, as they are all regulated by ARERA and have similar characteristics, in terms 
of the remuneration model and the method for setting the related tariffs. 
The Non-Regulated segment includes business initiatives, above all relating to Industrial activities, 
which includes the operating results of the Tamini Group, relating essentially to the construction and 
commercialisation of electrical equipment, above all power transformers, and the Brugg Kabel Group, 
which operates in the terrestrial cable sector, specialising in the design, development, construction, 
installation and maintenance of electrical cables of all voltages and accessories for high-voltage cables. 
The Non-Regulated segment includes also initiatives linked to the provision of services to Third Parties 
in the areas of Energy Solutions, consisting of the development of technical solutions and the supply of 
innovative services, including EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) services, operation 
and maintenance of high-voltage and very high-voltage infrastructure, and the supply of energy 
efficiency services (broadly attributable to the subsidiary, Avvenia The Energy Innovator S.r.l.) and PV 
Services (EPC, revamping, repowering and O&M) for Third Parties (broadly attributable to the 
subsidiary LT). This segment then includes Connectivity (mainly housing services for fibre networks 
and dark IRU contracts for fibre). In the end, the Non-Regulated segment includes the activities carried 
out in relation to the private interconnectors launched by Law 99/2009, legislation that assigned Terna 
responsibility for selecting undertakings, on the basis of public tenders, willing to finance specific cross-

--- Page 146 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
146 
 
 
 
border interconnectors in exchange for the benefits resulting from a decree granting a third-party access 
exemption with regard to the transmission capacity provided by the new infrastructure.  
On the other hand, the International segment includes the results deriving from opportunities for 
international expansion, which the Terna Group aims to exploit by leveraging its core competencies 
developed in Italy as a TSO, where such competencies are of significant importance in its home country. 
Overseas investment focuses on countries with stable political and regulatory regimes and a need to 
develop their electricity infrastructure. This segment includes the results of the subsidiary Terna Plus 
S.r.l., the Peruvian company, Terna 4 Chacas S.A.C., a charitable project, the Chilean company, Terna 
Chile S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Chile) and the US subsidiary, Terna USA LLC. 
Terna is the main owner of the National Transmission Grid. As of 31 December 2023, the Terna Group’s 
Grid consisted of 75,140 kilometres of electricity lines and 910 substations. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Terna Group’s total consolidated revenues amounted to Euro 3,186.7 
million (as of 31 December 2022 these amounted to Euro 2,964.5 million)10 while EBITDA (Gross 
Operating Profit) was Euro 2,168.6 million increasing by 5.3 per cent., as compared to the previous 
year (Euro 2,059.2 million) (see also section “Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)” below). 
Terna has been consolidating its position in the Italian transmission sector since the end of 2005 in 
connection with the integration of the ownership and management of the National Transmission Grid 
pursuant to the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers dated 11 May 2004 (hereinafter 
referred to as the DPCM). In 2005, Terna acquired the transmission and dispatching sector of the Italian 
Independent System Operator (Gestore della Rete di Trasmissione Nazionale S.p.A.), an entity wholly-
owned and controlled by the Ministry of Economy and Finance (hereinafter referred to as the Italian 
ISO). Please see also section “History and Development” below.   
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
Terna’s principal activities are rooted in Italy’s history: Law No. 1643 of 1962 paves the way for 
nationalisation of the electricity industry, handing Ente Nazionale Energia Elettrica (ENEL) 
responsibility for all stages of the electricity supply chain, previously in private hands. The monopoly 
operator is able to complete electrification of the Italian Peninsula, but the driving force behind the 
changes that have led to the current operating environment is the process of deregulation promoted by 
the European Union aimed at making grid management independent. In implementation of Decree 79 
of 16 March 1999, focused on separation of ownership the National Transmission Grid from 
management of the grid itself (involving transmission and dispatching) along the lines of the so-called 
“Independent System Operator” model, two new companies were established: Terna, owner of the 
Italian transmission grid, and GRTN (the national transmission grid operator). 
In 1999, Enel established Terna as a wholly-owned subsidiary and subsequently transferred all of its 
electricity transmission systems and other assets that formed the Terna Group’s grid (as it then existed) 
to Terna. The management and the operation of the National Transmission Grid were entrusted to the 
Italian ISO (as defined in section “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” below) pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 16 March 1999 No. 79 (hereinafter referred to as the Bersani Decree). 
The Bersani Decree, which required the separation of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid, was reversed by Law Decree 29 August 2003 No. 239 (hereinafter referred to as 
Decree 239/2003), as converted with amendments into law by Law 27 October 2003 No. 290 
(hereinafter referred to as Law 290/2003) and the implementing measures of the DPCM (as defined in 
 
10Given that the requirements of IFRS 5 have been met, the overall results for 2023 and 2022 attributable to the South American 
subsidiaries included in the planned sale of assets have been classified in the item “Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations 
and assets held for sale” in the Group’s reclassified income statement.

--- Page 147 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
147 
 
 
 
section “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” below). Law 290/2003 and the DPCM require the 
integration of the ownership and management of the National Transmission Grid and place certain 
restrictions on the ownership of the entity resulting from the integration as well as on the voting rights 
of the shareholders of the resulting entity. The current regulatory structure of the electricity sector is 
determined also by Legislative Decree 93/2011 implementing EU Directive 2009/72/EC concerning 
common rules on the internal market in electricity (see also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” 
below). 
On 23 June 2004, Enel launched an initial public offering of Terna’s ordinary shares to retail investors 
in Italy and a private placement with certain institutional investors in accordance with Rule 144A and 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. After the initial public 
offering, Enel’s stake of Terna’s share capital was reduced to 50 per cent. Pursuant to Law 290/2003 
and the DPCM, which provides for the integration of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid and imposes certain restrictions on control of the resulting entity, Enel was required 
to reduce its shareholding in Terna to 20 per cent. or less by 1 July 2007 (see also “Legislative and 
Regulatory Framework” below). On 31 March 2005, Enel completed the sale of 13.86 per cent. of the 
share capital of Terna through an accelerated book-building process. In addition, on 15 September 2005, 
CDP acquired its 29.99 per cent. controlling stake in Terna from Enel. On 2 February 2012, Enel 
completed the sale of its remaining 5.1 per cent. of the share capital of Terna through an accelerated 
book-building procedure and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Enel no longer holds any stake in 
the share capital of Terna. 
In 2009, Terna acquired 18,600 km of high voltage lines from Enel, thereby becoming the leading 
independent grid operator in Europe and the seventh largest in the world. Terna now owns 98.6 per 
cent. of Italy’s national grid. In the same year, Terna sold 66 per cent. of the Brazilian subsidiary, Terna 
Participações, to Cemig, recording a gain of over €400 million, some of which is invested in 
development of the Italian electricity network and some is returned cash to shareholders. 
In 2011, Terna developed infrastructure of international excellence. The SA.PE.I. line (Sardinia to the 
mainland) starts operating, as does the Chignolo Po-Maleo line in Lombardy. Work begins on the 
Sorgente-Rizziconi line (linking Sicily and Calabria). Two new operating companies were established 
in 2012: Terna Rete Italia S.p.A. (TRI S.p.A.), responsible for Regulated Activities, and Terna Plus 
S.r.l. (Terna Plus), with responsibility for expanding the Non-Regulated services. 
On 27 October 2014, CDP announced that its entire interest in Terna, composed of 599,999,999 shares, 
equal to 29.851 per cent. of the share capital, was transferred to CDP RETI. As a result of this transfer, 
CDP RETI currently controls 29.851 per cent. of Terna (see also section “Share capital of Terna, major 
shareholders and related party transactions”). 
In the context of the reorganisation of the Terna Group, from 1 April 2012, Terna became the parent 
company of the group providing guidelines and coordinating activities of the operating companies of 
the Terna Group such as TRI S.p.A., being the operating company in charge of the core business 
activities of the Terna Group, and Terna Plus, being originally the operating company in charge of 
carrying out projects which are not core business activities of the Terna Group.  
On 20 May 2014, the Terna Group signed the closing for the acquisition, originally by Terna Plus, of 
the entire capital of Tamini Trasformatori S.r.l. (Tamini) and of its subsidiaries. Tamini is a group of 
companies that produces and sells electrical transformers for industrial applications (e.g. steel and 
aluminium production plants) as well as for the electrical utilities (power transformers, mainly targeted 
to transmission and distribution networks) in Italy and in other international markets. Tamini owns four 
production facilities in Italy and sells its products either directly to the end customer or through 
Engineering and Construction (EPC) companies. Tamini is also present in the USA through a 
wholly-owned subsidiary. On 30 October 2015, under the scope of Non-Regulated Activities, Terna

--- Page 148 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
148 
 
 
 
finalised the business combination process between Tamini, a subsidiary of Terna Plus, and TES (which 
owns a company originally called TES Asia as defined below, an Indian company, considering that one 
share is held by Antonio Fasano on behalf of TES as a "nominee" under the Indian legislation about 
“one person companies”). The operation, announced to the market on 16 September 2015, has been 
carried out through an increase in Tamini’s share capital of around Euro 26.4 million, reserved for 
Holdco TES S.r.l. (Holdco TES) (controlled by the Xenon Private Equity V fund, Riccardo Reboldi 
and Giorgio Gussago) and the consequent transfer of all TES shares to Tamini. Following the 
agreement, Terna Plus held 70 per cent. of the share capital of Tamini while Holdco TES held the 
remaining 30 per cent. In fact, after the demerger of Terna Plus, the ownership of Tamini is held by 
Terna Energy Solutions (as defined and better explained below). On 5 August 2021, Terna Energy 
Solutions (as defined below) became the sole shareholder of Tamini following the acquisition of the 
30 per cent. share capital previously held by Holdco TES. 
In 2015, Terna acquired the Ferrovie dello Stato group’s high voltage grid for €757 million, 
consolidating its leadership in Europe with approximately 72,600 km of grid managed. In 2016, Terna 
focused on new strategic power lines: the Villanova-Gissi and Sorgente-Rizziconi lines entered into 
operation. The latter is a record-breaking power line, connecting Sicily with the rest of Europe via the 
high voltage electricity system of Calabria and of the Italian peninsula.  
In 2018, in line with the guidance provided by the United Nations (COP21), EU guidelines (Clean 
Energy Package) and the objectives set out in the National Energy and Climate Plan (Piano Nazionale 
Italiano Energia e Clima), Terna has stepped up the pace of investment, focusing on development of the 
national transmission grid in order to facilitate the integration of renewable sources and improve the 
system’s security. At the same time, it intends to renew the Group’s asset base in order to mitigate the 
risk of interruptions to supply, boost environmental sustainability, and improve the performance of 
maintenance activities through the use of digital grid technologies, all to the benefit of the quality of 
the electricity service. The Clean Energy Package targets have been revised upwards with the 
publication at the end of 2019 of the Green Deal, aimed at transforming the European Union into a net 
zero emissions economy by 2050. For 2030 the Green Deal aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
of at least 55 per cent. compared to 1990 levels. This translates in more ambitious national targets, in 
particular in renewable electricity generation (+60/70 GW of new renewable capacity in 2030, with an 
installation rate of about 6-8 GW/year when to date it is around 1 GW/y). In the wake of these new 
ambitions, on 19 November 2020 the “Driving Energy” Industrial Plan for the period 2021-2025 was 
presented by the CEO and General Manager, Stefano Antonio Donnarumma. The plan provided 
approximately 9 billion euros of investments in the National Transmission System in five years and has 
been updated in March 2022 with an upward revision of Terna's efforts and investments (+7 per cent. 
in Domestic Regulated Capex) in order to address the new challenges and the growing pace of the 
energy transition more effectively. 
In order to optimise and integrate dispatching with long-term planning activities, on the one hand, and 
to maximise the operational efficiency of design, implementation, operations and maintenance, on the 
other hand, Terna has adopted an organisational structure with two key areas. Both areas report directly 
to the Chief Executive Officer: one being the System Operator, embodied in the “Grid Development 
Strategies & Dispatching” division, the other being the Transmission Operator of the National 
Transmission Grid. 
In August 2018, the partial demerger of Terna Plus and the transfer of the demerged assets to a newly 
established company, named Terna Energy Solutions (as defined below), came into effect. The latter’s 
business is focused on Non-Regulated Activities and energy solutions activities. Terna Plus was 
originally responsible for the Group’s development and plant construction activities in South America, 
and more generally for the development of new businesses around the world. 
On 29 February 2020, as part of the growth strategy for Non-Regulated Activities, Terna, acting through 
its subsidiary, Terna Energy Solutions (as defined below), completed the acquisition of a 90 per cent.

--- Page 149 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
149 
 
 
 
interest in Brugg Kabel AG (Brugg Kabel), one of Europe’s leading manufacturers of terrestrial cables. 
Then, in March 2021 Brugg Kabel split into three different entities in order to better meet the needs of 
the business, with Brugg Kabel Services AG being the holding company of Brugg Kabel Manufacturing 
AG and Brugg Kabel. See the section "Terrestrial Cables – Brugg Group" on page 120 of the Terna 
Annual Report 2021. 
On 22 May 2020, the Company established SEleNe CC S.A. (SEleNe), a joint venture among Terna 
and other European TSOs. The company will operate as a Regional Security Coordinator, in accordance 
with European Regulation 2017/1485, for the TSOs who own shares in it. 
On 11 August 2020, Terna, acting through its subsidiary, Terna Plus, completed the transaction with 
Construtora Quebec that has led to the acquisition of a 51 per cent. interest in the Brazilian-registered 
company, SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde I S.A. On 9 September 2020, a further interest 
was acquired, increasing the Group’s interest to 75 per cent. In relation to a similar project with the 
aforementioned Construtora Quebec, Terna, acting through its subsidiary, Terna Plus acquired an 
interest in the SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde II S.A, that as of May 2021 was more than 99 
per cent.. 
In execution of the agreement signed on 29 April 2022 with CDPQ (a global investment group), on 7 
November 2022 Terna Group’s companies Terna Plus S.r.l. and Terna Chile completed the first closing 
for the sale to CDPQ of the companies “SPE Santa Maria Transmissora de Energia S.A.”, “SPE Santa 
Lucia Transmissora de Energia S.A.” and “SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde II S.A.”, that 
own three power lines in Brazil for a total of 670 km, and on 12 December 2022, TERNA S.p.A. 
completed the second closing for the sale to CDPQ of the Difebal S.A., the company that holds a power 
line in Uruguay, for a total of 214 km. 
On 20 November 2020, Terna and the joint venture, SEleNe, established ESPERIA-CC S.r.l., a 
subsidiary as a result of its corporate governance structure, despite Terna holding a 1 per cent. interest 
and SEleNe a 99 per cent. interest. The company provides support services for dispatching activities (in 
accordance with European Regulations 2017/1485, 2015/1222 and 2019/943), but is not included 
among companies that carry out regulated activities which are, therefore, regulated by ARERA. 
On 1 December 2020, Terna acquired partial interest in Equigy B.V. (Equigy), a limited liability 
company registered in the Netherlands and jointly controlled by Terna and the other TSOs who hold its 
shares. The investment represents a joint operation under IFRS 11 – Joint Arrangements. 
On 17 March 2021, Terna has awarded the tender for the total amount of €360 million for new 
substations across the entire Italian territory. The 22 firms awarded the contracts, in the form of 
Temporary Joint Ventures, are all Italian and highly specialised for the complexity of the works. The 
tender procedure was carried out in accordance with current legislation on contracts for special sectors 
and assigned 5 batches from the electromechanical and civil works to the 22 winning firms (6 from the 
North of Italy, 10 from the Centre, 6 from the South). In particular, the tender procedure is part of the 
performance of the activities provided for in Terna’s 2021-2025 Industrial Plan and aims to enable, also 
such as during the COVID-19 crisis, an efficient and secure resumption of the production of small and 
medium-sized companies in the sector, in support of the economic recovery of the entire industrial 
supply chain involved and therefore of the country. 
On 16 July 2021, Terna announced the launch of its first euro commercial paper programme for 
issuances of notes and ESG notes. Such programme has a duration of 3 years, a maximum amount equal 
to Euro 1,000,000,000 and is STEP compliant. Furthermore, the commercial paper will be designated 
as “ESG Notes”, for so long as Terna would achieve and maintain an award in the S&P Sustainability 
Yearbook in the electric utilities sector equal to, or higher than, Top 10% Global ESG Score.

--- Page 150 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
150 
 
 
 
On 18 October 2021, Terna announced its inclusion in the MIB 40 ESG, the first Italian blue-chip index 
dedicated to environmental, social and governance (ESG) best practices. This new index integrates 
ESG impacts into the measurement of economic performance in line with the principles of the United 
Nations Global Compact and bases the selection of companies on the outcome of the periodic 
assessment conducted by the ESG rating agency, Moody’s ESG. Following the periodical index 
rebalances, Terna has always been reconfirmed within the MIB 40 ESG; the same applies to other 
significant ESG indices which Terna is included in, such as, for instance, Dow Jones Sustainability 
Index, Stoxx Global ESG Leaders Index, Euronext Vigeo Indices, FTSE4Good Index.. 
On 18 October 2021, Terna, through its subsidiary, Terna Energy Solutions (as defined below), has 
signed an agreement to acquire 75 per cent. of LT Group. This has created the first national operator in 
the O&M sector for photovoltaic systems, with currently about 1,200 MW under management. The 
parent company LT S.r.l. is one of the main Italian operators in the maintenance of photovoltaic systems 
and is also active in the design and execution of revamping and repowering projects for existing systems 
as well as in the construction of new systems for third parties. 
On 30 November 2021, Terna signed two framework contracts for the supply and installation of 
submarine and underground cables related to the Tyrrhenian Link with Prysmian Powerlink and Nexans 
Norway (in association with Roda and Mive), leading companies in the energy cables and systems 
industry. The project provides for the realization of up to four high-voltage direct current (HVDC) 
submarine cables. The two framework contracts have a maximum value of €1.7 billion as regards 
Prysmian and €664 million for Nexans. 
As communicated to the market on 29 April 2022, Terna Group signed an agreement with Caisse de 
Dépôt et Placement du Québec (CDPQ), a global investment group, for the sale of Terna Group’s 
portfolio of power transmission assets in Brazil, Peru and Uruguay, for an equity value of over 265 
million euros (as better detailed in paragraph “Recent Events” below). Transaction closing, due to take 
place in phases, took place for the most part in the second half of the 2023. On 7 November 2022, the 
first transaction closing for the Brazilian companies, “SPE Santa Maria Transmissora de Energia S.A.”, 
“SPE Santa Lucia Transmissora de Energia S.A.” and “SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde II 
S.A.”, owners of three power lines in Brazil, totalling 670 km, was completed. The value of the assets 
being sold (the equity value) was more than €145 million. On 22 December 2022, the transaction closing 
for Difebal S.A., the owner of a power line in Uruguay totalling 214 km, was completed. The equity 
value of the transaction was more than €27 million. Both transaction closings are in line with the 
agreement (as better detailed in the paragraph “Recent Events” below).  
In October 2022, Terna, through Terna USA LLC, a company fully owned by its subsidiary Terna Plus, 
signed a partnership agreement with Meridiam and Boundless Energy to develop joint initiatives in the 
United States in the field of power grids.  
In November 2022 Terna Forward, entirely controlled by Terna, was established with the aim of 
identifying the best technology and innovation opportunities for the benefit of the other Group 
companies. 
The 2023 Development Plan for the National Transmission Grid (NTG) sets out the following key 
goals, with over €21 billion to be invested in the ten years from 2023 to 2032: (i) enabling the 
achievement of the targets contained in the EU’s Fit for 55 package, (ii) facilitating the integration of 
renewable sources, (iii) developing overseas interconnectors, (iv) boosting the level of security and 
resilience of the electricity system and (v) investing in digitalisation of the grid. 
The commitment to developing the power grid can also be seen from the projects consented to in 2023, 
amounting to investment of over €3 billion.

--- Page 151 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
151 
 
 
 
The undersea electricity connection between the island of Elba and Piombino, in which Terna invested 
€90 million, and the Italy-Austria interconnector, built at a cost of €80 million, have entered service in 
2023, facilitating the development of renewable energy and boosting the security of the European 
electricity network. 
In 2023, Terna and Société Tunisienne de l’Electricité et du Gaz (“Steg”), the Tunisian electricity and 
gas company, entered into the Grant Agreement that will see the EU Commission providing financing 
of €307 million for the Elmed electricity interconnector between Italy and Tunisia, with the total 
investment expected to be approximately €850 million. 
In 2023, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security gave the green light for the West Section 
(Sicily-Sardinia) of the Tyrrhenian Link, a direct current submarine cable between Sardinia, Sicily and 
Campania; the final design for Sa.Co.I.3, the submarine cable that will connect Sardinia, Corsica and 
Tuscany; and, in early 2024, the Adriatic Link, the submarine power line that will connect the Marche 
and Abruzzo regions. 
On March 29, 2023, LT S.r.l. acquired the entire corporate capital of Omnia S.r.l., an Italian company 
operating in the field of photovoltaic plants O&M. Omnia was then merged by incorporation into LT 
S.r.l. at the end of 2023. 
In 2023, Terna acquires a 100% stake in Edyna Transmission S.r.l. (renamed Rete Nord S.r.l.). The 
company owns two electricity substations and approximately 70 km of circuits in Alto Adige already 
part of the NTG. A strategic transaction that will unify Italy’s electricity transmission infrastructure. 
Over the past year, Terna has launched the issue of two green bonds. The first, in July 2023, is worth 
€650 million and with a 10-year term; the second, a hybrid perpretual bond worth €850 million, was 
launched in April 2024. The market showed a strong appetite for the bonds, with the issue in both 
instances approximately four times oversubscribed. 
In March 2024 Terna has published its new Industrial Plan 2024-2028 with total investment for 
regulated activities for around €15.5 billion. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Terna is the parent company of the Terna Group. 
The structure of the Terna Group includes, as of 17 May 2024, the following companies: 
SUBSIDIARIES 
• 
Terna Rete Italia S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as TRI S.p.A.), 
• 
Rete S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete S.r.l.), 
• 
Terna Forward S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Forward), 
• 
Terna Plus S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Plus) which includes the following 
subsidiaries: 
○ 
Terna Chile, 
○ 
SPE Transmissora de energia Linha Verde I S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Linha 
Verde I),

--- Page 152 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
152 
 
 
 
○ 
Terna Peru S.A.C. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Peru), 
○ 
Terna 4 Chacas S.A.C. (hereinafter referred to as Terna 4 Chacas), 
○ 
Terna USA L.L.C. (hereinafter referred to as Terna USA), 
• 
Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Energy Solutions) which 
includes the following subsidiaries: 
○ 
LT S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as LT), which includes the following subsidiary: 
■ 
Halfbridge Automation S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Halfbridge 
Automation, together with LT hereinafter referred to as the LT Group), 
○ 
Avvenia the Energy Innovator S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as ATEI), 
○ 
Tamini Trasformatori S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Tamini) which includes the 
following subsidiaries: 
■ 
Tamini Transformers USA L.L.C. (hereinafter referred to as Tamini 
Transformers USA), 
■ 
Tamini Trasformatori India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as Tamini 
Asia, together with Tamini and Tamini Transformers USA hereinafter referred 
to as Tamini Group), 
○ 
Brugg Kabel Services AG which includes the following subsidiaries: 
■ 
Brugg Kabel Manufacturing AG which includes the following subsidiary: 
■ 
Brugg Cables Italia S.r.l. 
■ 
Brugg Kabel AG which includes the following subsidiaries (together with the 
above Brugg companies hereinafter referred to as Brugg Kabel or the Brugg 
Kabel Group):  
■ 
Brugg Kabel GmbH (hereinafter referred to as Brugg 
Germany), 
■ 
Brugg Cables (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as 
Brugg Shanghai), which includes the following subsidiary: 
■ 
Brugg Cables (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred 
to as Brugg Suzhou), 
■ 
Brugg Cables (India) Pvt., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Brugg 
India) 
■ 
Brugg Cables Inc. (USA) (hereinafter referred to as Brugg 
USA), 
■ 
Brugg Cables Company Saudi Arabia (KSA) (hereinafter 
referred to as Brugg KSA),

--- Page 153 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
153 
 
 
 
■ 
Brugg Cables Middles East (ME) Contracting LLC (hereinafter 
referred to as Brugg ME), 
• 
Terna Interconnector S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Interconnector), 
• 
Terna Crna Gora d.o.o. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Crna Gora), 
• 
Electricity Service Provider Entity Region Italia - Coordination Center S.r.l. or ESPERIA-CC 
S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as ESPERIA-CC). 
JOINT CONTROLLED 
• 
ELMED Etudes S.a.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Elmed), 
• 
SOUTHEAST ELECTRICITY NETWORK COORDINATION CENTER S.A. or SEleNe CC 
S.A., (hereinafter referred to as SEleNe), 
• 
BMT Energy Transmission Development LCC (hereinafter referred to as BMT), 
• 
WESII S.R.L. (hereinafter referred to as WESII), 
AFFILIATES 
• 
CESI S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as CESI), 
• 
CGES A.D. (hereinafter referred to as CGES), 
• 
CORESO S.A. (hereinafter referred to as CORESO), 
• 
Equigy B.V. 
ISSUER’S BUSINESS 
The Terna Group’s identified operating segments are described below: 
• 
Regulated; 
• 
Non-Regulated; and 
• 
International. 
The Regulated segment includes the development, operation and maintenance of the National 
Transmission Grid, in addition to dispatching and metering, and the activities involved in the 
construction of storage systems. These activities have been included in one operating segment, as they 
are all regulated by ARERA and have similar characteristics, in terms of the remuneration model and 
the method for setting the related tariffs. 
The Non-Regulated segment includes activities and specific business initiatives, above all relating to 
Equipment activities, which includes the operating results of the Tamini Group, relating essentially to 
the construction and commercialisation of electrical machinery, above all power transformers, and the 
Brugg Kabel Group, which operates in the terrestrial cable sector, specialising in the design, 
development, construction, installation and maintenance of electrical cables of all voltages and 
accessories for high-voltage cables.

--- Page 154 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
154 
 
 
 
This segment includes also initiatives linked above all to the provision of services to Third Parties in 
the areas of Energy Solutions, consisting of the development of technical solutions and the supply of 
innovative services, including EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) services, operation 
and maintenance of high-voltage and very high-voltage infrastructure and the supply of energy 
efficiency services (broadly attributable to the subsidiary Avvenia The Energy Innovator S.r.l.) and PV 
Services (EPC, revamping, repowering and O&M) for Third Parties (broadly attributable to the 
subsidiary LT). 
This segment then includes Connectivity (mainly housing services for fibre networks and dark IRU 
contracts for fibre) and the activities carried out in relation to the private interconnectors launched by 
Law 99/2009, legislation that assigned Terna responsibility for selecting undertakings (the “selected 
undertakings”), on the basis of public tenders, willing to finance specific cross-border interconnectors 
in exchange for the benefits resulting from a decree granting a third-party access exemption with regard 
to the transmission capacity provided by the new infrastructure. 
The International segment derives from the opportunities for international expansion, which the Terna 
Group aims to exploit by leveraging its core competencies developed in Italy as a TSO, where such 
competencies are of significant importance in its home country. Overseas investment focuses on 
countries with stable political and regulatory regimes and a need to develop their electricity 
infrastructure. This segment includes the results of the subsidiary Terna Plus S.r.l., the Peruvian 
company, Terna 4 Chacas S.A.C. (a charitable project), the Chilean company, Terna Chile S.p.A. and 
the US subsidiary, Terna USA LLC. The results of the Brazilian company, Linha Verde I S.A., and of 
the Peruvian company, Terna Peru S.A.C., have been reclassified to “Profit/(Loss) from discontinued 
operations and assets held for sale”.  
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (APMs) 
In accordance with the ESMA/2015/1415 guidelines, Terna Group uses Alternative Performance 
Measures which management considers useful in assessing the performance of the Group, and 
representative of the business’s operating results and financial position. 
EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit) 
EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit/(loss)) is an indicator of operating performance obtained by adding 
“Amortisation, depreciation and impairment losses” to Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT). 
EBIT (Operating profit/(loss)) is an indicator of operating performance obtained by adding Net financial 
income/(expenses) to Profit/(Loss) before tax. 
The following table sets forth the calculation of EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit) for the years ended 
on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and for the quarters ended on 31 March 2024 and  
31 March 2023, respectively: 
 
Data in million euros 
2023 
2022 
Q1 2024 Q1 2023 
per 
cent. 
Change 
(years 
2022-
2023) 
per 
cent. 
Change 
(Q1 
2023-
2024)

--- Page 155 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
155 
 
 
 
EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit) 
2,168.6 
2,059.2 
627.9 
500.0 
5.3 per 
cent. 
25.6 per 
cent 
Amortisation, depreciation and 
impairment losses 
806.3 
 725.7  
209.2 
186.6 
11.1 per 
cent. 
12.1 per 
cent 
EBIT (Operating Profit) 
1,362.3 
1,333.5 
418.7 
313.4 
2.2 per 
cent. 
33.6 per 
cent 
Net financial expenses 
(117.7)  (100.1)  (36.5) 
(32.1) 
17.6 per 
cent. 
13.7 per 
cent 
Income tax expenses 
364.3 
355.4 
111.6 
81.3 
2.5 per 
cent. 
37.3 per 
cent 
Profit for the period 
882.8 
857.7 
267.6 
199.5 
2.9 per 
cent. 
34.1 per 
cent 
Profit/(Loss) attributable to non-
controlling interests 
(2.6) 
0.7 
(0.6) 
(0.7) 
- per 
cent. 
(14.3) 
per cent 
Profit for the period attributable to 
owners of the parent 
885.4 
857.0 
268.2 
200.2 
3.3 per 
cent. 
34.0 per 
cent 
Regulated Activities 
The Terna Group’s main Regulated Activities are the transmission and dispatching of electricity in 
Italy. Terna performs these activities in its role as the Italian TSO (Transmission System Operator) and 
ISO (Independent System Operator), under a monopoly arrangement and a government concession. 
Electricity Transmission 
Terna operates Italy’s high and very-high-voltage national transmission grid (NTG) one of the most 
modern and technologically advanced in Europe. Planning for development of the NTG, the 
performance of construction services and the maintenance of electricity infrastructure are the three areas 
of responsibility included in the regulated electricity transmission business. 
The Terna Group adopts a sustainable approach throughout every stage of the process. This takes the 
form of transparency in managing the Terna Group’s social and relationship capital through engagement 
with the stakeholders directly affected by the Terna Group’s development initiatives, with a view to 
building awareness of the importance of delivering the planned new electricity infrastructure. 
In respect of the planning process of the national electricity grid, the analysis of the state of the current 
and future, taking into account the evolution of the energy context, enables Terna to identify critical 
issues and development opportunities and, consequently, to plan the new projects required to ensure the 
adequacy of the electrical system (meeting the electricity demand even in the medium and in the long 
term), to increase the security of supply, service quality and continuity, to facilitate renewables (RES) 
integration and to improve the market efficiency by reducing congestion and ancillary services cost. 
The new projects to be carried out are included in the National Transmission Grid Development Plan 
(NTG Development Plan), which sets out the grid development initiatives envisaged over the next ten 
years, as well as the state of progress of the development works planned in previous years. The NTG

--- Page 156 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
156 
 
 
 
Development Plan is submitted to the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security (MASE) for 
approval. Law Decree no. 76 of 16 July 2020 (article 60, paragraph 3) requires Terna to prepare the 
NTG Development Plan every two years instead of annually. The approval process also includes a 
public consultation of the NTG Development Plan by ARERA. The approval process also includes 
adoption by the Ministry for the Ecological Transition (MiTE) in agreement with the Ministry of the 
Culture (MiC) of the final opinion relating to the Strategic Environmental Assessment procedure (SEA) 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 152/06. 
In addition, the NTG Development Plan contains all the investments that Terna is committed to carrying 
out in order to guarantee the efficiency of the grid, the security of supply and of the service and the 
integration of production from renewable sources in keeping with the objectives identified in the 
National Integrated Plan for Energy and Climate (PNIEC), published at national level by the Italian 
Government at the end of 2019. 
The investments in development of the grid are subject to a prior cost-benefit analysis, comparing the 
related expenditure with the resulting benefits, expressed in monetary terms, resulting from its 
implementation, and calculated according to a methodology developed in agreement with ARERA. 
Connecting new plants 
Terna engages in connecting all potential users requesting connection to the grid, identifying connection 
solutions in terms of criteria that guarantee the continuity and safe operation of the grid to which an 
applicant’s new plant will be connected. In particular, Terna is responsible for high and very high 
voltage connections to the NTG of plants with a capacity of 10 MW or more. With respect to renewable 
connection request (wind and solar). As of 31 March 2024, Terna handles around 5,700 applications 
for connection to the grid in relation to future or existing initiatives. More than 4,800 applications for 
connection with released general minimum technical solution, relating in particular to the connection 
of plants using renewable energy sources (RES) to the NTG and representing total capacity of more 
than 275 GW, are in progress. 
2023 Development Plan  
The 2023 Development Plan was submitted to the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security on 
27 January 2023, following its approval by Terna’s Board of Directors on 25 January, in line with the 
requirements of Legislative Decree 93/11, as amended by Law 120/2020, and then published on 15 
March 2023.  
On 7 August 2023, the regulator, ARERA, began the consultation on Terna’s 2023 Development Plan. 
On 2 October, the public session arranged to present and discuss the 2023 Development Plan was held 
at ARERA’s offices in Milan. Terna responded to the observations made by the various parties involved. 
The consultation process came to a conclusion on 16 October 2023. 
During the consultation phase, several questions/requests for further information on many topics were 
asked by the operators (e.g., description of the main impacts of updated policy scenarios for grid 
development; new national guidelines for RES distribution and the impact on infrastructure 
developments; and Hypergrid approval process). Terna has prepared response documentation discussed 
during public session. As result of consultation process, it is currently awating ARERA's expression of 
its opinion on the NDP 2023.  
This 2023 Development Plan, which follows on from the previous version of 2021, approved by 
Ministerial Decree 435 of 22 December 2023, and the related Summary Statement, has been drawn up 
at a particular time in history when issues surrounding energy provision are even more the focus of

--- Page 157 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
157 
 
 
 
attention. In a period of rapid geopolitical upheaval, the energy system is faced with a series of 
unprecedented and highly ambitious challenges. 
Against this backdrop, Terna must design a grid capable of handling progressive decarbonisation and 
the growing integration of renewables, whilst at the same time the efficiency and security of supply. 
The 2023 Development Plan must guarantee the sustainable development of the National Transmission 
Grid (NTG), by enabling the implementation of RES, and supporting the energy transition and the 
phase-out of coal. It contains the investments that Terna is committed to carrying out in order to 
guarantee the efficiency of the grid, the security of supply and of the service and the integration of 
production from renewable sources, in line with the goals set in the Fit-for-55 package and included in 
the 2022 Scenario Description Document (a 55% cut in CO2 emissions by 2030 compared with 1990 
levels and a share of final consumption met from renewable energy sources of at least 65%). 
To achieve these challenging objectives, in addition to the projects previously included in the 2021 
Development Plan, the 2023 Development Plan envisages the launch of innovative initiatives as part of 
the Hypergrid project, amounting to approximately €11 billion, to meet future targets. This marks an 
increase and acceleration in investment for the benefit of the country, with total capital expenditure over 
the life of the Plan from 2023 to 2032 up at an all-time high of over €21 billion. 
Hypergrid projects, marking the principal addition to the Plan, are innovative projects that will exploit 
HVDC technologies to achieve energy transition and security objectives: in brief, Terna aims to carry 
out a major programme of modernisation of existing power lines forming the country’s eastern and 
western backbones, extending them to include the southern regions and the islands, accompanied by 
new 500kV submarine connections. This will boost the lines’ performance, reducing their 
environmental impact to a minimum and transferring a growing amount of renewable energy generated 
in southern Italy to areas where demand is highest in the north. 
Security and Resilience  
The National Electricity System Security Protection Plan (the “Security Plan”) is a four-year 
programme of interventions to protect the security of the electricity system. Prepared by Terna pursuant 
to Law No. 290 of 27 October 2003, the Security Plan is submitted to the Ministry of Environment and 
Energy Security for approval by 31 May of each year. The Plan addresses and guides the energy and 
climate transition process, guaranteeing high standards of secury and adequacy of the electricity system. 
In particular, the Security Plan includes measures to regulate the system’s voltage and the dynamic 
stability, to manage the dispatching system, to adapt the control and protection systems, and to increase 
the physical and cyber security of grid infrastructure. Attached to Security Plan, there is the Resilience 
Plan, a plan completely dedicated to the increase of the resilience of the Italian high voltage electricity 
grid, based on the Resilience Methodology, Annex A76 of the Grid Code. In particular, Resilience Plan 
includes infrastructure interventions as well as grid mitigation, reinforcement and monitoring to 
enhance the grid’s resilience in severe weather events, such as strong wind and ice/snow. 
Infrastructure Maintenance 
Maintenance of electricity grid infrastructure is essential in order to guarantee quality of service, 
security of the assets managed and extension of their useful lives. These operations are carried out by 
Terna mainly on condition, but the Company is developing and testing a portfolio of projects for a 
predictive approach on some maintenance activities. The tools used to support maintenance activities 
are subject to continuous innovation. In particular, the maintenance engineering “engine” is the expert 
decision support system (DSS) called MBI (Monitoring and Business Intelligence) whose engineering 
models are continuously updated. It is important to underline that the company is procuring a new 
enterprise asset management platform to have an even more advanced DSS for the entire asset

--- Page 158 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
158 
 
 
 
management process. Terna is working on a new platform, Enterprise Asset Management, which will 
allow it to optimise the organisation’s asset management throughout the assets’ life cycle post entry 
into service. The platform will allow the company to optimise: management of the asset registry; 
management of the catalogues of activities, malfunctions, policies (including diagnostic and calculation 
models for eligibility indicators) and the list of work methods in line with Asset Management processes 
(AM); the planning and technical-financial accounting for the Asset Management Plan and AM 
programmes. For scheduling and execution of operations (WFM – Work Force Management) software 
is used, and aerial inspection techniques for the electricity grid have now been consolidated. Terna has, 
for many years, participated in international benchmarking for the sector, with the aim of sharing best 
maintenance practices. It has consistently ranked as one of the best TSOs in terms of fault rates and the 
efficiency of its maintenance process. 
The operation and maintenance activities include all the grid monitoring initiatives designed to assess 
the condition of a specific high-voltage power line or substation component during its life cycle, by 
measuring, observing or testing its functionality (known as "grid monitoring") as well as the actions 
performed on the National Transmission Grid and its components in order to preserve or to restore their 
effective and proper operation without making changes to their technical or functional characteristics 
(known as “routine maintenance”) or to renew or to extend the useful life of any component by making 
changes to its technical (but not functional) characteristics (known as “extraordinary maintenance”). 
In particular, repairs are carried out when signs of deterioration are identified as a result of the 
monitoring process or by on-line sensors. These indications and any problems identified are processed 
by the expert system used to support decision-making MBI. The outcomes of the engineering models 
are used to draw up the operation and maintenance plan designed to ensure that assets continue to be fit 
for purpose over time.  
In addition, Terna put in place a renewal plan, which is based on an analytical method that, starting 
from consistent, objective technical criteria, identifies and evaluates extraordinary maintenance works 
assessing the state of repair and technical status of line components and substation equipment, using a 
priority clustering approach with the aim of improving the quality of the electricity service and 
prolonging the useful lives of assets. Renewal work is associated with three types of benefit: 
- 
Sustainability: 
- 
Environmental quality: introduction of more eco-friendly assets that are environmentally 
sustainable. These include, for example, investment in vegetable-oil transformers, extruded 
cables and certain types of cable terminals, technical adjustments to lines/underground 
cables and the replacement of current and voltage transformers; 
- 
Service quality: solutions to improve the reliability of assets, based on asset management 
analysis (designed to assess the asset’s technical conditions). By improving their reliability, 
the works reduce the Health Index score and the risk of outages. These include, for example, 
investments in the renewal of lines, the RIGEL (Reduction of Power Line Failures) 
programme and substation renewal (equipment and machinery). 
- 
Innovation and digitalisation: 
- 
Quality of the O&M process: the introduction of new solutions and technologies to 
increase the effectiveness of the operating and maintenance process. These include, for 
example, investments in the new digital control system for substations, online diagnostics 
for substation equipment, cable monitoring and functional separations.

--- Page 159 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
159 
 
 
 
- 
Resilience:  
- 
Strengthening the grid’s ability to withstand the effects of the snow risk, the exposure of 
lines to hydrogeological risk and substation exposure to seismic risk. These include, for 
example, investment in ice/snow line resilience, ice/snow substation resilience, 
hydrogeological risk resilience for power lines and substation resilience to exposure to 
seismic risk. 
Dispatching of electricity 
“Dispatching” is the set of activities necessary to ensure that there is a balance between supply and 
demand in the National Electricity System. The high degree of complexity and coordination necessary 
to guarantee the correct operation of the system require the presence of a central coordinator, the 
provider of the dispatching service. This coordinator has control over a high number of both  
supply-side and demand-side players, and in the last few years also over production from non-
programmable renewable sources. Except in specific and limited circumstances, electricity cannot be 
stored. Therefore, it is necessary to produce – moment by moment – the amount of energy required by 
all consumers (households and companies) and to manage its transmission so that supply and demand 
are always balanced, thus guaranteeing the continuity and security of the electricity supply. Terna 
manages these energy flows through the grid via dispatching activities. Dispatching includes planning 
for the unavailability of the grid and of production plants over different timeframes, forecasting national 
demand for electricity, comparing demand for consistency with planned production in the free energy 
market (the Power Exchange and over-the-counter contracts), the acquisition of resources for 
dispatching and monitoring power transfers for all the power lines that make up the grid. 
This area of operation also includes management of the Ancillary Services Market and Balancing 
Market (MSD), through which the resources for dispatching services are procured. In particular the 
Ancillary Services Market is controlled by the Market Operation Center which provides to ensure that 
the National Electricity System has the resources to be balanced in each moment. Otherwise the “real-
time” control of the National Electricity System is ensured by the National Control Centre, the nerve 
centre for Italy’s National Electricity System, which coordinates the other centres around the country, 
monitors the system and dispatches electricity. The Centre intervenes, by issuing instructions to 
producers and Remote Centres, in order to modify supply and capacity on the grid. To avoid the risk of 
prolonged power outages, it may also intervene in an emergency to reduce demand.

--- Page 160 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
160 
 
 
 
Starting from 23 September 2019, the historical series of national accounts, based on the European 
System of Accounts (ESA 2010), have been revised in coordination with Eurostat and with most of the 
EU countries. For this reason, the historical GDP series has been updated. 
Business relations with electricity service operators 
 
In providing the public electricity transmission and dispatching services operated by Terna under 
concession, Terna maintains business relations with various categories of operator, including: 
 
- 
dispatching users (producers, wholesalers or end customers) with regard to the provision of 
dispatching services; and 
 
- 
distribution companies and other private grid operators in relation to transmission and 
aggregate metering, required with regard to regulate the dispatching service. 
In addition, as part of dispatching activities, as the sole counterparty, Terna procures the resources 
needed to meet requirements and to guarantee a reserve margin on the MSD. In 2023, transactions on 
the DSM amounted to approximately €750 million. 
Since 2017, Terna is also responsible for the settlement of amounts due to and from balancing service 
providers (BSPs) that provide services on the Dispatching Services Market (DSM), as part of pilot 
projects launched by Terna in accordance with ARERA resolution 300/2017, including the Mixed 
Enabled Virtual Units (UVAM) project. In particular, as part of the latter project, Terna procured 
forward balancing resources totalling 358 MW from 13 BSPs. 
 
In addition, for dispatching services purposes, Terna checks the consistency between the final 
programmes of operators (producers and consumers) with the amounts that have actually been 
withdrawn from/input into the grid. Any deviations represent so-called “imbalances”, the value of 
which entails invoicing the related energy imbalance prices to the individual parties responsible for the 
imbalance costs. This is done in order to cover the costs generated for the system as a result of their 
conduct. 
 
Further categories of operator with whom Terna trades include applicants who have requested 
connection of their plants to the NTG (producers and consumers) and interruptible users, namely 
customers who are willing to have their electricity supply suspended. Terna signs contracts with these 
operators regarding the interruptibility service, which is required for the secure operation of the 
electricity system, and especially with the aim of mitigating the risk of widespread power outages. 
Participants in the interruptibility service numbered 146 in 2023, accounting for 4.553 MW of power. 
The related annual cost amounts to approximately €357,3 million (of which €23,1 million for 
secondments). 
 
Since 2022, Terna is responsible for the settlement of amounts due to and from capacity market 
operators. This mechanism allows Terna to procure capacity, through long-term contracts awarded 
through competitive auctions, in order to guarantee the adequacy of the system. 
 
The operators participating to the auction have the obligation to offer capacity on energy and service 
markets at a price not greater than a strike price set by ARERA and the right to receive a fixed annual 
bonus from Terna. 
Terna Group’s Grid 
A general overview of the number of NTG owned by the Terna Group is reported in the table below:

--- Page 161 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
161 
 
 
 
 
DETAILS OF ELECTRICAL SUBSTATIONS OWNED BY THE TERNA GROUP (23) 
 
  
  
Unit  
of 
measurement 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
∆ 
∆% 
380 kV 
  
Substations 
No. 
171 
168 
3 
1.79 % 
Power transformed 
  MVA 
128,447  
123,288 
5,159 
4.18 % 
220 kV 
  
 
 
Substations 
No. 
152  
150 
2 
1.33% 
Power transformed 
  MVA 
34,530  
34,503 
27 
0.08 % 
Lower voltages (≤150kV) 
  
 
 
Substations 
No. 
587  
583 
4 
0.69% 
Transformed power 
  MVA 
4,573  
4,489 
84 
1.87 % 
Total 
  
 
 
Substations 
No. 
910  
901 
9 
1.00 % 
Transformed power 
  MVA 
167,550  
162,280 
5,270 
3.25 % 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
DETAILS OF POWER LINES OWNED BY THE TERNA GROUP (23) 
 
  
  
Unit of 
measurement 
31/12/2023 
31/12/202
2 
∆ 
∆% 
380 kV 
 
 
Circuit length 
km 
13,029  
12,911 
118 
0.91 % 
Line length 
  
km 
11,848  
11,730 
119 
1.01 % 
220 kV 
  
 
 
Circuit length 
km 
11,936  
11,871 
65 
0.54 % 
Line length 
  
km 
9,525  
9,496 
30 
0.31 % 
Lower voltages (≤150kV) 
  
 
 
Circuit length 
km 
50,180  
50,128 
48 
0.10% 
Line length 
  
km 
46,951  
46,880 
68 
0.14 % 
Total 
  
 
 
Circuit length 
km 
75,144  
74,910 
231 
0.31 % 
Aerial 
km 
70,865  
70,831 
35 
0.05 % 
Underground cable 
km 
2,483  
2,317 
192 
8.30 % 
Undersea cable 
  
km 
1,796  
1,762 
4 
0.21 % 
Line Length 
km 
68,325  
68,105 
216 
0.32 % 
Aerial 
km 
64,046  
64,026 
20 
0.03 % 
Underground cable 
km 
2,483  
2,317 
192 
8.30 % 
Undersea cable 
  
km 
1,796  
1,762 
4 
0.21 % 
Proportion of DC connections (200-380-500kV) 
Circuits 
  
km 
2,535  
2,440 
  
  
 % of total 
% 
3.37%  
3.26% 
  
  
Lines 
  
km 
2,215  
2,120

--- Page 162 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
162 
 
 
 
 % of total 
% 
3.24%  
3.11% 
  
  
 
Operation and development of the National Transmission Grid 
Operation 
The operation of the National Transmission Grid is carried out by TRI S.p.A. through the National 
Control Centre, the Market Operation Centre and the local dispatching centres. 
(a) 
Plant management and control 
TRI S.p.A determines the configurations and the sequences for the switches, known as “breaker 
switches”, that connect the various components of the National Transmission Grid. TRI S.p.A 
is required to take all necessary actions to implement and maintain the configurations and 
sequences as applicable to the Terna Group’s Grid. TRI S.p.A. also determines the 
configurations and sequences for the switches for other National Transmission Grid owners. 
Furthermore, TRI S.p.A. defines the unavailability plans for the Terna Group’s Grid and 
coordinates the unavailability plans of the producers and other users of the National 
Transmission Grid with its own plans and with the ones of the other owners of the National 
Transmission Grid in accordance with criteria of security, reliability and efficiency as well as 
the maintenance of security, continuity of supply of electrical energy and cost control. 
(b) 
Response operations 
TRI S.p.A. is required to promptly respond to all hazardous conditions that arise from any 
failure or malfunction of any part of the Terna Group’s Grid and, if possible, rectify such failure 
or malfunction. 
(c) 
Temporary placement out of service for maintenance 
If a part of the Terna Group’s Grid is required to be temporarily taken out of service for 
maintenance or other projects, TRI S.p.A.’s specialist personnel (i) implements certain 
procedures to create safe conditions for maintenance or other projects to be conducted and (ii) 
implements procedures for resumption of service. 
TRI S.p.A. has currently three local integrated centres, named CCT, in Turin, Scorzè (Venice) 
and Naples for dispatching and operation activities. 
Development 
Terna and TRI S.p.A. also engage in development activities related to the expansion and the upgrade of 
the National Transmission Grid. Development activities for the National Transmission Grid include: 
• 
identification of network developments aimed at the resolution of the current criticalities of the 
National Transmission Grid as well as possible problems envisaged in future scenarios of load 
demand, generation and interconnection with other countries; 
• 
identification of network developments that offer benefits for the electrical system allowing 
greater use of more competitive generation plants limited in production for network 
bottlenecks;

--- Page 163 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
163 
 
 
 
• 
identification of network developments that allow renewable source integration into the 
decarbonisation scenario in accordance with National and European energy policy target; 
• 
costs/benefits analysis in order to quantify the benefits of network developments on the 
National Transmission Grid and to prioritize those that lead to greater benefits; 
• 
increasing the transmission capacity of the interconnections with foreign countries, with the 
aim of promoting the progressive integration of European markets; 
• 
increasing operating flexibility and resilience of transmission grid; 
• 
preventive environmental assessments so as to ensure that network developments are consistent 
with the maximum respect for the environment. 
The development activities for the National Transmission Grid concern mainly the planning, the design 
and the construction of projects. They are included in the National Transmission Development Plan, 
prepared every two years (Law Decree no. 76 of 16 July 2020 article 60, paragraph 3) in compliance 
with the Concession governed by the relevant Convention issued by Ministerial Decree on 15 December 
2010 (hereinafter referred to as the Concession; see also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” 
below) and the Legislative Decree 93/2011. 
Terna pays particular attention to national and European energy policy objectives, in terms of 
decarbonisation, market efficiency, security, resilience and sustainability. The main drivers 
characterizing the actions implemented by Terna to reach these goals related to the integration of 
renewable energy sources in the grid, support to electricity markets integration and ensuring security of 
supply while guaranteeing a sustainable grid development. 
Terna is part of ENTSO-E, the European Network of Transmission System Operators composed of 40 
European Transmission System Operators from 36 countries. ENTSO-E has been given legal mandates 
by the EU’s Third Energy Package, a legislative package for consolidating an Internal Energy market 
in the European Union issued in 2009. This mandate has been updated by the Clean Energy Package 
provisions in 2019 aimed at further liberalizing the gas and electricity markets in the EU. The main 
objectives of ENTSO-E are to set up the internal energy market and to ensure its optimal functioning, 
to promote reliable operation as well as optimal management and development of the European 
electricity transmission network. These are achieved through Pan-EU products, such as the non-binding 
European Ten-Years Network Development Plan (hereinafter referred to as TYNDP), which is the most 
comprehensive and up-to-date European-wide reference for the development of the transmission 
networks. TYNDP is updated every two years, the last edition 2022 was published on 15 December 
2022 for public consultation. TYNDP points to significant investments in the European power grid in 
order to help achieve the European energy policy goals. The TYNDP includes European investments 
in transmission infrastructures and monitors developments in the capacity of transmission networks to 
promptly identify possible gaps, particularly with regard to cross border capacities. According to 
ENTSO-E’s Annual Work Programmes the activities of the Association focus on several workflows 
(security of supply, functioning of the energy market, promotion of energy saving, promotion of the 
interconnection of energy networks), which generate new tasks for ENTSO-E (implementation of the 
Regional Coordination Centres – RCC, enhanced cooperation with distribution system operators, 
digitalisation of networks and development of demand response flexibility needs assessment). These 
activities are developed in line with the new climate policies previously set out by the European 
Commission with the launch of the so-called European Green Deal, a roadmap that seeks to make the 
EU the first climate-neutral continent by 2050, and with the recently issued Fit-for-55 Package, 
REPowerEU plan and EU Grid Action Plan. 
Major investments planned by Terna in the short-medium and long term are included in the TYNDP. 
This development plan recognizes the central and strategic position of Italy in the Mediterranean basin,

--- Page 164 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
164 
 
 
 
especially with reference to the integration of the Balkans and North Africa Power Systems in the EU 
Internal Energy Market. 
 
Terna is also a member of Med-TSO, the association that brings together the TSOs from 20 
Mediterranean countries, with the aim of promoting the coordinated development of their national 
network development plans and the harmonized management of the Mediterranean Power Systems. 
Med-TSO was established on 19 April 2012 in Rome as a technical platform that, using multilateral 
cooperation as a strategy of regional development, could facilitate the integration of the Mediterranean 
Power Systems and foster Security and Socio – economic Development in the Region. Terna hosts the 
association’s registered office and operational headquarters in Rome and currently expresses its 
Secretary General. 
 
Terna is member of GO15, the association gathering the 17 largest system operators of the world, 
holding its Presidency for 2022 and the Vice-Presidency for 2023. The association aims to cooperate 
and share best practices in the electricity transmission field this is done by putting together the different 
experiences of system operators managing complex energy systems that cover the entire globe. 
 
Other international associations participated by Terna are (i) RGI (Renewables Grid Initiative), an 
association consisting of 13 European TSOs and 14 environmental NGOs that fosters the integration of 
renewable energy sources through the development of electricity grids; (ii) CIGRE (Conseil 
International des Grands Réseaux Electriques), an international nonprofit association that undertakes 
Research and Development activities on High-Voltage grids; (iii) RES4Africa Foundation (Renewable 
Energy Solutions for Africa), a non-profit foundation promoting the use of renewable energy and the 
dissemination of energy efficiency measures, as well as supporting the creation of a favorable 
environment for renewable energy investment in the MENA region and in sub-Saharan Africa; and (iv) 
WEC Italia, the Italian national committee of the World Energy Council, an international organisation 
that brings together operators from over 90 countries, with the aim of promoting a sustainable energy 
system worldwide. 
Engineering, construction, operation and maintenance 
The gradual liberalisation regarding the production and sale of electricity in Italy has led to greater 
demand from independent power producers for services relating to the engineering, construction, 
operation and maintenance of high voltage and very high voltage networks and systems for connection 
to the National Transmission Grid. 
With reference to activities designed to increase the connection capacity of the National Transmission 
Grid with the electricity systems of neighbouring countries, the so-called “merchant lines”, the Decree 
of the Ministry of Productive Activities of October 2005 clarifies that concession owners may not 
participate in merchant lines, in compliance with EU Regulation 1228/2003. Terna will evaluate the 
possibility of contributing to certain merchant line initiatives as a general contractor. 
A further step towards defining opportunities within the sphere of non-traditional activities in Italy was 
the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (hereinafter referred to as the MoU) on 16 December 
2013 with several trade federations, in the presence of the Minister for Economic Development and of 
Confindustria. The MoU regards the construction and management of interconnection infrastructure 
with foreign countries (Interconnections or Interconnector) pursuant to article 32 of Italian Law 99/2009 
and aimed at providing a basis for negotiation for future agreements with the parties winning the tender 
procedures held by Terna in 2009 and 2010. For more details about the development of the Private 
Interconnectors see the section below. 
As part of the ongoing activities linked to the development of the electricity interconnector project 
between Italy and Tunisia (the Elmed project), on 22 October 2019, Terna and STEG, Tunisia’s state-

--- Page 165 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
165 
 
 
 
owned electrical utility, signed a memorandum of cooperation and a partnership agreement aimed at 
fostering reciprocal exchanges and collaboration in areas concerning electricity infrastructure, 
particularly focusing on the submarine interconnection. Specifically, the project foresees the 
construction of an undersea HVDC interconnection with a rated transmission capacity of 600 MW, 
spanning over 200 kilometres between the Partanna electrical substation (in the province of Trapani, 
Sicily) and the corresponding substation in the Cape Bon peninsula in Tunisia. The Tunisian JV between 
Terna and STEG, Elmed Etudes Sarl (Elmed Etudes), actively contributes to the development of the 
electricity interconnector project between Italy and Tunisia. Following two financing agreements 
granted by the World Bank to the Republic of Tunisia to provide technical assistance for the Tunisia-
Italy electricity interconnector, in January 2019 Elmed Etudes signed two subsidiary agreements with 
the Republic of Tunisia, appointing it as the implementing agency for the project components relating 
to preparatory studies and project management.  In April 2019, the Italian Minister for Economic 
Development and the Tunisian Minister for Industry signed an “Intergovernmental agreement regarding 
the development of electricity transmission infrastructure to maximise electricity exchanges between 
Europe and North Africa”, in which the parties commit themselves to “provide institutional support to 
the Co-Promoters for the timely authorisations, development, construction and operation of the new 
electrical interconnection between Italy and Tunisia”. The Agreement has been ratified by Italian 
Parliament on December 22, 2021, and entered into force in January 2022. May 2023 marked the 
starting point of the procurement process. The pre-qualification calls for the undersea cable and 
electrical substations for the ELMED project were published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union. In May 2024, the Italian Ministry of Environment and Energy Security (MASE) released the 
authorization decree for the Italian part of the Italy-Tunisia interconnection. In May 2024 the Ministery 
of the Environment and Energy Security has autorised the project. 
On 18 November 2021, the Italy-Tunisia interconnection project was included in the 5th list of projects 
of common interest (PCI) pursuant to Regulation (EU) 347/2013 allowing Terna and STEG to apply 
for financial support under the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF) Energy programme in the call 
launched by the European Commission in August 2022. In December 2022, the project was granted 
€307.6 million for the realisation of the works. In August 2023, Terna and Steg signed the Grant 
Agreement with the European Commission which kicks off the financing of €307.6 million for the 
interconnection between Italy and Tunisia. 
On May 10th, 2024, the Ministry of Environment and Energy Safety (MASE), as competent authority 
for the authorization procedure, issued the authorization decree for the construction and operation of 
the interconnection, thus giving approval for the implementation of the project. 
The Terna Group’s operations and maintenance services are, for the most part, provided to industrial 
companies or other power companies that own high voltage and very high voltage transmission 
networks and systems. As of 31 December 2023, not regulated and international revenue amounted 
totally to Euro 516.9 million, showing an increase of Euro 94.7 million compared to 31 December 2022. 
The increase in revenue from Non-Regulated Activities, amounting to Euro 95.4 million, primarily 
reflects increased revenue from Energy Solutions (up €61.4 million), which benefitted from greater 
contributions from the LT Group (up €62.4 million), and an increased contribution from the Brugg 
Kabel Group (up €30.2 million).  
Revenue from International Activities is classified in the “Profit/(Loss) for the year from discontinued 
operations and assets held for sale”, in application of IFRS 5. The profit for the year from discontinued 
operations and assets held for sale, totalling €2.5 million, marks an improvement of €22.8 million 
compared with the previous year. This essentially reflects the reversal, in 2023, of impairment losses 
recognised during the previous year on assets held for sale, offset by the gain recognised in 2022 on the 
sale of the companies included in the first closing and an increase in operating losses in view of the 
difference in scope.

--- Page 166 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
166 
 
 
 
Non-Regulated Activities 
Non-Regulated Activities are designed to support the energy transition, in keeping with the core 
business. Terna Energy Solutions uses Terna’s know-how for the design, engineering, operation and 
maintenance of complex solutions, including the integration of telecommunications networks and 
proprietary systems and RES expertise in the production of cables and transformers. The aim is to serve 
commercial and industrial customers with its expertise and experience in a wide range of solutions. 
The main areas of business in this segment are: 
• 
Connectivity 
Terna Energy Solutions makes its nationwide infrastructure available to meet the increasingly 
urgent need for fast and reliable digital connections. Terna Energy Solutions also supports its 
partners in developing smart connectivity solutions via the following services: optical fiber use 
rights, pylon rental, housing and facilities. 
Via optical fiber use rights, Terna Energy Solutions enables customers to acquire new 
infrastructure, which performs better than underground cable standards, in terms of reliability 
(far fewer faults per year per km) and quality (low attenuation), with significant savings in terms 
of length compared to terrestrial connections (>20% over a long distance). Since 2017, 
indefeasible right of use (IRU) has been granted for a total of approximately 32,500 km of fiber, 
for which Terna Energy Solutions provides maintenance and housing servicing for 
regeneration. The main contracts, which continued to be fulfilled in 2022, are with Open Fiber, 
Retelit, Fastweb and Eolo. Under these contracts, a total of 1,055 km of fibre were delivered in 
2022. 
 
An important Agreement was signed in February 2023 with E-Distribuzione for the transfer of 
IRU rights including the Maintenance service (minimum 20 years, maximum 24 years), 
Housing is provided as an accessory service on request. At the same time, an order has been 
signed for approximately 42,000 km optical fiber which will connect 1923 e-distribution CP 
through 153 Rings whose delivery is expected between 2023 and 2027. 
Energy Solutions 
Terna Energy Solutions provides EPC (engineering, procurement and construction), O&M 
(operation and maintenance) and digital services. Its services include the following activities: 
○ 
building and renovating transmission infrastructure (power lines and substations) by 
developing turnkey solutions to meet the requirements of industrial customers, as well 
as the demand for connection of new renewable plants to the grid; 
○ 
supporting companies in improving energy efficiency by designing and developing 
innovative solutions to reduce energy costs and optimise production processes; 
○ 
offering turnkey solutions to islands and companies that want to evaluate, design and 
integrate renewable energy systems (photovoltaic or wind power), storage systems 
(batteries) and cogeneration/trigeneration solutions into their production cycle; 
○ 
developing state-of the-art tools for the maintenance and monitoring of infrastructure 
(substations, power lines and fiber) and grid installations (renewable energy plants, 
storage, CHP) with the aim of preventing, reducing and minimising the risks of faults 
and outages.

--- Page 167 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
167 
 
 
 
• 
Private Interconnectors pursuant to Law 99/2009 
Terna is developing projects relative to interconnectors with other countries. The cross-border 
interconnectors with Montenegro (completed in December 2019), France (completed in 
November 2022), Austria (completed in December 2023), Switzerland and Slovenia (currently 
awaiting the necessary consents) are part of this overall project. 
The Italy-Montenegro interconnection project (first pole), consisting of a 500 kV HVDC link, 
partly submarine and partly terrestrial of approximately 445 km,  between the substations of 
Villanova (Italy) and Lastva (Montenegro), entered into commercial operation on 28 December 
2019. The interconnection provides a net transmission capacity between Italy and Montenegro 
of 600 MW, of which 200 MW are assigned, under a third-party access exemption, to the private 
investors selected in accordance with L. 99/2009. 
The private part of the project is owned by Monita Interconnector S.r.l. (Monita), sold by Terna 
to the Consortium Interconnector Energy Italia S.C.p.A. (Consortium that groups the private 
investors selected in accordance with L. 99/2009) on 17 December 2019. Starting from the date 
of entry into commercial operation of the link, until the end of the 10 years’ exemption period, 
Monita pays an annual fee to Terna for the interconnector operation and maintenance activities 
(ordinary and extraordinary). 
In accordance with the provision of Italian Law 99/2009, Terna Group is responsible for 
maintenance and operating activities of the HVDC private line, exempted for 350 MW to the 
Piemonte Savoia S.r.l. (company held by private investors selected according to the same law), 
corresponding to the Italian part of one of the two direct current links of the interconnection 
project between Piossasco (Italy) and Grande Ile (France) on IT-FR border. The private 
infrastructure entered into operation on 7 November 2022. The second pole of the Piossasco 
(Italy) and Grande Ile (France) project, developed as public line, entered into operation on 4 
August 2023.  
The Italy-Austria interconnector (the Reschenpass project) concerns the realization of a new 
220kV AC interconnection line between the Glorenza (Italy) and Nauders (Austria) substations 
through an underground cable of around 28 km (26 km on the Italian side) and the necessary 
reinforcements. The project will increase cross-border interconnection capacity between Italy 
and Austria by around 300 MW, which will almost double the currently available capacity. On 
Italian side, the investment of the project is expected to be approximately €80 million. 
On 16 March 2020, the exemption process was formally started with the exemption request sent 
to the Ministry for Economic Development (MiSE) by Resia. The exemption request was 
subsequently forwarded by MiSE to the ARERA for the expression of the relevant opinion. On 
6 May 2020, Resia submitted the exemption request, translated into English and German, to the 
Austrian Regulator, E-Control. On 17 November 2020, ARERA granted its approval for the 
issue of the exemption decree to Resia. 
On 6 May 2021, the European Commission expressed its positive opinion, with Decision 
C(2021) 3374 final, to release the exemption decree. 
On 17 June 2021 Resia received from the Ministry of the Ecological Transition the notification 
of the exemption decree (for a capacity of 150 MW and a duration of 10 years), taking into 
account the positive opinion issued by ARERA and the European Commission. 
Moreover, on 15 September 2021 the transfer of the shares representing the entire share capital 
of Resia was finalised from Terna to Interconnector Energy Italia S.C.p.A., Consorzio Toscana

--- Page 168 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
168 
 
 
 
Energia S.C.p.A. and VDP Fonderia S.p.A., together with the signing of the mandate contracts 
for the construction, operation and maintenance of the interconnector Italy-Austria in 
accordance with the provisions of Law 99/2009. 
It is recalled that, in accordance with the Law n. 99/2009, on 16 July 2018 Terna set up the 
special purpose vehicle, Resia in order to prepare and submit, on mandate of the private 
investors, a third-party access exemption request for a transmission capacity of 150 MW and a 
period of ten years, with reference to the Italian part of the Reschenpass project. On 18 April 
2019, Terna obtained the authorization for the realization and operation of the 220kV 
underground cable between the Italian/Austrian border (at the Resia Pass) and the Glorenza 
substation, which, together with the extension of the existing Glorenza substation and the 
related works, constitutes the Italy-Austria interconnector envisaged pursuant to Law 99/2009. 
On the Austrian side, APG (the Austrian TSO) obtained all the authorizations in the second half 
of 2019. 
Moreover, on 1 October 2019, the MiSE transferred to Resia the authorisations relative to the 
interconnector. 
The interconnector entered into service on 15 December 2023. 
The Italy–Switzerland interconnector project involves the development of new transmission 
lines between Italy and Switzerland, with the aim of increasing cross-border transmission 
capacity between Italy and Switzerland. 
The Italy–Slovenia interconnector project involves the realization of a HVDC link between the 
substations of Salgareda (IT) and Divaça (SL) and the reinforcement of existing lines 400 kV 
and 220 kV between Italy and  Slovenia. The HVDC project is currently awaiting the necessary 
authorization on the Italian side. The expected increase in cross-border capacity (Italy-
Slovenia) is about 1 GW. An initial Memorandum of Understanding between Terna and the 
Slovenian TSO setting forth main terms and conditions of their potential cooperation for the 
implementation of the project is still under discussion between the Parties. 
• 
Transformers through Tamini Group 
Tamini Group operates in the electromechanical sector and is a leader in the design, production, 
commercialisation and repair of power transformers for electricity transmission and distribution 
grids, of industrial transformers for the steel and metals industry and of special transformers for 
convertors used in electrochemical production. 
With a hundred years of experience, Tamini has a well-established name in Italy and overseas, 
thanks to its technological and engineering capabilities, combined with the degree of 
customisation and production flexibility it can offer. 
Tamini has six production plants in northern Italy and two trading companies in the United 
States and India. The Rodengo plant specialises in services, whilst the Novara production plant 
continues to manufacture coils, operating as a service centre for all the production sites that 
manufacture for both the Power and Industrial sectors. 
• 
Acquisition of Brugg Kabel 
On 29 February 2020, in implementation of the preliminary agreement signed on 20 December 
2019, Terna acquired a 90 per cent. interest in Brugg Kabel, one of the leading European 
operators in the terrestrial cable sector, specialising in the design, development, construction,

--- Page 169 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
169 
 
 
 
installation and maintenance of electrical cables of all voltages and accessories for high-voltage 
cables. The acquisition, which Terna financed with its own funds, was finalised through the 
subsidiary Terna Energy Solutions. The amount paid for acquisition of the equity interest is 
CHF 25 million. 
The acquisition of Brugg Kabel provides Terna with a centre of excellence for research, 
development and testing in one of the core technologies for the TSO, such as terrestrial cable 
technology. 
In particular, the transaction gives Terna the opportunity to rapidly integrate core competencies, 
by acquiring a company featuring: 
• 
specialisation in 150kV cables with standards in line with those Terna requires; 
• 
HV cable production capacity in line with Terna’s requirements; 
• 
expertise consolidated over 120 years, which has been widely verified by Terna; 
• 
significant potential synergies with the Group’s Non-Regulated Activities. 
It should be noted that Terna’s Development Plan, in line with the objectives of greater 
sustainability and resilience for the NTG, envisages doubling the number of terrestrial cables 
over the next 10 years. Consequently, the development of distinctive expertise in the 
underground cable sector to support cable design and construction activities, as well as O&M, 
may well have a key role to play in Terna’s future. 
From an organisational point of view, currently Gianluca Vettese holds the position of CEO , 
while Francesco Beccali is the Executive Chairman. 
• 
Acquisition of LT Group 
On 12 October 2021, Terna, acting through its subsidiary, Terna Energy Solutions, completed 
the acquisition of a 75 per cent. stake in LT Group. The purchase price for the equity interest 
was based on an equity value of €24 million for the entire company. The acquisition of LT led 
to the creation of the first Italian operator in the photovoltaic plant operation & maintenance 
sector, with approximately 1,000 MWp under management, thus confirming Terna’s role as 
driver and enabler of the energy transition and our constant support for the growth of 
renewables. 
LT S.r.l. is also involved in the design and implementation of the revamping and repowering 
of existing plants, thereby helping to improve production from Italy’s installed power assets 
and to achieve national energy transition goals. The company is also involved in the 
construction of new photovoltaic plants for third parties. 
• 
Other projects 
Under the contract agreed in 2021 by and between Terna and Eni New Energy S.p.A. work on 
the engineering, support and construction of an electrochemical storage unit in Assemini 
(approximately 14 MW) is proceeding. As regards the revamping/repowering contract entered 
into with EF Solare in 2021, work was completed at five plants during the year, whilst work is 
still in progress at two other plants

--- Page 170 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
170 
 
 
 
International Activities  
The Terna Group offers products and services abroad with a view to diversifying its activities carried 
out in Italy and collaborates with energy operators with a consolidated international presence. The 
development activities focus on geographical areas requiring investments in transmission 
infrastructures that also have stable political and regulatory frameworks and a risk/return profile in line 
with that of Terna. 
As to the International Activities, Terna is committed to focusing its position within the European 
continent by strengthening Italy’s role as the electricity hub between Europe and the Mediterranean. 
Terna’s strategic priorities with regard to its overseas operations include: 
- 
Sale of Latin American assets: As part of overseas initiatives, the plan to extract value from 
activities in South America proceeded. Launched in the last part of 2021, the plan involves the 
sale of up to 100% of the Group’s Latin American assets. Transaction closing, due to take part 
in stages, for the most part took place in November and December 2022, with the sale to CDPQ 
of SPE Santa Maria Transmissora de Energia S.A., SPE Santa Lucia Transmissora de Energia 
S.A., SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde II S.A. and Difebal S.A. In 2023 January 2024, 
engineering works for the SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde I S.A. project was were 
completed and the line is presently in operations. This project involves involved construction 
of approx 150-km long 500kV power line dubbed (double circuit) fromthe “Governador 
Valadares” to-“Mutum” in the State of Minas Gerais, entry into service in January 2024, which 
and is scheduled to be sold in 2024. In Peru, the operation and maintenance of the 132-km 
138kV power line between Aguaytìa and Pucallpa also continued in 2023, following the line's 
entry into commercial service on 16 May 2021. 
 
North America: Development of the North American business continued in 2023, 
through Terna USA LLC e BMT Energy Transmission Development LLC, with a view 
to taking advantage of business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development 
and construction of large onshore and offshore electricity transmission infrastructure 
projects in the United States. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Terna Group invested approximately €9.8 million in research 
and development and incurred costs of approximately €9.6 million. 
The electrification of the energy market is crucial to enable the energy transition. In fact, the electricity 
vector is intrinsically efficient as it allows to make a direct use of the electricity energy produced by 
renewable plants such as wind and solar. As both the electrification of the energy system as well as the 
penetration of renewable generation in the generation mix will increase in the future, driven by the 
decarbonization targets, further developments in the electricity system will be required to ensure that 
the electricity produced by renewables plants will be delivered efficiently and safely to the consumption 
units. In this context, Terna plays a key role in accelerating investments in interconnections and grid 
technologies and in ensuring the safety of the grid in a system dominated by intermittent renewable 
technologies. 
Innovation & Digitalisation will also be crucial during this path and the reinforcement of R&D activities 
is a priority for Terna Group; in order to accomplish his mission as a TSO, Terna has to guarantee the 
fulfilment of key system needs (RES integration, adequacy, reliability) at the lowest possible cost for 
the system with high quality standards.

--- Page 171 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
171 
 
 
 
A single solution does not exist: a full set of coordinated measures is needed to accomplish this 
challenging task. 
From Terna’s point of view, the most relevant “enablers” appear to be: 
 
 
Infrastructure development: Reinforcement of the national grid (e.g. Tyrrhenian Link, 
Hypergrid) and interconnections with foreign countries; investments to compensate for the loss 
of inertia and voltage control (compensators, reactors, statcom) and to increase resilience; 
 
 
Renewables Development: Increase the installation rates of wind and solar plants from current 
5,8 GW per year to around 9,4 GW per year, in order to meet the targets NECP; 
 
 
 
Simplification and Acceptability: Simplification and acceleration of the permitting processes 
and more effective awareness campaigns to improve the social acceptability of renewables; 
 
 
 
Capacity Market: Capacity Market auctions have already been used in the past few years as a 
tool for ensuring the adequacy of the system. With increasing RES penetration, further capacity 
auctions have been approved by MASE for target years 2025-2028, in order to ensure the 
adequacy of the system during periods of system stress, typically coinciding with low 
availability from wind and solar generation and high demand;  
 
 
 
Storage: The development of storage technologies is essential, especially in a future scenario 
characterized by a strong penetration of RES generation in the generation mix. Storage 
technologies allow for the integration of RES generation and the optimisation of RES 
overgeneration within acceptable levels. Storage technologies can also provide active and 
reactive power control (voltage, frequency, inertia and short circuit power), as well as 
contribute to the adequacy of the system. The Legislative Decree 210/2021 lays the basis for 
the definition of a long-term mechanism for the procurement of new electrical storage capacity. 
In its future energy scenarios document Terna has identified the need for 71 GWh of new utility-
scale energy storage capacity to be procured by 2030. In December of 2023, the European 
Commission approved the mechanism (State Aid SA.104106 (2023/N)). More recently, Terna 
has published a revised draft of the Regulation, which has been opened for consultation until 
the 3 May 2024; and 
 
 
 
Flexibility resources: The participation of demand, as well as distributed energy resources (such 
as Evs, heat pumps and distributed storage) in the energy markets will contribute to the 
integration of the renewable generation. Their participation will lead to significant benefits for 
the system, both economically and in terms of increased security of supply. To date, the 
distributed resources, including demand response, are already enabled to participate to Terna’s 
markets through the UVAM pilot project. From 2025, the UVAM pilot projects will be 
integrated in the Italian grid code.  
 
Digitalisation contributes to further market facilitation and enables new actors and new roles, centering 
around prosumers and active system management.

--- Page 172 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
172 
 
 
 
A cyber physical grid is in the making. It is composed of the physical part on the one hand – towers, 
cables, wires, substations etc. – and the increasing digital grid on the other. 
The latter will allow for the integration of models, tools, platforms and information. 
The Digital Grid will enable the automated and coordinated decision-making process inside the power 
system. In such context, as a point of reference, Terna has launched several innovative projects: 
■ 
Dedicated solutions for Transmission operator activities, which include: 
○ 
Full digitization of transmission network, which already counts over 200 digital 
stations, enabling the application of Big Data and Advanced Analytics tools and also 
developing Artificial Intelligence algorithms to support traditional O&M activities (i.e. 
identification of component failures/faults via automatic image recognition); 
○ 
Robotization of grid inspection and monitoring. Currently are in pilot phase new 
technologies such as drones and robots; 
○ 
New solutions to improve monitoring of underground cables health, both for AC and 
DC High Voltage cable systems (including joints and terminations, the most “delicate” 
components of a cable system); 
■ 
Terna is also investing heavily for the System Operator activities, which include: 
○ 
Enhance accuracy of forecasting for Renewable generation through state-of-art 
probabilistic models; 
○ 
Continuously improve real-time operations through advance analytics applications. 
The extensive penetration of distributed resources requires indeed an increasingly 
quicker intervention capability for the TSO; 
○ 
Innovative solution for the observability on the real-time behavior of Distributed 
Energy Resources; 
○ 
Several pilot projects on new flexibility resources, as a brand-new testing field for 
utility scale storage system, currently operating in Sardinia and Sicily. Terna has also 
launched the ESI (Energy System Innovation) Programme in order to guarantee the 
integration of the most valuable resources (electric vehicles, HVAC-Heating, 
Ventilation and Air Conditioning systems and distributed storage) for the electricity 
grid and that goes beyond the existing barriers. These resources will be studied both on 
single resource and on aggregated level.   
INNOVATION 
Innovation and digital transformation are essential in the current increasingly complex energy context. 
Terna focuses its model of development on technology trends which are relevant to its business. 
The current ecological transition process requires a new systemic and organic approach to innovation, 
based around the acceleration of a portfolio of effective research, development and innovation 
initiatives in keeping with the Groups strategies. Terna has decided to further speed up its innovation 
process, in order to promote research and development into ideas and synergistically manage the 
innovation ecosystem.

--- Page 173 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
173 
 
 
 
Terna’s innovation plan (the Innovation Plan), developed in coherence with said context and with 
Terna’s corporate strategy, consists of a portfolio of initiatives and projects aimed at responding to the 
main business challenges, which are dictated by both the energy transition and the need to digitize the 
electricity system and the Company itself, through the transformation of the mindset of its people. 
In response to the corporate needs and challenges, collected according to a process structured on two 
main guidelines (top-down: strategic guidelines of the company; bottom-up: intrapreneurship program 
for employees), Terna has traced the evolution of the technological scenario and identified the emerging 
issues for the future of the Italian energy system. 
Based on their potential impact on the business, five technology clusters have been identified. They 
represent the main areas of action of the new initiatives and projects included in the Innovation Plan, in 
response to the set objectives: 
• 
Digital – intelligent solutions energy and power management 
e.g.: IoT & Connectivity, Cybersecurity, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Bot & RPA, Wearable 
Smart Equipment 
• 
Energy Tech – innovative solutions developed through more efficient and green technologies 
e.g.: Electric Mobility, System for RES, Power System Protection, Sector Coupling, Distributed 
Generation System, Charging System, Energy Storage 
• 
Grid Tech – core scope technologies for effective development of the grid infrastructure 
• 
Advanced Materials – research of eco-friendly materials and solutions, aimed at reducing the 
impact on the environment 
e.g.: Coatings, Mixed I/E Conductors, Smart Materials, Nonotech Materials, Bio/Eco Materials 
Robotics – automation of field and administrative processes e.g.: Satellites, Exoskeletons, Drones, 
Sensors, Augmented & Virtual Reality 
The initiatives covered by the Innovation Plan, overseen by the Innovation structure, are not exclusively 
limited to making processes and solutions that are currently in use more efficient (core innovation), but 
also evaluating the use of solutions that are not yet mature or are related to different sectors (adjacent 
innovation), as well as investigating technologies that are currently under development and that could 
potentially have a high impact on Terna’s business (disruptive innovation). 
The innovateion model adopted and developed by Terna is therefore aimed at responding to needs and 
to generate value for the company and stakeholders, according to an approach that is: 
• 
Concrete: from needs to concrete solutions capable of responding them, through the generation 
and development of new ideas and the implementation of innovative projects, with a structured 
process of protection and enhancement of intellectual property. 
• 
Open: with the involvement of external actors such as start-ups, universities and other 
corporations that play the dual role of enablers and recipients of the benefits. 
• 
Inclusive: with the involvement of the Company’s people, with the aim of disseminating the 
culture of innovation. 
• 
Distributed: with the participation of the various organizational structures for the collection of 
needs and in the development of ideas and projects. 
This approach, based on open innovation, favors openness to new frontiers of development both internal 
and external to the Company, through dynamic interactions with the innovation ecosystem, made up of

--- Page 174 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
174 
 
 
 
universities and research centers, as well as collaborations with peers and large industrial players, 
startups and small-medium enterprises. 
Terna has also developed a process aimed at the protection and protection of Intellectual Property (IP) 
in its various forms, creating a competitive advantage, as well as new business opportunities.  
STRATEGY AND INDUSTRIAL PLAN 
2024-2028 Industrial Plan 
Development of the National Transmission Grid is clearly necessary to support the energy transition, 
but on its own the risk is that this may not be sufficient unless accompanied by the progressive 
development of digital technologies. This opens the way to the concept of a Twin Transition: Energy 
and Digital. With the new Industrial Plan, approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2024, Terna 
is ready to meet the challenges posed by this twin transition, with the aim of ensuring a Just Transition 
that is fair and inclusive for all stakeholders. 
The 2024-2028 Industrial Plan provides for total capital expenditure of €16.5 billion, through which 
Terna will accelerate its commitment to the country’s ecological transition, energy independence and 
decarbonisation, in keeping with the challenging objectives set in the National Integrated Energy and 
Climate Plan (PNIEC) and the targets in the EU’s Green Deal, which aim to cut greenhouse gas 
emissions by at least 55% by 2030, compared with 1990 levels. 
The key driver in the 2024-2028 Industrial Plan is sustainable investment, a concept embedded in the 
Company’s value creation process and in the benefits for the system and the environment. Terna’s 
capital expenditure, 99% of which is classified as sustainable based on the EU Taxonomy, targets the 
development of renewable sources. The transmission backbones that transport energy from points of 
production, which are increasingly located in Italy’s southern regions, to where demand is highest in 
the north of the country, will be boosted by resolving existing issues caused by grid congestion and 
further development of cross-border interconnections. Thanks to its strategic geographical location, 
Italy will be able to reinforce its role as a European and Mediterranean electricity transmission hub, 
becoming a leading player at international level. 
The Terna Group’s development initiatives will focus on two strategic areas: Regulated Activities in 
Italy and Nonregulated Activities. 
In terms of Regulated Activities in Italy, which continue to represent the Group’s core business, Terna 
plans to invest €15.5 billion in developing, modernising and strengthening the national transmission 
grid, enabling the country to fulfil the series of key steps in its energy transition pathway and helping 
to address the energy trilemma: 
• Affordability: increasing interzonal capacity by over 30% to 20 GW, thanks among other things to 
construction of the Tyrrhenian Link. 
• Sustainability: investment will also enable the connection of over 20 GW of RES to the HV grid, 
contributing to the drive to cut the emissions produced by Italy’s electricity generators. 
• Security: almost doubling the system’s reactive capacity to provide greater stability and resilience on 
the Italian national grid. 
As a result of the planned investment, the value of the RAB will exceed €30 billion in 2028, with a 
CAGR of 8% over the life of the Plan. By the end of 2024, the value of the RAB will be €22.5 billion, 
compared with €20.4 billion at the end of 2023.

--- Page 175 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
175 
 
 
 
In the 2024-2028 Industrial Plan, Terna has targeted increased investment in development of the 
national transmission grid, which is due to total €10.8 billion. This is primarily linked to the construction 
of high-voltage direct current lines with the aim of resolving grid congestion, boosting transmission 
capacity between the various market areas, fully integrating renewable sources and improving quality 
of service. This type of investment will also involve the construction of undersea cable connections. 
The most important project is the Tyrrhenian Link, the power line that will connect Sardinia, Sicily and 
Campania and that will contribute to the development of renewable energy production and the phase-
out of the most polluting coal- and oil-fired power stations. The other projects include: the Adriatic 
Link (the submarine connection between the Marche and Abruzzo regions), Sa.Co.I.3 (the 
interconnector linking Sardinia with Corsica and Tuscany), Elmed (the Italy-Tunisia interconnector), 
and the 380kV Chiaramonte Gulfi-Ciminna power line in Sicily. 
In terms of the Ordinary plan, the primary focus of which is renewing and improving the efficiency of 
assets, covering the reorganisation of existing infrastructure and the replacement of obsolete 
components, Terna will invest €2.9 billion. 
Finally, Terna plans to invest a total of €1.7 billion in the Security Plan over the life of the Plan, with 
the aim of boosting the system’s technical and technological capabilities to increase system 
functionality. 
Non-regulated Activities will help to generate new business opportunities thanks to the development of 
innovative, digital solutions in keeping with Terna’s public service role in supporting the energy 
transition. 
The markets in which the non-regulated businesses operate are undergoing rapid expansion, driven for 
the most part by trends linked to the energy transition: increased demand for renewable generation 
plants, the renewal of grids and the growth of new industrial sub-sectors such as data centres and large 
power consumers. 
The Group’s Non-regulated Activities include: 
• Equipment: businesses focused on guaranteeing supplies of essential components for development of 
the grid, such as transformers (Tamini) and cables (Brugg). 
• Energy Services: activities in markets complementary and adjacent to the core business, such as 
operation and development services for HV, MV and LV grids and electricity substations for Third 
Parties (Terna Energy Solutions and Terna Rete Italia), energy efficiency consulting services (Avvenia) 
and Operation & Maintenance services for photovoltaic plants (LT Group). 
• Connectivity: connectivity offerings for telecommunications providers through the supply of dark 
fibre and housing services. 
• Interconnectors: the installation and operation of interconnecting lines. 
The Plan includes a series of initiatives designed to fully exploit the portfolio of businesses, introducing 
optimization measures to strengthen financial performance and consolidate market leadership. These 
actions will aim to maintain the Group’s competitiveness with respect to competitors in the Equipment 
sector and further reinforce its leadership in Energy Services. Terna expects Non-regulated Activities 
to contribute a cumulative total of approximately €600 million to the Group’s EBITDA over the life of 
the Plan, in return for limited investment and risk exposure. 
For Terna, digitalisation is a key pillar of the drive to achieve the country’s energy transition goals. In 
line with this approach, Terna intends to spend almost €2 billion on digital technologies. This 
investment in digitalisation will account for around 13% of total planned capex, in line with the

--- Page 176 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
176 
 
 
 
historical approach and in keeping with planned spending on digital technology by our main European 
competitors and with the International Energy Agency’s global projections. 
The digital plan aims to further consolidate the importance of digitalisation in supporting the 
development plan, with a series of ambitious initiatives throughout the value chain. These include: 
• Grid engineering, introducing software to digitalise the planning of worksites (Building Information 
Modelling) and optimize the management of contracts, ensuring the on-time delivery of projects. 
• Dispatching will increase the algorithmic capacity of the related systems, harnessing artificial 
intelligence to boost transmission capacity in line with the transition to renewable energy sources. 
• Asset management will maintain the current quality standards despite the expected increase in 
complexity, harnessing digital technologies such as digital twins, the Internet of Things (IoT) and 
predictive tools. 
In conclusion, advanced digital solutions will be used to constantly guarantee safety, drive innovation 
and improve worker efficiency. 
Terna’s people, with their world-leading technical expertise, are a key asset in enabling the Group to 
achieve the challenging goals the Group has set itself. The Company’s people strategy is based on three 
key pillars: empowerment, experience and excellence. The Group aims to be people-centric, promoting 
the development and wellbeing of employees by giving them greater responsibility and through mutual 
engagement benefitting all parties. Working life will be improved by anticipating change, investing in 
emerging skills and enabling more effective ways of working, in part by harnessing technology. 
Furthermore, rewards will be provided for merit to accelerate the organisation’s growth and achieve 
excellent results. The central importance of the Terna Group’s people is confirmed by the major 
acceleration in job creation: over the life of the Plan, the number of employees is due to rise to over 
7,000 by 2028. 
Maintenance of a strong capital structure through robust cash generation will also help to support an 
attractive dividend policy. 
Finally, the Terna Group’s ongoing commitment to implementing the Industrial Plan and achieving the 
related financial targets has enabled the Group to meet and improve on the guidance communicated to 
the financial markets for 2022 and 2023, offering a solid base from which to achieve the new targets 
set in the 2024-2028 Industrial Plan. 
RECENT EVENTS  
Green light for the new underground cable connection in the Municipalities of Turbigo, 
Robecchetto con Induno and Castano Primo (MI) 
On 4 January 2024, the Italian Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security issued the decree 
approving Terna’s new electricity connection in the municipalities of Turbigo, Robecchetto con Induno 
and Castano Primo in the metropolitan city of Milan. The project, which will see the company invest 
€8 million, involves the construction of a 4.5 km-long underground cable power line to connect Terna’s 
“Turbigo” Electrical Substation to the “Castano Primo” Primary Substation owned by the local 
distributor. The new line will reduce the risk of outages across the local grid and help to prevent damage 
to infrastructure caused by the intensification of weather events in recent decades, such as the strong 
winds typical of the area. 
Work begins to upgrade the power grid between Colunga and Ferrara

--- Page 177 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
177 
 
 
 
On 09 January 2024 Terna launched the project to upgrade the power grid between Colunga and Ferrara 
in EmiliaRomagna. The company will invest approximately €16 million in the modernisation of the 
grid between Colunga and Ferrara, ensuring greater efficiency and quality of service for local businesses 
and citizens. The plan, which involves the municipalities of Castenaso, Budrio, Minerbio, Baricella, 
Malalbergo, Poggio Renatico, and Ferrara, will upgrade the following 132kV links: Colunga-Altedo”, 
“Altedo Ferrara South” and “Ferrara South-der. Aranova Energy Centre”, with the construction of 
approximately 20 km of power lines and the demolition of more than 60 km of lines in the provinces of 
Bologna and Ferrara. 
Successful issue of a bond worth €850 million with a 7-year tenor 
On 10 January 2024, Terna successfully launched a fixed rate, single tranche bond issue amounting to 
€850 million. The issue, which saw extremely high demand, was almost 3 times oversubscribed and is 
characterized by high quality and broad geographical diversification of investors. The bond was 
launched as part of the €9,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) Programme, which has been 
rated “BBB+” by Standard and Poor’s and “(P)Baa2” by Moody’s. The bond has a nominal amount of 
€850 million, a duration of 7 years and maturity on 17 January 2031. It will pay a coupon of 3.50% and 
was issued at a price of 99,385%, with a spread of 100 basis points over the midswap. The settlement 
date for the issue was 17 January 2024. The proceeds from the issue will be used by Terna to meet 
ordinary financial requirements and to fund the Group’s Industrial Plan.  
Terna trials the use of a submarine drone for marine geophysical surveys 
On 11 January 2024, Terna announced the launch, in collaboration with Terradepth, a US startup and 
leading provider of marine survey services and ocean data solutions, of the trial for the “Odisseo” 
project. The goal of the project is to apply Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUV) to marine 
geophysical surveys during the planning of important infrastructure, ensuring respect for the 
environment. The first test was conducted off the coast near the port of Casamicciola Terme, on the 
island of Ischia (Naples, Italy). During the geophysical survey of the seabed, Terna’s technicians were 
able to test the performance of the “Gavia” drone, the AUV from Terradepth equipped with advanced 
sensors, including Echo Sounder (MBES), Side Scan Sonar and HD Camera. 
Green light for the new “Messina North PS – Messina Riviera PS” underground connection 
On 15 January 2024, the Sicilian Regional Authorities issued the decree consenting to Terna’s new 
150kV power line in the municipality of Messina. The project, which will see the Company invest 
approximately €26 million, involves the installation of an underground cable stretching approximately 
10 km, connecting the “Messina North” and “Messina Riviera” primary substations. The Messina area 
experiences strong winds, which, combined with the topography and vegetation of the surrounding area, 
represent a potential risk of system outages. The new power line will increase local grid meshing and 
diversify transmission technology, reducing this risk of severe weather events. 
Terna meets the citizens of Ferrara to present the project to restructure the local grid 
On 24 January 2024, Terna held an information event with the citizens of Ferrara to present the future 
restructuring of the city’s grid. Such event was an opportunity to provide citizens with information on 
the project’s features, reasons, benefits and dynamics. As a whole, the restructuring of the city of 
Ferrara’s electricity grid involves the undergrounding of two 132kV overhead lines running from the 
Focomorto power station over a total length of more than 9 km, the construction of a new 132kV 
underground connection in the south of the city over a length of 3 km, and the expansion of the existing 
380kV Ferrara Nord power station with the related new overhead connections. The works, which are 
aimed at increasing the security and resilience of the electricity system, will guarantee greater transport 
capacity to the urban area and will fully optimise the use of renewable energy produced in the area. In

--- Page 178 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
178 
 
 
 
addition, the new infrastructure will enable the removal of approximately 20 km of overhead power 
lines and 70 pylons, freeing up approximately 40 hectares from the existing electricity infrastructure. 
The project complements the works to restructure the electricity grid in the area between Colunga and 
Ferrara that began in early January. The planned modernisation of the electricity grid in the Po Valley 
in the Emilia-Romagna region will improve the efficiency and quality of the service, benefiting local 
businesses and the public. 
Terna presents the outcome of the public consultation on the new “GR. ITA 2” connection 
between Italy and Greece to the public 
On 31 January 2024, Terna presented the outcome of the public consultation to authorities and citizens 
of the seven municipalities, in the province of Lecce, affected by the planned “GR.ITA 2” connection. 
hese decisions are the result of dialogue with local communities during the public consultation on the 
new infrastructure that will cross the southern Italian municipalities, in the province of Lecce, of 
Galatina, Soleto, Sternatia, Martignano, Calimera, Carpignano Salentino and Melendugno. At the end 
of this phase, Terna will launch detailed planning ready for the consents process. The meeting is part of 
the shared planning process launched by the company in 2022 with the support of the Puglia Regional 
Authority and the municipal councils. During the public consultation phase, prior to submission of the 
project to obtain consent, concluded on 12 December 2023, five meetings were held to illustrate the 
details of the proposed project to local stakeholders, examining alternatives established on the basis of 
comments received during voluntary consultation and by listening to the feedback, opinions and 
requests of citizens. 
The Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security gives its consent for the Adriatic Link, the 
new submarine power line connecting Marche and Abruzzo 
On 6 February 2024, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security, through a decree of 31 
January 2024, gave the green light for the construction of the Adriatic Link, Terna’s submarine power 
line that will connect the Marche and Abruzzo regions. This development project, included among the 
interventions outlined in the PNIEC (National Integrated Plan for Energy and Climate) and recognised 
as strategic for the country by the Regulatory Authority, will strengthen energy exchange in central 
Italy, addressing the security and flexibility needs of the national electrical system and meeting the 
targets set for growth in renewables. The advanced technological and environmental electric connection 
will consist of two submarine cables approximately 210 km long, laid at a maximum depth of 100 
meters, and two underground cables of 40 km. Converter stations will be built near the existing 
substations in Cepagatti (Pescara), Abruzzo, and Fano (Pesaro-Urbino), Marche. The infrastructure will 
provide an increase of approximately 1,000 MW in exchange capacity between Italy’s Centre-South 
and Centre-North zones, enabling the integration and transfer of energy produced by wind and 
photovoltaic plants in the South to consumption centres in the North. 
Terna among the world leaders in fighting climate change 
On 6 February 2024, Terna was recognised as a leading international company in the fight against 
climate change by CDP’s Climate Change survey (former Carbon Disclosure Project). CDP is a global 
non-profit organisation specialising in environmental reporting and assessment of climate performance 
and strategies adopted by companies. The group led by Giuseppina Di Foggia achieved an “A-” rating 
(on a scale from “D-” to “A”), improving on last year’s “B” rating. The score assigned to Terna places 
the company in the “Leadership” category, above the average for the sector (“B”), the European average 
(“B”) and the global average (“C”). This recognition from CDP confirms Terna’s growing commitment 
to environmental sustainability, reaffirmed with the adoption of a new Science Based Target, under 
which Terna has committed to cut its CO2 emissions by 46% before 2030, compared to 2019 levels, 
raising the bar from the previous target of reducing greenhouse-gas emissions by approximately 30%. 
CDP’s assessment of supplier engagement recognises Terna’s efforts with regard the quality of Scope

--- Page 179 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
179 
 
 
 
3 emissions reporting, in relation to the value chain, and rewards the Group’s commitment to reducing 
these emissions, as certified by the Science-based Target Initiative in 2023. The rating is also in line 
with the Company’s efforts to promote the circular economy, given substance by the recent launch of 
Terna’s Roadmap, which aims to make the Company a leader in this field. 
Settlement agreement with Quebec 
On 7 February 2024, all disputes related to the outstanding arbitrations between the companies Linha 
Verde I and Linha Verde II and the Quebec Group were resolved, including any other existing or 
potential disputes regarding their relations. In addition, at the same time of the agreement, the company 
Terna Plus S.r.l. completed the purchase of a minority stake in the Brazilian company SPE Transmissora 
de energia Linha Verde I S.A., now an integral subsidiary of Terna Plus S.r.l. 
Terna: EIB provides the last tranche of the €1.9 billion loan for the Tyrrhennian Link 
On 8 February 2024, on the sidelines of the second edition of the EIB Forum in Luxembourg, which 
brings together Heads of State, EU Commissioners, business leaders, academics and civil society 
representatives, the European Investment Bank (EIB) and Terna signed the contract for the final tranche 
of the €1.9 billion loan for the Tyrrhenian Link, the submarine electricity cable connecting the Italian 
mainland with Sicily and Sardinia. At the EIB Forum, a meeting took place between EIB Vice-President 
Gelsomina Vigliotti and CEO and General Manager of Terna, Giuseppina Di Foggia, to discuss future 
collaboration in support of the energy transition and REPowerEU objectives. This final tranche of €500 
million, in addition to the previous contracts signed on 8 November 2022 (first tranche of €500 million) 
and 30 March 2023 (second and third tranches, totalling €900 million), will support the construction 
and commissioning of the East and West sections of the Tyrrhenian Link. By connecting Sicily and 
Sardinia with the Italian mainland via a 970 km, 1,000 MW double submarine cable, the Tyrrhenian 
Link will foster the development of renewable sources, grid reliability and promote energy security in 
Italy. Terna plans to invest around €3.7 billion in total for this infrastructure, which is key for Italy’s 
energy security. Around 50% of the project cost will be financed by the EIB, demonstrating the strategic 
nature of the project. The Tyrrhenian Link will be fully operational in 2028. Some 250 companies will 
be involved in its implementation, which will have a significant impact in the regions concerned. With 
a tenor of around 22 years from each drawdown, the loans have a longer maturity and more competitive 
costs than those generally available on the market, aligning them with Terna’s policy to optimise its 
financial structure. This transaction brings the total of EIB loans granted to Terna to around €3.8 billion. 
Terna and RSE join forces to develop projects and technologies in the energy and environmental 
sectors 
On 14 February 2024, Terna and RSE, a leader in analysis and applied research in the energy sector, 
have signed a five-year partnership agreement aimed at the development and application of processes 
and technologies in the field of energy and the environment, promoting study initiatives and 
development and innovation activity. The agreement was signed on 14 February in Rome by Giuseppina 
Di Foggia, CEO and General Manager of Terna, and Franco Cotana, CEO of RSE. Thanks to this 
partnership, Terna and RSE will be able to cooperate, through planning, programming and coordination 
activity, establishing a scenario that fosters the development of research and technology and the 
propagation of projects for innovation, energy security and grid resilience. This is of fundamental 
importance to Terna, being an enabler of the energy transition, and for RSE, in its role of promoting 
innovation, efficiency and circularity throughout the energy supply and sustainability chain. 
Specifically, the partnership involves a framework agreement aimed at launching mutual collaboration 
in areas including optimised grid planning and design, methodologies for smart-asset management, 
monitoring, control and resilience of the electricity system, development of new technology for grid 
flexibility, scenarios for the evolution of demand and generation from renewables, big-data 
management and data science, use of IoT (Internet of things) technology, cyber security, artificial

--- Page 180 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
180 
 
 
 
intelligence and other technology enabling the Italian energy transition. The progress of projects will 
be monitored by a Management Committee made up of Terna and RSE representatives. 
Consent for two new underground cable connections in Milan 
On 16 February 2024, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security issued the decree approving 
Terna’s project for the construction of two new power line connections in Milan. The Company will 
invest approximately €17 million in the project, which is part of the works planned to increase reliability 
of power supplies for the Milan - Cortina 2026 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. The project involves 
two underground cable connections (Porta Romana PS – Milan South Receiver SS and Porta Romana 
PS – Mugello PS) running for a total of 6.5 km and providing input-output connection of the local 
distributor’s new “Porta Romana” primary substation. These works will upgrade the local grid, which 
experiences high loads—particularly in the summer—enabling it to cope with the growing electricity 
demand of the Porta Romana district set to host the Olympic Village, and the corresponding train 
station. 
Terna: infrastructure projects consented to in 2023 amount to investment of over €3 billion 
As at 19 February 2024, the Italian Ministry of Environment and Energy Security and the regional 
councils approved 23 development projects for Italy’s national transmission grid, with total investment 
of more than €3 billion. This marks a new record for the Group, confirming Terna’s central role in 
Italy’s energy transition and the ongoing collaboration between the company and Italian institutions. 
The figure is up 20% on 2022, when authorised projects reached a total value of more than €2.5 billion, 
and has tripled since 2021. The main contribution to this achievement comes from the western branch 
of the Tyrrhenian Link, the section of the submarine power line that will connect Sicily and Sardinia, 
valued at over €1.8 billion. The eastern branch of the project, set to connect Sicily and Campania, was 
authorised in 2022. The 1,000 MW Direct Current submarine connection will run for 970 km, and is a 
strategic project for the Italian electricity system, crucial for achieving the energy transition goals set in 
the PNIEC. Another significant Terna project authorised last year is Sa.Co.I. 3, the 200kV submarine 
cable that will connect Sardinia, Corsica and Tuscany, with a total capacity of up to 400 MW. The 
project will help to strengthen the country’s role as energy hub in Europe and Mediterranean region. In 
addition, there are two projects of around €50 million each, included in Terna’s plans to increase the 
security and efficiency of the high and extra-high-voltage grid in the areas that will host the 2026 Milan 
- Cortina Olympic Games and Paralympic Games. These are the 19km “Moena-Campitello” 
underground cable power line in Val di Fassa (Trento) and the 22km underground connection between 
Vandoies and Brunico (Bolzano). Both projects will increase grid meshing and resilience of the 
electricity transmission system in areas frequently affected by extreme weather events in recent years. 
Terna has already begun work on the two infrastructure projects, with the aim of completing them by 
the end of 2025. Furthermore, by investment value, the two following projects in Lazio were also 
included: the underground cable power line of over 17km between the Rome South electrical substation 
and the Ciampino primary substation. This €30 million project is part of a wider plan to restructure the 
power grid in the southern area of the Italian capital. The second is the “Pian di Tortora-Viterbo”, an 
underground cable connection in the province of Viterbo which will increase grid meshing in the area 
and boost the efficiency and reliability of the transmission service. 
Green light for the new underground cable connection in Ragusa 
On 22 February 2024, Sicily’s Department of Energy and Public Utilities approved Terna’s new 
“Ragusa SS -Ragusa North PS” underground cable power line. The project, in which the company led 
by Giuseppina di Foggia will invest approximately €26 million, involves the construction of a 14 km-
long electricity line connecting Terna’s substation at Ragusa to the Ragusa North primary substation, 
which is owned by the local distributor. The development project will increase the available power to 
meet the needs of businesses and citizens and the grid meshing to improve service quality, especially

--- Page 181 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
181 
 
 
 
during the summer, when demand in the area is significantly higher. The new connection will be 
completely underground and developed using latest-generation cables with XLPE (cross-linked 
polyethylene) insulation, a reliable, resilient, and sustainable solution. The final project design process 
and the preliminary activities necessary to start construction will begin in the coming weeks. 
Results of the Directors’ and Statutory Auditors’ assessment of independence 
On 6 March 2024, Terna’s meeting of the Board of Directors, chaired by Igor De Biasio, proceeded to 
assess its members’ compliance with the independence requirements in the Articles of Association, in 
art. 147-ter, paragraph 4 and art. 148, paragraph 3 of the Consolidated Law on Finance (CLF), and the 
independence requirements in the Corporate Governance Code (art. 2, Recommendation 7) provided in 
the document, “Criteria and procedure for assessing independence”. In view of the governance 
recommendations, the Chairman, Igor De Biasio, was assessed as independent pursuant to both art. 147-
ter, paragraph 4 and art. 148, paragraph 3 of the CLF and to art. 2, Recommendation 7 of the Corporate 
Governance Code. The non-executive Directors Angelica Krystle Donati, Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani, 
Gian Luca Gregori, Simona Signoracci, Marco Giorgino, Karina Audrey Litvack, Jean-Michel Aubertin 
and Anna Chiara Svelto were assessed as independent pursuant to both art. 147-ter, paragraph 4 and art. 
148, paragraph 3 of the CLF and to art. 2, Recommendation 7 of the Corporate Governance Code. The 
Directors Regina Corradini D’Arienzo, Francesco Renato Mele and Qinjing Shen were assessed as not 
independent pursuant to both art. 147-ter, paragraph 4 and art. 148, paragraph 3 of the CLF and to art. 
2, Recommendation 7 of the Corporate Governance Code. The Board of Directors also verified that all 
its members fulfil the requirements in the provisions of art. 15.5 of the Articles of Association 
concerning independence and incompatibility, adopted pursuant to the Unbundling Regulations. As 
recommended by the Corporate Governance Code, and in accordance with the role assigned to it by 
law, the Board of Statutory Auditors verified the correct application of the established assessment 
criteria and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors in assessing the independence of its 
nonexecutive members. The Board of Statutory Auditors also reported during today’s meeting that all 
the Statutory Auditors meet the relevant independence requirement, pursuant to art. 2, Recommendation 
9 of the Corporate Governance Code, verified during the meeting held on 7 February 2024 in application 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors’ Terms of Reference. 
Terna launches the “Driving Energy Award 2024 – Contemporary Photography” 
On 7 March 2024, Terna launched the “Driving Energy Award 2024 – Contemporary Photography”. 
This free competition — open to all professional and amateur photographers in Italy — aims at 
promoting and developing culture in Italy and scouting new talents in the field. The theme for this year’s 
award is ‘The invisible way’. From today until 30 June, photographers are invited to interpret different 
forms of energy that although invisible, produce visible effects. This is a way to celebrate talent and the 
unique nature of an art capable of capturing realities that do not exist for many people, or at least not 
yet. This edition will have the same structure as the previous year’s, which achieved ambitious goals in 
terms of opening, inclusion and engagement across Italy, making the Award a resounding success in 
the world of photography. This year will again see five different categories: the Senior Award, with a 
prize of €15,000, open to participants of the age of 31 or older , the Youth Award, with a prize of €5,000, 
for photographers below the age of 30, the Amateur Award, with a prize of €5,000, open to all those 
who are not pursuing a professional career in photography, the Academy Mention, with a prize of 
€2,000, open to students enrolled in a higher education institute studying in a field relevant to the 
Award, and Terna’s most voted work, with a prize of €2,000, open to all categories and awarded by 
Terna employees, who will vote on an exclusive preview of the finalist works through the TernaCult 
internal cultural platform. 
Terna Forward and DXT Commodities close a €2.8 billion round of investment in WESII

--- Page 182 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
182 
 
 
 
On 8 March 2024, Terna Forward, the Terna Group company dedicated to tech innovation and 
Corporate Venture Capital initiatives, and DXT Commodities S.A. (DXT), a Duferco Group company, 
have announced the completion of a €2.8 million round of investment, through a joint capital increase, 
in Wesii, a leading Italian company in inspection and remote-sensing services for the renewable energy 
sector. Traditional approaches for inspection of solar and wind systems or power lines involve land-
based techniques that can be time-consuming and costly. Since its founding, Wesii has focused on the 
use of drones and aircraft equipped with high-definition and infrared thermal cameras for the 
thermographic analysis of renewable plants and electric infrastructure. This provides a high level of 
accuracy and enables identification and geolocation of any faults. The data gathered by the startup are 
catalogued, standardised and analysed using AI algorithms and a proprietary platform in order to further 
improve predictive maintenance and asset monitoring. The investment in Wesii is the first direct 
investment in an innovative small medium enterprise by Terna Forward, a company of the Terna Group 
led by Giuseppina Di Foggia. Terna Forward uses an open-innovation approach to identify and support 
the most promising enterprises and those with the highest-impact technology for acceleration of the 
energy transition, including through Corporate Venture Capital investments. 
Consents process for the two new underground cable connections in the province of Sassari begins 
On 12 March 2024, following the launch, by the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security, of 
the consents process for the two new underground cable connections in the province of Sassari, Terna 
published the notice identifying the parcels of land that may be affected by the project in the 
municipalities of Alghero and Putifigari. The project, in which the company will invest around €45 
million, involves connecting the new “Alghero South” Primary Substation, which belongs to the local 
distributor, to the existing 150kV “Padria-Alghero” line. This will be achieved by constructing two 
underground cables with an overall length of approximately 20 km. The new infrastructure will allow 
the demolition of around 4 km of existing overhead power lines, for a total of 8 pylons that currently 
cross the municipalities involved. The work will enable to increase the resilience of the electricity 
system in the face of extreme weather events and boosting the reliability of the local grid thanks to the 
construction of new supply routes, while simultaneously reducing the environmental impact of the 
infrastructure on the community. 
 
Terna receives gender equality certification 
On 14 March 2024, Terna announced that it has received certification from the certifying body IMQ – 
Istituto Italiano Marchio di Qualità – confirming the compliance of its Gender Equality Management 
System with the standard UNI/ PdR 125:2022. The audit performed by the certifying body took place 
in person and remotely and looked at a sample of seven organisational structures of the four Group 
companies – Terna S.p.A., Terna Rete Italia S.p.A., Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l., and Terna Plus S.r.l. 
– with the audit lasting a total of around 90 hours. The IMQ auditors certified that this achievement was 
the result of implementing renewed and improved principles and criteria within the Group, bringing 
them further into line with the new Gender Equality Management System. The GEMS was implemented 
in early 2023 through close collaboration between various areas of the Group. This certification marks 
the fourteenth integrated management system implemented and managed by Terna. 
Start of consents process for reorganisation of the electricity grid between Caserta and Naples 
On 16 March 2024, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security began the consents process 
for Terna’s plan to reorganise the power grid in the towns of Maddaloni, in the province of Caserta, and 
Acerra, in the province of Naples. The Company, led by Giuseppina Di Foggia, will invest more than 
€38 million in the project, which will make it possible to reduce the impact of electrical infrastructure 
on the land. It will also increase the local grid’s resilience and security, as well as quality of service for

--- Page 183 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
183 
 
 
 
businesses and households. The project falls under a broader local grid development plan that involves 
building a new 220kV section inside the existing Santa Sofia Electrical Substation. With five new 
underground cable connections installed in the branch which includes the Santa Sofia substation and 
the lines south of the Maddaloni railway station, it will be possible to take down more than 9 km of 
overhead power lines and a total of 36 pylons, freeing up approximately 37 hectares of land. The project 
took shape after a round of intense and productive discussions with local institutions and falls under the 
2019 National Transmission Grid Defence Plan, which aims to resolve existing electrical infrastructure 
interference and make the electricity transmission service more reliable. The public and, specifically, 
landowners in the areas affected by the new project, will be able to read the plan documents at the 
offices of the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security, Campania Regional Authority and at 
the Municipalities of Maddaloni (CE) and Acerra (NA). They can also submit their written comments 
to the Ministry and to Terna, for the Company’s information, within the deadline established by law. 
2024-2028 Industrial Plan approved 
The results for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the new 2024-2028 Industrial Plan were approved 
on 19 March 2024, with improvements across all financial performance indicators. The meeting of the 
Board of Directors of Terna, chaired by Igor De Biasio, examined and approved the Group’s 2024-2028 
Industrial Plan and the results for the year ended 31 December 2023, presented by the Chief Executive 
Officer and General Manager, Giuseppina Di Foggia. Terna’s new Industrial Plan aims to consolidate 
the Company’s strategic role in enabling the Italian electricity system and, more generally, strengthen 
its commitment to driving the country’s energy transition. To achieve the decarbonisation goals set in 
the European Green Deal and the PNIEC, which aim to cut greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% 
by 2030, compared with 1990 levels, Terna plans to significantly increase investment over the life of 
the Plan to €16.5 billion. €2.6 billion of this will be invested in 2024. This is the highest level ever in 
the Group’s history and is 65% up on the last Plan. The key driver in the Industrial Plan is sustainable 
investment, a concept embedded in the Company’s value creation process and in the benefits for the 
system and the environment. In fact 99% of Terna’s capex is classified as sustainable based on EU 
Taxonomy criteria. 
Moody’s reaffirms Terna Baa2 rating with a stable outlook 
On 19 March 2024, Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s) reaffirmed the long-term Baa2 rating assigned 
to Terna S.p.A. (Terna) with a stable outlook, one notch above Italy’s sovereign rating. The assessment 
by the rating Agency came after the presentation of the 2024-2028 Industrial Plan, with the highest level 
of investments in Terna’s history, aimed at strengthening the Company’s central role as enabler of the 
energy transition and of an increasingly complex, sustainable and innovative electricity system. On 6 
February 2024, following the update of the “Government-Related Issuers” (GRI) methodology, through 
which the rating agency has extended its scope of application to certain entities indirectly owned by 
governments, Moody’s once again confirmed Terna’s long-term rating of ‘Baa2’, a notch above Italy’s 
sovereign rating, with a stable outlook. The rating agency also confirmed Terna’s ‘P-2’ short-term rating 
and the ‘Ba1’ rating of Terna’s subordinated debt. 
S&P reaffirms Terna’s BBB+ rating with a stable outlook 
On 19 March 2024, S&P Global Rating (S&P) reaffirmed the Company’s BBB+ long-term rating with 
a stable outlook, one notch above Italy’s sovereign rating. The assessment by the rating Agency came 
after the presentation of the 2024-2028 Industrial Plan, with the highest level of investments in Terna’s 
history, aimed at strengthening the Company’s central role as enabler of the energy transition and of an 
increasingly complex, sustainable and innovative electricity system. 
Launch of the “We are committed to the future of energy” corporate advertising campaign

--- Page 184 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
184 
 
 
 
On 21 March 2024, the new corporate advertising campaign produced by Terna, Italy’s national grid 
operator, was launched in the press and digital media. Among the new features this year is the mention 
of the Industrial Plan, putting corporate communication on a firm basis. ‘‘We are committed to the 
future of energy” is the claim in the campaign, which appeared in the media on 14 April, accompanying 
the launch of the new 2024-2028 Industrial Plan presented to investors on 19 March. “Faster. More 
digitalised. More sustainable. Fairer. This is the energy transition we want. It is an essential challenge 
for the future of us all: it requires Terna to have a wider vision and commit to elevating our mission of 
transmitting energy to the country to new levels of excellence. That is why our 2024-2028 Industrial 
Plan sets considerable new records and includes significant new developments. This is the energy of 
the future. Today.”. These are the words with which the Group, led by Giuseppina Di Foggia, 
substantiates its commitment towards a future that will face everyone with a series of unavoidable 
deadlines as we make take effective, definitive action to achieve the energy transition goals. 
Consents process for new “Gissi – Larino – Foggia” power line restarts 
On 27 March 2024, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security restarted the consents process 
for Terna’s new 380kV “Gissi- Larino- Foggia” overhead power line, after it was halted whilst awaiting 
confirmation of the project’s environmental compatibility. The project, in which the Company led by 
Giuseppina Di Foggia will invest over €270 million, will involve construction of a second backbone 
with an overall length of 134 km between the electricity substations of Villanova (PE) and Foggia, 
connecting with the input/output modules of the intermediate substations of Gissi (CH) and Larino 
(CB). The new power line will make the management and maintenance of the Adriatic Backbone more 
reliable and cost-effective with returns in terms of both efficiency and savings for families and 
businesses. In particular, the work will reduce grid losses for the transport of energy, minimise the risk 
of being unable to handle peak loads, and resolve congestion between the south and north and at local 
level that limit the production of renewable energy. Once operational, the line should help save 
approximately 50 Gwh per year and reduce CO2 emissions by around 21 kt CO2 per year, a testament 
to the Company’s constant commitment to guaranteeing sustainability for future generations. 
Consents process begins for rationalisation of power grid in the province of Messina 
On 28 March 2024, following the start, by the Regional Authority’s Energy and Public Utilities 
Department, of the consents process for the project involving rationalisation of the 150kV power grid 
in the province of Messina, Terna has published notice of the parcels of land potentially affected by the 
new infrastructure. The project, in which the Company is to invest approximately €18 million, will 
reduce the impact of electricity infrastructure on the local area and improve the reliability, security and 
efficiency of the local electricity service. The project involves a comprehensive restructuring and 
modernisation of the 150kV grid in the Valle del Mela (ME) area. The work will include extraordinary 
maintenance of existing power lines and the installation of 13 km of new connections and short-distance 
links, with over one third of these in underground cable, in the municipalities of Rometta, Saponara, 
Villafranca Tirrena and Messina. The project, associated with creation of the 380 kV “Sorgente-
Rizziconi” power line, follows the commitments made in the Memorandum of Understanding entered 
into with the Sicilian regional authority and the municipal authorities affected. 
Consent received for modernisation of the “Sant’Antimo – Fratta” power line linking the 
provinces of Naples and Caserta 
On 29 March 2024, the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security gave its consent for Terna’s 
final design for renewal of the 220kV power line between the Sant’Antimo primary substation and the 
Fratta electricity substation in the Metropolitan City of Naples. The project, in which the Company will 
invest approximately €18 million, meets the need to modernise the existing power line dating back to 
the 1940s. The project will increase the quality of the local electricity service, at the same time 
minimising the visual impact of the infrastructure and its effect on the landscape. The work will involve

--- Page 185 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
185 
 
 
 
laying approximately 8 km of underground cable in the municipalities of Sant’Antimo, Grumo Nevano, 
Frattamaggiore and Frattaminore in the province of Naples, and in the municipality of Sant’Arpino in 
the province of Caserta. 
Perpetual hybrid green bond worth €850 million successfully issued 
On 4 April 2024, Terna S.p.A. successfully launched an issue of euro-denominated, perpetual, 
subordinated, hybrid, non-convertible, fixed-rate green bonds to institutional investors, amounting to a 
total of €850 million. The issue received a very favourable response from the market, with applications 
topping €3 billion and the issue approximately 4 times oversubscribed. The issue attracted a high quality 
of geographically diversified investor. The bonds, issued in a single tranche, are non-convertible, 
subordinated, green, hybrid and perpetual and are non-callable for 6 years. The issue price was 
99.745%, with a spread of 214.2 basis points with respect to the Mid Swap rate. The issue will pay fixed 
annual coupon interest of 4.750%, payable until the first reset date (excluded) of 11 April 2030, and 
will have an effective interest rate of 4.800%. From this date, unless the bond has been redeemed early, 
the hybrid bond will pay interest at the 5-year Euro Mid Swap rate, increased by an initial spread of 
214.2 basis points, rising by a further 25 basis points from 11 April 2035 and by another 75 basis points 
from 11 April 2050. 
SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES 
Terna has, since 2002, adopted a voluntary approach designed to foster the involvement of local 
government in an earlier stage (regional and local authorities, park authorities, etc.). Since 2015, this 
has been extended to include people from the communities directly affected by Terna’s plans through 
public meetings called “Terna incontra”. These are planned events that institute a continuous 
communication channel with people from the communities directly affected by new electricity 
infrastructure, whether a power line or a substation, in order to enter into a participatory design process.  
In 2022, Terna maintained the digital format that was created in 2020 in response to the restrictions 
imposed by the pandemic. This combines traditional paper communication (leaflets and pamphlets) 
with digital content on the website (web pages providing digital information for online meetings) and 
social media (the publication of social media kits among local stakeholders and sponsored campaigns). 
A total of 17 Terna meetings were held in 2023, of which 14 were in-person, 2 online and 1 with a 
hybrid approach.  
Terna’s commitment to the environment and biodiversity led, in 2009, to the conclusion of partnership 
agreements with critical stakeholders, such as leading environmental organisations, with the aim of 
arriving at shared solutions designed to boost the environmental sustainability of the National 
Transmission Grid (NTG). Growing concerns over the impact of climate change, and the accompanying 
focus on ecological transition initiatives, has led to further cooperation between Terna and these 
organisations. Terna currently has partnerships with Legambiente, the WWF and Greenpeace. 
The pursuit of a proper balance between energy needs and environmental and territorial conservation, 
led Terna to develop, under the direction of ICMQ e Stantec experts, the Guidelines for the application 
of the Envision Protocol to electrical transmission infrastructures. By doing so, Terna aims to further 
enhance and, where possible, optimize the processes of consultation, design, implementation, and 
maintenance of electrical works, while promoting the sustainability of long-term project lifecycles, 
improving the quality of life of the local communities affected by the passage of electrical works as 
well as contributing to improve the company image through the adoption of an independent evaluation 
system for its projects. Following this, Terna has started a path that will lead to the Envision certification 
of its first project.

--- Page 186 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
186 
 
 
 
On 14 February 2023, Terna signed a new Memorandum of Understanding with environmental 
associations for the development and construction of increasingly sustainable electricity infrastructure, 
integrated into the local areas and respectful of the environment and biodiversity 
Terna’s commitment to the environment and biodiversity has been recently reaffirmed within the latest 
Industrial Plan in which Terna undertook to be “Science-based Target for Nature – ready” in line with 
the developments of the Science-based Targets Network (SBTN). Moreover, in October 2023, the Task 
Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) published its recommendations, giving Terna 
the opportunity to carry out an initial alignment process for its 2023 reporting on this topic. 
Approaches to climate change and the energy transition, within the context of this specific sector, have 
widened calls from numerous institutional investors for major companies to conduct an informed and 
full assessment of the business risks linked to ESG issues. Of particular importance, in terms of 
transparency and reporting, are the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (the so-called Bloomberg Task Force) regarding the publication of information on the 
implications of climate change for business strategies, in terms of risks and opportunities. This is 
considered of central importance, with regard to both the best possible allocation of investment and 
efforts to combat climate change. Terna has for some time now implemented these recommendations 
through a specific TCFD-aligned standalone report.   
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK  
The current legislative and regulatory structure of the electricity sector is determined by the Bersani 
Decree (as defined above) which, transposing the Directive 1996/92/EC led to the liberalisation of the 
electricity industry and by the following Legislative Decrees 93/2011 and 210/2021 transposing 
respectively Directive 2009/72/EC and Directive 2019/944/EU (hereinafter referred to as the 
Electricity Directives). 
The Bersani Decree and the following legislation implemented under the Electricity Directives, set 
forth: 
• 
The liberalisation of the production, import, export, purchase and sale of electricity on 
the market; 
• 
That the activities of both transmission and dispatching of electric energy are reserved 
to the State and are carried out by Terna under a concession granted to the Italian ISO 
and transferred to Terna after the acquisition of the Italian ISO assets on 1 November 
2005. The concession of Terna was granted on 20 April 2005 and was amended on  
15 December 2010 by the Ministry of Economic Development (now Ministry of the 
Environment and Energy Security); 
• 
That the activity of electricity distribution is carried out under the concessions issued 
by the Ministry of Economic Development (now Ministry of the Environment and 
Energy Security). 
After the Bersani Decree, further provisions were issued in order to guarantee and strengthen the 
separation between the liberalised activities and the transmission and dispatching activities and in order 
to guarantee that the transmission and dispatching activities are carried out in an objective and non-
discriminatory way without distinguishing between users or types of users. 
Law Decree 239/03 converted into Law 290/03 set forth further provisions referring to the electricity 
sector. Moreover, the above-mentioned Decree:

--- Page 187 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
187 
 
 
 
• 
Provided for integration of the ownership and management of the National Transmission 
Grid; and 
• 
As of 1 July 2007, prevented companies (including Enel) operating in the production, 
importation, distribution and sale of electricity or natural gas, and any company 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the State, operating in the above-mentioned sectors, 
from holding, directly or indirectly, more than 20 per cent. of the share capital of any 
company that both owns and manages any part of the National Transmission Grid or of 
the gas transmission network. 
The Presidential Decree of 11 May 2004, (hereinafter the DPCM – Decreto del Presidente del Consiglio 
dei Ministri), implementing Law 290/03 set forth, among others, that: 
• 
The Italian ISO was required to draft, by no later than 31 December 2004, a document 
named “Network transmission, dispatch, development and safety code” (hereinafter 
referred to as the Grid Code), which had to contain objective and non-discriminatory 
rules for the use of, and access to, the National Transmission Grid with respect to the 
transmission, dispatching and management operations of the same. 
The Grid Code was approved by the Ministry of Productive Activities (currently Ministry of 
the Ecological Transition) and the ARERA. The Grid Code is amended and updated in order to 
ensure compliance with the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and every 
modification, addition and change is subject to approval (including by acquiescence) by the 
Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security and the ARERA according to their relevant 
competences. 
• 
The entity resulting from integration of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid should be operated in an objective manner without distinguishing 
between users or types of users and that the relevant By-Laws should be amended (prior 
to the earlier of Enel losing control of Terna and the integration) to provide, among 
others, for the following: 
○ 
Any company operating in the production, importation, distribution, sale or 
transmission of electricity (or which controlled, was controlled by or was under 
common control with, any such company) and having a shareholding exceeding 
5 per cent. of the shares of the resulting entity would be prohibited from voting, 
in the election of the resulting entity’s Directors, those shares exceeding 5 per 
cent. of the voting share capital in the resulting entity; 
○ 
No person other than the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or 
entities controlled by any of them) was allowed to hold more than 5 per cent. 
of Terna’s share capital (which provision was not to be amended for at least 
three years from the integration). In any event, a shareholder with a 
shareholding, direct or indirect, of more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share 
capital, would not be entitled to vote those shares exceeding the 5 per cent. 
threshold. However, according to Law 474/94, this limitation on holding more 
than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share capital did not apply in the case of a public 
tender offer with the purpose of acquiring the entire outstanding share capital 
of Terna in accordance with Articles 106 and 107 of the Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (TUF).

--- Page 188 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
188 
 
 
 
Legislative Decree 93/2011 implementing Directive 2009/72/EC (as amended by Legislative Decree 
210/2021 implementing Directive 2019/944/EC) concerning common rules on the internal market in 
electricity set forth that: 
• 
Terna is prevented, both directly and indirectly, from carrying out electric energy 
production or supply activities or from managing, even only on a temporary basis, 
electric energy production plants; 
• 
Within three months of the entry into force of this legislative decree, the ARERA defines 
and initiates the procedure pursuant to Article 10 of Directive 2009/72/EC for the 
certification of the national transmission system operator according to the ownership 
unbundling model. On the basis of this procedure the ARERA is required to adopt a 
certification decision on Terna. 
Terna has been certified as an independent Transmission System Operator according to the “ownership 
unbundling” model with Resolution of ARERA 142/2013/R/eel. 
Applicable legislation (the general principles and rules of administrative procedure as defined by Law 
241/1990 and the Law Decree 239/2003) and the Environmental Law (Legislative Decree 3 April 2006 
No. 152) established a procedure for transmission grid development projects that should last for 180 
days. Instead, the time limit is usually extended (even to two or three years) since required binding 
advice (in particular, the Environmental Impact Assessment) is not issued within the applicable 
deadline. Such delays represent a loss of revenue for Terna and sometimes raise difficulties in 
investment planning. 
Procurement procedures are governed by the Legislative Decree 31 March 2023 No. 36. 
The Italian Government has notified the EU Commission of the PNIEC, provided for by Regulation 
2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Governance of the Energy Union. The 
PNIEC describes the current situation for each of the five dimensions of the Energy Union (energy 
security; the internal energy market; energy efficiency; decarbonisation; and research, innovation and 
competitiveness), including the energy system and greenhouse gas emissions and removals. It 
consequently sets the main objectives, targets and contributions for the aforementioned dimensions of 
the energy union, on a 2030 horizon and a 2050 horizon, and describes the measures and policies which 
the Government intends to implement to achieve them. 
In July 2021 the European Commission proposed a new package of initiatives called “Fit-for-55” that 
was designed to reduce the European Union’s greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by 2030 compared to 
1990 levels. The package of proposals aims at providing a coherent and balanced framework for 
reaching the EU’s climate objectives: in Italy, renewable energy will need to cover at least 65% of end 
consumption in the electricity sector by 2030 (compared to the 55% initially set out in PNIEC in 2019), 
for a total of 70 GW of additional power plants wind and solar (compared to previous target set out it 
PNIEC in 2019).  
The package “Fit-for-55” was born with 14 proposals legislation, where 5 are new and 9 are 
amendments of existing regulations. On top of these, 3 more were completed in December 2021. Part 
of it is:  
- 
the directive about energy efficiency; 
- 
the directive about renewable energy (RED); 
- 
the regulation on the implementation of a fuel infrastructure alternatives (AFIR); 
- 
the regulation establishing a mechanism for carbon border adjustment (CBAM);

--- Page 189 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
189 
 
 
 
- 
the so-called “hydrogen and gas markets decarbonisation package” establishing a market for 
hydrogen, promoting investment and enabling the development of dedicated infrastructures, 
also international ones. 
Terna has taken the FF55 package as an input for the definition of joint scenarios between Terna and 
Snam (654/2017/R/EEL and 689/2017/R/gas) which were considered for the preparation of the new 
ten-year Development Plan published in March 2023. Development Plan 2023 promotes the energy 
transition, the integration of renewable sources, the develop of international interconnections, the 
increase of the level of security and resilience of the electricity system and invest in grid digitalization. 
A new European regulation called REPowerEU is currently ongoing: it represents the response of the 
European Commission to the world energy market difficulties caused by pandemic and due to Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine. The REPowerEU package is divided into 12 documents proposing short-term and 
medium/long-term measures according to four macro-areas of intervention: (i) efficiency measures and 
energy saving; (ii) diversification of supplies; (iii) replacement of fossil fuels through acceleration of 
RES development; (iv) all measures supported through public and private financing and investment. 
REPowerEU Plan sets new increased targets for Italy. The new PNIEC is currently under review and 
will be updated based on new targets. 
In the framework of the Recovery and Resilience Plan, the legislative framework is subject to important 
changes for accelerating the realisation of infrastructure in order to enhance and increase RES 
integration and decarbonisation objectives (i.e. Law Decree 76/2020, Law Decree 77/2021, Law 
Decree. 36/2022 and Law Decree 13/2023). In addition, as mentioned above, the urgency caused by the 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine is at the basis of new national legislative changes (Law Decree 
14/2022) in order to increase the security of energy supply accelerating the realisation of RES power 
plants and related infrastructure.   
TARIFF SYSTEM 
Revenue structure 
As of 31 December 2023, the Terna Group’s total consolidated revenues (excluding pass-through items) 
amounted to Euro 3,186.7 million. The majority of these revenues (Euro 2,669.8 million) derive from 
activities regulated by the ARERA whereas the remainder derives from Non-Regulated and 
International Activities. 
Regulated revenues 
Regulated revenues are meant to cover the allowed costs for the transmission and dispatching services, 
according to rules set for a whole regulatory period in specific Resolutions, which are for 2020-23, the 
2nd half of the 5th regulatory period, Resolution 568/19 for transmission and Resolution 351/07 – as 
subsequently amended by Resolution 574/19 – for dispatching. There are three main categories of 
allowed costs: RAB remuneration, allowed depreciation and allowed operational expenditures (opex). 
• 
RAB remuneration: it is calculated by applying the WACC to the value of the Regulatory Asset 
Base. The RAB is the allowed net value of investments entered into operation, it is revalued 
annually on the basis of the gross-fixed-investment deflator and is annually updated to account 
for yearly transmission investments, D&A and decommissioning. The WACC is the Weighted 
Average Cost of Capital, which is calculated according to criteria set by the NRA for the period 
2022-27 through Resolution 614/2021/R/com (which foresees a mid-period review of the 
WACC at the end of the first three years and the possibility of a further yearly update of the 
WACC during the first three years – so-called trigger mechanism – in case a change of the main 
market parameters of WACC formula would lead to a change in WACC of at least 50 bps). For 
2022 the WACC has been set at 5.0 per cent and this value has been confirmed for 2023 through 
Resolution 654/2022/R/com, while ARERA, with Resolution 556/2023/R/com, provided for

--- Page 190 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
190 
 
 
 
the updating of the WACC for 2024 – following the activation of the trigger mechanism for 
that year – setting a WACC value of 5.8% for the Electricity Transmission service.. 
• 
Allowed depreciation: it is calculated on assets entered into operation, according to the 
regulatory useful life set by the NRA for specific asset categories and annually revalued by 
applying changes in the gross-fixed-investments deflator. 
• 
Allowed opex: they are set by the NRA at the beginning of each regulatory sub-period, 
considering the actual annual operating costs of a reference year (i.e. 2018 actual value for the 
regulatory sub-period 2020-23) and on the residual portions – temporarily left to Terna – of the 
extra-efficiencies achieved in the preceding regulatory periods. The whole amount is revalued 
annually through an inflation index and reduced by an efficiency factor aimed at completing, 
over time, the transfer to final users of the achieved extra-efficiencies. 
With Resolution 615/2023/R/eel, ARERA established the criteria for setting tariffs for the transmission 
and dispatching service for the sixth regulatory period (2024-2027). The new regime reflects the 
application of the new totex/output-based regulation for the period 2024-2031 introduced by 
Resolutions 163/2023/R/com and 497/2023/R/com, which envisage the gradual switch to an approach 
based on the recognition of costs based on total expenditure incurred (operating and capital expenditure) 
and focuse more on outputs and the levels of service provided. 
The cost recognition principles applied in the four-year period 2020-2023 described above are broadly 
the same as those to be applied in the sixth regulatory period. The most significant differences relate to: 
• 
the treatment of fixed assets in progress for which, unlike in the previous period, is envisaged 
the revaluation for the purposes of calculating the related remuneration based on constant rates 
of remuneration, no longer differentiated on the basis of how long ago the expenditure was 
incurred (equal to a WACC calculated with a D/E ratio of 4), and the extension of the period of 
remuneration from 4 to 6 years for major projects (where expenditure exceeds €1 billion and 
construction times estimated ex ante of over four years); 
• 
the introduction of a correction factor (the z-factor) for recognising, during the regulatory 
period, incremental operating expenses linked to investment relating to the energy transition or 
to changes in the scope of the activities carried out in providing regulated services; 
• 
recognition, starting from new infrastructure entering service in 2024 and with effect from 
2025, of depreciation from the year immediately following the entry into service, bringing 
forward the start by one year with respect to the current timing; 
• 
the standard allocation of total expenditure (operating and capital expenditure) incurred from 
2024 to the slow money component (increasing the regulatory asset base) and the fast money 
component (immediately recovered through the tariff) through the application of a standard rate 
– the capitalisation rate – determined ex-ante by ARERA based on historical data and 
projections aimed at ensuring that the investment plan is fully funded. 
In addition to the items mentioned above, part of the remuneration of the transmission and dispatching 
services comes from regulatory output-based incentives and it is linked to achievement of specific 
targets, such as: 
• 
mechanism for improving the quality of the service, which foresees, in addition to the premium-
penalty mechanism related to energy not supplied KPI (so-called “ENSR”, having a +30/-12 
million per year. cap and floor), also a “mitigation mechanism” for services provided by 
distribution companies: some specific types of power outage or voltage asymmetry conditions

--- Page 191 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
191 
 
 
 
which affect VHV/MV or HV/MV transformation plants directly connected to the NTG may 
give rise to mitigation services supplied by the distribution companies; such services are paid 
by Terna up to caps set both for single outage and for the yearly total amount. Moreover, in 
specific situations and up to caps set in the regulation, Terna may share penalties/refunds 
applied to distribution companies when outages under Terna’s responsibility occur affecting 
customers connected to MV and LV distribution networks and such outages come from not 
complying with the specific standards established by the Authority (in terms of 
duration/number of outages). Terna’s share for exceeding the outage duration standards has a 
maximum annual limit of Euro 70 million (if exceeded, Terna may request that the Authority 
provides reimbursement of the amount exceeding the cap). Terna’s share for exceeding the 
standards on the number of outages is limited according to the provisions of the distribution 
service quality regulation. In certain specific cases, Terna may request the “Fund for 
Exceptional Events, Resilience and other special project” to refund such payments. 
• 
an incentive system for the delivery, in the five-year period 2019-2023, of projects designed to 
increase transmission capacity between market areas: this involves recognition of an incentive, 
capped at €150 million, in proportion to the ratio between capacity delivered by 2023 and the 
target capacity (Resolution 567/2019/R/eel), plus an additional bonus in the event of the 
deployment of transport capacity using efficient solutions, including those that are capital light. 
The mechanism also envisages that the award may be reduced by the regulator if the ratio 
between the average transmission capacity made available for the day-ahead market and winter 
peak transmission capacity is significantly below historical levels of this ratio, in one or more 
of the three years following the entry into service of the investment that made available the 
additional transmission capacity; 
• 
an incentive mechanism, with a three-year duration (2022-2024), aimed at rewarding the 
efficiency of dispatching activities and, as a result, reducing MSD costs and the cost relating to 
the shortfall in wind production and essential plants (Resolution 597/2021/R/eel and Resolution 
132/2022/R/eel). The incentive is calculated annually based on Terna’s performance, assessed 
by comparing effective dispatching costs in the incentive year with costs in the year in question, 
suitably adjusted to take into account commodity price movements and other corrective factors 
(the bonus awarded to Terna is equal to 12% of the total saving obtained over a three-year 
period).  
With reference to the period 2024-2027, the Authority has published Resolution 55/2024 by which sets 
the new framework related to the output-based regulation of the electricity transmission service. The 
Resolution confirms the current mechanisms with specific adjustments as follows: 
 
• 
Incentive mechanism related to the increase of transmission capacity that envisages for: a) 
2024, the extension of the current mechanism with an increase of the premium of €30 million 
(thus arriving at a new maximum value of €180 million for the period 2019-2024); b) 2025-
2027 an update of the parameters for the calculation of the premium, whose maximum value is 
set to €90 million. Further, for 2024-2025 it is provided for the extension of the current 
incentive mechanism for the efficiency in investment costs. From 2026 the mechanism will 
flow into the Ross – integrale model. 
• 
Incentive mechanism to obtaining capital grants where the total amount of the award will be 
calculated as a percentage of the contribution obtained set proportionally on the utility of the 
intervention with a minimum of 5% and a maximum of 15%.  
• 
Incentive mechanism on the quality of the transmission grid service that envisages for 2024 – 
2025 the extension of the current mechanism while reducing the previous premium/penalty cap

--- Page 192 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
192 
 
 
 
(30/-12 € mln/per year) to 12/-8 € mln/per year. While for 2026 – 2027 it is provided for a 
possible introduction of a new incentive mechanism with the aim at maintaining the continuity 
of the transmission service. 
With reference to the structure of the transmission and the dispatching tariffs: 
• 
The transmission tariff (CTR), invoiced by Terna to distributors connected to the National 
Transmission Grid (NTG), has a dual structure, made of a power component (so-called CTRP, 
covering the 90 per cent. of the allowed transmission costs) and an energy component (CTRE, 
covering the 10 per cent. of the allowed transmission costs). In Resolution 615/2023/R/eel, the 
regulator has increased the CTRP from 90% to 93% for the sixth regulatory period (2024-2027), 
thus reducing the weight attributed to the CTRE from 10% to 7%. The CTR exposure to volume 
dynamics is limited to the CTRE component; the CTRP component is not exposed to volume 
dynamics since the capacity driver considered in order to calculate ex ante the CTRP is the 
same that is considered ex post to invoice the same component to distributors. 
• 
The dispatching tariff (DIS), remunerating Terna for the activities related to the dispatching 
service and invoiced by Terna to the withdrawal dispatching users in proportion to the 
respective quantities of energy dispatched, is monomial, wholly calculated and invoiced on 
energy only. This means that any difference between the energy forecast (considered to 
calculate the tariff) and the actual energy values (considered to invoice the tariff to the 
dispatching users) determines a difference between dispatching allowed costs and dispatching 
revenues. Such volume exposure is limited to a ±0.5 per cent. by a mitigation mechanism, where 
Terna is compensated for missing revenues up to 99.5 per cent. of recognised costs or returns 
the revenues exceeding 100.5 per cent. 
Pass-through items 
In addition to regulated revenues and those generated by non-regulated activities, Terna manages “pass-
through” cost and revenue which do not influence net income on the Terna Group’s Income Statement 
(revenues equal costs).  These items are mainly related to purchases and sales of electricity and services 
with market operators on the electricity and services markets needed by Terna for the dispatching 
activities. The pass-through items also include, among others: 
• 
costs and revenues related to the Capacity market which Terna collects from withdrawal 
dispatching users and passes on to the producers who make the capacity available on the market. 
This mechanism ensures the adequacy of production capacity to cover the national demand and 
the necessary reserve margins.  
• 
Payments that Terna collects from the withdrawal dispatching users and passes on to the 
operators which supply the load interruption service. 
• 
Payments that Terna collects from the withdrawal dispatching users and passes on to the 
operators which supply virtual import services. 
A relevant percentage of pass-through items is related to the uplift, a tariff component billed on a pro 
rata basis to each operator (dispatching user) to cover the net expenses incurred to procure resources on 
the Ancillary Services Market and Balancing Market (MSD). 
In 2023, pass-through revenues and costs for the Terna Group totalled Euro 8,835.2 million. The 
components of these transactions are detailed in the Terna Annual Report 2023 (page 395).

--- Page 193 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
193 
 
 
 
ISSUER’S SECURITY 
Cyber Security 
The electric grid may be affected by a variety of external threats and the system operation may 
experience several vulnerabilities. Facing these threats, the electric grid is also experiencing an 
increasing array of cybersecurity risks, as well as significant challenges to addressing those risks. In 
order to keep a high level of security for its critical infrastructures, Terna adopts advanced solutions in 
terms of dedicated organization, suitable systems infrastructures and internal processes as well as 
procedures aimed at preventing and managing critical scenarios. 
In particular, the implemented security measures are aimed at protecting the company’s infrastructures 
as well as at promoting actions focused on the prevention and management of specific risks, such as 
fraud risks, information security risks in line with the objectives set out in Terna’s mission. 
In order to prevent such risks, Terna has implemented an integrated security model that encompasses 
both prevention and incident management processes. Typical prevention measures are managed through 
the Information Security Strategy, Cybersecurity Engineering & Architectures, and Cybersecurity 
Assessment & Assurance activities. 
Furthermore, in order to manage and monitor in real-time security critical situations affecting the most 
important infrastructures, Terna has adopted an advanced system for cyber protection establishing a  
Computer Emergency Readiness Team (hereinafter referred as CERT), capable of preventing, dealing 
with and managing these critical situations. 
In addition, Terna has adopted cooperative arrangements with the CNAIPIC – Centro Nazionale 
Anticrimine Informatico per la Protezione delle Infrastrutture Criticheand the CSIRT – Computer 
Security Incident Response Team Italia for the exchange of information in order to improve the 
management of security events such as cyber-attacks. 
Physical Security 
The physical security of substations is assured by using devices, systems and units operating 24 hours 
a day, seven days a week. To safeguard the security of the Issuer’s premises and plant, Terna has also 
developed a surveillance platform called the Integrated Physical Security System for Terna Substations, 
which allows the dedicated surveillance centre – the Security Operations Centre or SOC – to 
continuously monitor (VideoBox) any intrusion alarms and video from 370 substations. 
Terna has partnered with Italy’s Carabinieri police force to further strengthen its new communications 
and rapid intervention system, which enables the SOC to quickly alert the police in the event of attempts 
at forced entry to critical substations, all equipped with video surveillance equipment. The system is 
called “O.D.I.N.O.” (Operational Device for Information, Networking and Observation) and is 
connected, via a secure link, to the centralised operating system used by Carabinieri operations rooms 
throughout Italy. 
In 2019 the Advanced Enterprise Protection System (SETA) was released. SETA aims to provide an 
integrated, georeferenced system for managing business threats and emergencies, based on a single 
infrastructure available to the SOC. SETA will be made available to senior management and the 
Company’s key departments. 
As regards the existing Memorandum of Understanding, on 7 January 2021, an agreement was signed 
between the Carabinieri and Terna, aimed at further boosting physical protection of Italy’s strategic 
electricity infrastructure. As part of the agreement, Terna has guaranteed, Terna has guaranteed an 
additional 675 state-of-the-art devices to the units directly involved in monitoring the infrastructure.

--- Page 194 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
194 
 
 
 
Furthermore, on 15 October 2021, Terna has signed a protocol that expands and strengthens the existing 
synergies between the operator of the Italian transmission grid and the Guardia di Finanza. In particular, 
in order to guarantee the safe and continuous operation of the strategic infrastructure Terna manages, 
the company has supplied additional technologically advanced equipment for the needs of the air, sea 
and alpine rescue corps in consideration of the widespread distribution over the territory and the ability 
to operate promptly even in areas that are not easily and ordinarily accessible. The actions aimed at 
protecting the Italian electricity system include monitoring Terna’s strategic sites and plants, especially 
those located in the mountains and undersea cables and, in general, in the areas most difficult to reach. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Terna’s risk management is conducted according to a process that is widespread in the organization and 
that provides for the systematic and iterated risks’ identification, evaluation, treatment and monitoring. 
Terna’s risk management model is inspired and referred to the best existing practices such as, for 
example, the international reference model Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (CoSO), then applied and 
customized to Terna business and organization. 
This model is periodically reviewed and continuously improved to respond to internal changes, as well 
as to changes in the external context (also taking into consideration emerging risks) and best practices. 
The application of the risk management model is structured and executed through a systemic approach. 
It integrates in the organization the three control levels required by the “Corporate Governance Code” 
(developed by Borsa Italiana), each with different objectives and responsibilities. In addition, the Group 
implements procedures and processes aimed at coordinating the activities of the second and third level 
control structures, minimizing duplication of activities and maximizing the efficiency of the Internal 
Control and Risk Management System. The phases of risk management (identification, evaluation, 
treatment and monitoring of risks) take place (at least annually) according to the industrial plan 
definition/update. Starting from company’s objectives (divided into strategic and recurring ones), risks 
are identified in order to consider potential risky events which could affect the achievement of the 
objectives themselves. Each event is then assessed according to Terna’s risk assessment methodology 
and the risk management strategy is defined for each significant risk, identifying any specific actions 
required and the relative implementation timelines. Risk Assessment update in 2024 has been 
characterized by a progressive integration between risk analysis and ESG themes. In fact, the growing 
attention of companies and markets, increasingly oriented towards the adoption of sustainable finance 
instruments, to sustainability issues and objectives is leading to a greater focus on ESG factors and the 
related risks, in particular those of an environmental nature (climate change) and social (erosion of 
social cohesion), both with potential negative impacts in terms of reputational capital. The inclusion of 
ESG factors in the perimeter of the risks to be monitored, managed and monitored is a significant 
element of good governance, as highlighted, since 2020, in the “Corporate Governance Code”, which 
invites the board directors and the management to adopt sustainability-oriented strategies to realize the 
sustainable success of their organization. 
Risk analysis process is executed every year in Terna through two different approaches that cover the 
entire company perimeter: Top-Down approach and Bottom-Up one. Top-Down approach is focused 
on the main risks that could compromise the achievement of the Group’s objectives. The Bottom-Up is 
focused on risks related to business processes. 
Risk analysis results are collected in different periodic reports made available to the Management and 
to the Board of Directors. Information on the Risk Management System and the main findings of the 
Risk Analysis and Management are also reported in the Management Report (financial statements).]

--- Page 195 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
195 
 
 
 
Management Systems 
The Integrated Management System is the tool that – via certified management systems – optimises 
coordination of all the units responsible for overseeing business processes. It is also an important risk 
management tool because it ensures the effectiveness and efficiency of systems and highlights potential 
risks in the areas under observation.  
The Integrated Management System also plays a key role in stakeholder engagement, by monitoring 
and measuring issues of interest to stakeholders, and keeping a constant eye on improvement, thereby 
helping to boost transparency and trust in stakeholders’ relations with the Group. 
The Integrated Management System covers all the Italian and international activities of Terna S.p.A., 
and its subsidiaries, Terna Plus S.r.l., Terna Rete Italia S.p.A., Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l. and Terna 
Crna Gora d.o.o. 
In 2023, the Terna Group successfully completed the necessary procedures to maintain and renew all 
existing certifications/accreditations, and also extended the scope of certification of the Montenegrin 
company, Terna Crna Gora, to include the Quality, Environment, Safety and Energy systems for the 
operation and maintenance activities of the Kotor power station site.  
In early 2023, in line with a continuous improvement approach aimed at ensuring the highest quality 
for the business model by monitoring corporate processes, Terna is the first company in Italy to certify 
its Compliance Management System in accordance with the ISO 37301:2021 standard, extendend to 
the relevant compliance obligations of the main Terna Group subsidiaries (Terna S.p.A., Terna Rete 
Italia S.p.A., Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l, Terna Plus S.r.l.), in order to guarantee effective monitoring 
of such compliance obligations. The certification was confirmed following the surveillance audit on 
September 29, 2023. 
From 1 March 2024 Terna, Terna Rete Italia Spa, Terna Plus Srl e Terna Energy Solutions Srl have 
obtained the Gender Equality Management System certification in according to UNI PdR 125:2022. An 
target that highlights our Group’s commitment to fairness and equal opportunities in selection, growth, 
development and remuneration, as well as to the elimination of inequalities, for the creation of an 
inclusive work environment and for the enhancement of uniqueness of each person. 
Terna is the first Italian company to obtain UNI Pdr 104 2021 certification related to the management 
and internal control system of administrative and accounting processes for the Parent Company, Terna 
S.p.A., and its subsidiaries. 
UNI Pdr 104 2021 certification, which is issued by Intertek Italia and valid for five years, evaluates the 
internal development of financial reporting procedures, and also certifies robust oversight of 
administrative and tax matters and their audit processes. 
Terna has also been admitted to the cooperative compliance regime by the tax authorities, which is 
aimed at increasing the degree of certainty regarding the relevant tax issues through constant, 
prearranged engagement with the tax authority on specific matters, with a view to jointly evaluating 
situations that are likely to generate tax risks. As a result of being admitted to this regime, Terna has

--- Page 196 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
196 
 
 
 
been included in a list of companies operating in a fully transparent manner with the Italian tax 
authority, which is published on the tax authority’s website. 
This puts management of the tax variable among the indicators of the Group’s excellent performance, 
including in the ESG sphere, as tax revenues are an important source for Italy’s economic and social 
development. 
By obtaining this certification, the number of management systems implemented and managed by Terna 
rises to 14. 
Business Reputation Intelligence 
Terna has implemented a control system, managed by its Third Parties Due Diligence Unit, that is, inter 
alia, dedicated to monitoring its counterparties and improving its corporate security (including with 
regard to Sanctions). Terna has also introduced additional management tools and prevention measures, 
and monitors, on a periodic basis, the effectiveness of its strategies and controls in this regard. 
In particular, and with regard to Terna Group’s international transactions, Terna Group: (i) starting from 
May 2020 has developed and last updated on 15 April 2024, the internal compliance guidelines (the 
Trade Compliance Guidelines) and a set of operating guidelines defining sanctions compliance 
procedures and (ii) is carrying out due diligence activities on a periodic basis - conducted directly by 
the Third Parties Due Diligence Unit or by Terna’s subsidiaries, under the supervision and/or periodic 
internal audits of the Third Parties Due Diligence Unit, in order to verify and detect whether any 
transaction perceived by Terna as being of higher risk could violate Sanctions, if applicable, thereby 
minimising the risk that any such violation will occur in connection with future transactions. 
Moreover, in order to address any potential risk arising from certain transactions, as mentioned in the 
risk factor “Sanctions Risks associated with Terna Group’s transactions involving certain countries 
and activities”, Terna has also hired several external consultants to enhance its due diligence processes 
(the Processes) on such transactions. The Processes have been, are and will be, carried out from a 
worldwide regulatory perspective, with particular focus from a European Union, United States, United 
Kingdom and United Nations perspective, in order to evaluate such transactions’ compliance with 
Sanctions. The Processes constantly provide Terna Group with updates on the worldwide regulatory 
Sanctions-related framework and with a view to determining whether or not any breach of Sanctions 
may result, also taking into consideration any carve-outs and exceptions applicable to Terna Group. 
In this context, inter alia, the Processes have considered the transactions with a potential sanctions 
nexus performed by Tamini Group including sales, either directly or indirectly through third parties, of 
transformers (and, in certain cases, reactors, spare parts and related maintenance and/or repair services) 
to various end-users for installation mainly in steel manufacturing plants and electric utilities also 
located in many foreign countries (currently in particular, Iraq, Serbia, Zimbabwe in the past also China, 
Ukraine, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, and Venezuela). For the first quarter of 2024, the amount 
of revenues generated by the Tamini Group and derived from the above mentioned transactions was 
less than 0.5 per cent. of the consolidated revenues of the Terna Group. Furthermore, as a result of such 
Processes, the Terna Group concluded that, to the best of its knowledge, Tamini Group had no exposure 
vis-à-vis counterparties resident or located in Embargoed Jurisdictions.] 
The same approach has been adopted vis-à-vis Brugg Kabel AG further to its acquisition in February 
2020. In this regard, the Processes have concerned transactions with a potential sanctions nexus 
performed by the Brugg Kabel Group for the supply of cables, cable accessories and services involving 
some foreign countries (currently in particular Iraq, China and in the past also Belarus, Lebanon, Turkey 
and Libya). In this respect the amount of revenues generated by the Brugg Kabel Group and derived 
from the above mentioned transactions, for the first quarter of 2024, was less than 0.5 per cent. of the

--- Page 197 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
197 
 
 
 
consolidated revenues of the Terna Group. Furthermore, as a consequence of such Processes, and as of 
the date hereof, to the best of Issuer’s knowledge, the Brugg Kabel Group has no exposure vis-à-vis 
counterparties resident or located in Embargoed Jurisdictions. 
Following the beginning of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the worsening of the sanctions programs 
against these countries, Terna Group has also started an assessment in relation to transactions and 
activities with counterparties located in Russia and Belarus and is continuing to closely monitor 
potential transactions with counterparties located in Russia and Belarus or that might involve Russian 
and/or Belarusian counterparties. Indeed, the analysis of the counterparties’ risk, are currently 
conducted directly by Third Parties Due Diligence Unit, under the supervision and/or periodic internal 
audits of the Third Parties Due Diligence Unit, with the aim of broadly monitoring the reputational 
reliability risks of third parties (i.e. with regard to issues such as economic and financial sanctions, and 
ethics). 
The activities of the Business Reputation Intelligence Department and of the Third Parties Due 
Diligence Unit consist of: 
• 
identifying critical areas of potential reputational risks; 
• 
defining monitoring and control procedures (i.e. in order to establish appropriate tools for 
preventing misconduct); 
• 
periodically monitoring the efficiency of the compliance measures in place; 
• 
coordinating and periodically monitoring the Due Diligence activities when carried out by 
subsidiaries of Terna also by means of supervision activities and/or internal audits; 
• 
implementing protocols with Institutions in order to prevent attempts of criminal infiltration, or 
the improper transmission of data, information and news about contracting and subcontracting 
firms; and 
• 
the implementation of the Trade Compliance Guidelines, and the conducting of due diligence 
procedures, on a structured and periodic basis, on any transaction from a risk based perspective.  
Management of Supplier Risk 
In order to manage the supplier risk, Terna uses a Supplier Qualification System, set up pursuant to the 
related EU directives (Legislative Decree 50 of 18 April 2016 “Public contracts code for the supply of 
works, services and goods” and repealed by the Legislative Decree 36 of 31 March 2023, coming into  
force on 1 April 2023 and valid and effective from 1 July 2023), for all the main core categories of 
goods, works and services that Terna intends to procure, established on the basis of strategic importance, 
degree of competitiveness and annual procurement volumes. 
Information and Cyber Security Risk 
Terna has an Information Security Governance Model which enables it to identify and manage the most 
significant cyber risks. It is based on policies and procedures, combined with a coordinated Information 
Risk Management operating programme, led and coordinated by the Group’s CISO (Chief Information 
Security Officer). 
Information Risk Management is the activity of the Information Security Framework, which allows it 
to identify, assess and treat the risks related to Group Information Systems.

--- Page 198 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
198 
 
 
 
The activity is located downstream of the Information System classification phase and selection of 
controls and has the objective of containing the risk level within acceptable limits by means of 
appropriate countermeasures on the assets. In addition to being a good practice for maintaining security, 
Information Risk Management is also necessary to fulfil legal obligations (e.g. EU Regulation 
2016/679) or other obligations related to the security of Critical Infrastructures. The context in which 
Information Risk Management operates is subject to change over time and includes: 
• 
the organisational set-up of the company; 
• 
the threats and vulnerabilities; 
• 
the impacts on the company. 
Information security requires the supervision of the entire life cycle of systems from the planning and 
start-up phase of the project to the final phase of decommissioning. 
Each phase requires specific obligations that accompany system development, operation and 
decommissioning with targeted information security management and monitoring activities 
(identification of protection measures, their implementation, verification of their effectiveness, 
maintenance or improvement of the security level) provided for by the Information Security Framework 
adopted by Terna. 
The framework for the security measures, based on Cyber Security by Design principles, used to 
mitigate this risk is based to NIST 800.53 standard, thus ensuring alignment with best international 
practices. Some projects involving Cyber Risk Quantitative Analysis were also completed, with special 
reference to survey the market prices quoted by insurance brokers for Cyber Risk Assurance policies 
for certain forms of cyber risk. 
Terna designs, implements and promotes corporate initiatives of Cybersecurity Awareness, for the 
personnel of all Group companies. In addition, it promotes models of cooperation, with other operators 
in the sector in the cyber field, to contribute to the mitigation of cyber threats by comparing ideas, 
learning best practices, accessing knowledge, exchanging experiences, developing networking and 
information sharing. 
In addition, Terna’s Computer Emergency Readiness Team (CERT) was sued to implement a structured 
process for identifying and rapidly containing security breaches, minimising any data loss and working 
to restore the affected services. 
In addition to the above, following an innovative approach to risk reduction policies, Terna cooperates 
with Cyber Security institutional partners (national and international regulatory bodies and authorities) 
with which to share the risks resulting from its activities. These include CNAIPIC (the National Centre 
for Combating Cyber Crime and for the Protection of Critical Infrastructure) and Italian CSIRT 
(Computer Security Incident Response Team) within the National Cybersecurity Agency (ACN). In 
2018, Terna and the Civil Protection Department signed a Memorandum of Understanding with a view 
to achieving maximum operating efficiency and effectiveness in relation to predicting, preventing and 
mitigating the related risks and managing and overcoming emergencies. In the agreement, attention is 
paid to the prevention and management of natural and man-made risks that may be detrimental to the 
continuity of the electricity service in Italy, and for which Company resources may need to be used. 
The agreement provides for the optimisation of procedures and the flow of communications between 
Terna and the Department under both ordinary and emergency conditions. This may include potential 
integration of the respective information systems, and the creation of specific training programmes and 
exercises for staff engaged in managing emergencies.

--- Page 199 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
199 
 
 
 
Terna continuously focuses attention on Cyber Defence with several projects coordinated with an end-
to-end approach of Cyber Security Governance, including: 
• 
Strengthening of Perimeter Defence solutions, through adoption of Technological Perimeter 
(IT/OT/IoT/Cloud) Defence and Protection technologies, and implementation of new security 
features to counter new threats; 
• 
Evolution of CERT via the boosting of monitoring, identification and incident response 
capabilities, in line with new cyber risk and threat intelligence scenarios; 
• 
Cyber protection of the industrial domain (OT), through adoption of technologies and new 
security solutions to strengthen the capabilities of context visibility, active defence and threat 
identification in the industrial domain; 
• 
IoT security, through adoption of technologies to defend against cyberattacks on Terna’s IoT 
infrastructure and IT system; 
• 
Design of a Cyber LAB for testing innovative cyber security solutions in a controlled security 
environment, and to support Terna’s cyber security awareness programme, via awareness-
raising campaigns on cyber issues with a focus on simulating attacks (e.g. phishing), and related 
training courses for users; and 
• 
Continuous improvement of the tools and methodologies that support the Information Security 
Framework within Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) end to end processes, and security 
assessment solutions relating to vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and red team attack 
initiatives. 
The operational nerve centre for the management of cyber events is the Computer Emergency Readiness 
Team (TERNA-CERT), which from 1 January 2021 has operated, also with the activity of Cyber 
Active Defence, within Terna’s established Cyber Defence Center. TERNA-CERT provides centralised 
real-time monitoring of the Group’s security, and preventive and reactive monitoring of potential cyber 
threats.   
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
In the ordinary course of its business, as of 31 December 2023, the Terna Group was party to 
approximately 550 civil and administrative proceedings both as plaintiff and defendant as well as to 
seven criminal proceedings, relating in particular to deadly or serious work incidents involving 
employees. Currently, Terna is not a party to any arbitration proceeding. The principal civil and 
administrative proceedings to which Terna is a party fall within the categories of annulment of 
authorisations, annulment of ARERA decisions, annulment of acts performed by Terna as Transmission 
System Operator (TSO), enforcement of ARERA decisions, damage to health and requests for 
modification of the location or operating conditions of the Terna Group’s Grid, lawsuits related to 
easements, labour rights, non-payment for the performance of contract work, environmental matter, 
legitimacy of construction permits and plant operations, activities carried out under concession and 
supply contracts. 
The Terna Group established a provision for disputes and litigation which, as of 31 December 2023, 
amounted to Euro 12.9 million (of which Euro 10.4 million for Terna). This provision does not cover 
the approximately 315 civil and administrative claims and proceedings brought against the Terna Group 
for which the damages have not been quantified or in relation to which the plaintiffs’ prospects are 
considered by Terna to be remote.

--- Page 200 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
200 
 
 
 
Due to their nature, Terna is not able to predict the ultimate outcome of the proceedings currently 
pending against it, some of which may be unfavourable to Terna and may require Terna itself to pay 
damages to the plaintiff(s), and which may generate costs for modifying parts of the Terna Group’s 
Grid or temporarily removing parts of the Terna Group’s Grid from service. However, Terna does not 
believe that a negative outcome in any of these proceedings would compromise the operation of the 
Terna Group’s Grid as a whole and when taken as a whole and, save as mentioned in the risk factor 
“Risks associated with pending legal proceedings”, Terna believes its provisions for litigation and 
contingent liabilities are adequate. 
Terna does not expect the outcome of the pending proceedings to have, individually or as a whole, a 
material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, STATUTORY AUDITORS AND EMPLOYEES 
Corporate governance rules for the Italian joint-stock companies (società per azioni) like Terna, whose 
shares are listed on the Euronext Milan market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., are set 
forth in the Italian Civil Code, CLF and implementing rules and regulations thereof and in the set of 
disciplinary rules of corporate governance for listed Italian companies (hereinafter referred to as the 
Code of Conduct). 
In order to comply with the Code of Conduct, Terna’s Board of Directors has approved various 
amendments to the corporate governance system (described in the Report on Corporate Governance and 
Ownership Structure) including to align with the principles contained in the Corporate Governance 
Code drawn up by the Corporate Governance Committee of listed companies promoted by Borsa 
Italiana which came into effect on 1 January 2021 (hereinafter referred to as the Corporate 
Governance Code), in particular: 
• 
A Board of Directors responsible for company management which may delegate some of its 
powers to an Executive Committee and/or one of its Members. As recommended by the 
Corporate Governance Code, Terna’s Board of Directors has set up internal committees which 
have proposal and advisory duties, such as the Nominations, Governance and Scenarios 
Committee, the Audit and Risk and Sustainability Committee, the Remuneration Committee 
and the Related-Party Transactions Committee (see also below); 
• 
A Board of Statutory Auditors responsible for monitoring: (i) that the company complies with 
the law, the By-laws and the principles of correct administration in performing company 
activities; and (ii) the adequacy of the company’s organisational structure, internal control 
system and administrative/accounting system as well as those of the foreign subsidiaries outside 
of the EU. It is also responsible for carrying out all duties assigned to the Board of Statutory 
Auditors by law and the code of conduct for listed companies. Pursuant to the provisions of 
article 19 of Italian Legislative Decree 39/2010, it is the responsibility of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors to supervise the financial disclosure process, the efficiency of the internal control 
systems, of internal reviews and of risk management, the statutory audit of annual and 
consolidated results and the independence of the auditing company; 
• 
The Shareholders’ Ordinary and Extraordinary Meetings that resolve on, inter alia, the (i) 
appointment and revocation of the members of the Boards of Directors and Statutory Auditors 
and their fees and duties, (ii) approval of the financial statements and allocation of the profit 
for the year, (iii) amendments to the By-laws, (iv) authorizations for actions carried out by 
Directors concerning transactions with related parties for which there was no favourable 
opinion by the competent independent body, in compliance with governing regulations and 
based on procedures adopted by the Board of Directors as well as on urgent transactions 
submitted by the Directors to an advisory vote of the Shareholders’ Meeting and (v) during

--- Page 201 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
201 
 
 
 
consultations pursuant to article 123-ter, paragraph 6 of the TUF, on company policy, matters 
of remuneration of Members of administration bodies, of general Directors and of Executives 
with strategic responsibilities in compliance with the provisions of said regulations. 
Auditing activities are conferred on an auditing firm enrolled in the register of Legal Auditors which 
was appointed by a Shareholders’ General Meeting on a proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The members of Terna’s Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors as well as Terna’s External 
Auditors are directly and separately appointed by the shareholders at a General Meeting. 
A detailed description of Terna’s corporate governance is provided in the Report on Corporate 
Governance and Ownership Structures published on the Company website and incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The business address of the Members of Terna’s Board of Directors and Senior Management is Viale 
Egidio Galbani 70, 00156 Rome, Italy. 
Board of Directors  
Terna’s Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company and has the power to 
take all actions consistent with the corporate purpose described in Terna’s By-laws. 
The members of Terna’s current Board of Directors were elected at the Shareholders’ General Meeting 
held on 9 May 2023. The Board of Directors should remain in office until the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending on 31 December 2025. The current Board of Directors has 13 members.  
Igor De Biasio was elected as Chairman of Terna’s Board of Directors at the Shareholders’ General 
Meeting held on 9 May 2023. 
Currently as to the independence requirements, 9 Directors qualify as such pursuant to both the CLF 
and to the Corporate Governance Code. 
 
Name 
Position with Terna 
Shareholder list 
Year 
of 
initial 
appointment 
Igor De Biasio 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director  
CDP Reti S.p.A. 
2023  
Giuseppina Di Foggia 
 
Non-Independent 
Executive Director 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
Karina Audrey Litvack Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director  
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
  
2023

--- Page 202 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
202 
 
 
 
Anna Chiara Svelto  
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors  
2023   
Qinjing Shen  
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A. 
2022  
Francesco 
Renato 
Mele 
 
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
Regina 
Corradini 
D’Arienzo 
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
Angelica 
Krystle 
Donati 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director  
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
Marco Giorgino 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2019 
Enrico 
Tommaso 
Cucchiani 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
Gian Luca Gregori 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
2023   
 Jean-Michel Aubertin 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Director 
 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2020

--- Page 203 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
203 
 
 
 
Simona Signoracci 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Director  
 
CDP Reti S.p.A.   
2023   
The principal business activities, experience and other principal Directorships, if any, of each of Terna’s 
current Directors are summarised below. 
• 
Igor De Biasio, Chairman 
Born in Milan on 18 November 1977 
Married with three daughters.  
He has been Chairman of Terna since 9 May 2023.  
He graduated in Political Science from the University of Cattolica in Milan at the age of 23 (110/110). 
He then obtained four post-graduate specialisations: in Marketing and Digital Economics (Cattolica of 
Milan), in Marketing (Bocconi), in Design Thinking (Polytechnic of Milan) and in Business Finance 
(IMD Business School, Lausanne).  
After several years of management experience in multinational consulting companies, he became an 
executive at Philips S.p.A. at the age of 35, where he took on international responsibilities in the 
Mediterranean region, and at the age of 39 became Sales Director for Europe, Africa and the Middle 
East for Moleskine.  
He was appointed to the Board of Directors of RAI by the Italian Parliament in July 2018, and confirmed 
in 2021.  
In 2019, he was appointed CEO of Arexpo S.p.A. In 2020, the company recorded a pre-tax profit for 
the first time in its history and continued to be profitable in all subsequent years. In 2022, at the end of 
his tenure, he was reappointed CEO of Arexpo S.p.A.  
In 2022 he was co-director, with Prof. Giovanni Orsina, of the LUISS Executive Course ‘Government 
and Territorial Development: Public and Private Partnerships’.  
In December 2022, he was appointed Officer of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic by the 
President of the Republic. 
• 
Karina Audrey Litvack 
Born in Montreal (Canada) on 7 December 1962 
Karina Litvack joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
Holding degrees in political economy from the University of Toronto and finance and international 
business from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business, she is Ambassador & Founding 
Chair of the Climate Governance Initiative and a member of the Advisory Board of Hawkamah, The 
Institute of Governance and the International Advisory Council of Transparency International. 
A director of Eni from May 2014 to May 2023, her long career has included membership of the 
PaineWebber Incorporated corporate finance team (1986-1988), the Extractive Industries Transparency

--- Page 204 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
204 
 
 
 
Initiative Board (2003-2009), the London Stock Exchange Primary Markets Group (2006-2012) and 
the CFA Institute Board of Governors (2019-2022).  
She was also a member of the CEO Sustainability Advisory Panel of Lafarge (2003-2014), Groupe 
Danone (2011-2013), Veolia (2008-2010), ExxonMobil and IPIECA (2010) and SAP AG (2010-2017).  
• 
She was a project manager at the New York City Economic Development Corporation (1991- 
1993). She joined F&C Asset Management in 1998 and held the positions of Ethical Research 
Analyst, Director of Ethical Research and Director of Governance and Sustainable Investment 
(2001-2013). She was Non-Executive Chairman of the Sustainability Committee of the Board of 
Viridor Waste Management (2020-2022). Qinjing Shen, Director 
Born in Haining, Zhejiang (China), 22 July 1978. 
Mr Shen has been a member of the Board of Directors of Terna S.p.A. since 26 January 2022. 
He is currently a Director of CDP Reti S.p.A., SNAM S.p.A., Italgas S.p.A. and Head of State Grid’s 
representative office in Italy.  
From 2016 to 2021 he was Director of the Business Development & Strategy Department of State Grid 
International Development Co., LTD, of which he was previously Deputy Director from 2013 to 2016 
and Project Manager from 2008 to 2013.  
From 2003 to 2008, he worked as an engineer at the Dispatching Communications Centre of Zhejiang 
Electric Power Company (a subsidiary of State Grid Corporation of China). He graduated in engineering 
and electrical systems from Zhejiang University, China. 
• 
Anna Chiara Svelto, Director  
Born in Milan on October 29, 1968 
Anna Chiara Svelto joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
Graduated cum laude in Law from the University of Milan in 1992, she is licensed to practice law. She 
is an expert in corporate law, M&A and Corporate Governance. 
Between 2016 and 2018 she was Chief General Counsel of UBI Bank Spa. From 2000 to 2016 she 
worked in the Pirelli Group, where, as Director of Corporate Affairs and Compliance and Secretary to 
the Board of Directors, she played an active role in the most important transactions of the Pirelli Group 
and also contributed to the growth of an advanced corporate governance model of the company. 
Previously, she worked in the Legal Department of Edison Spa and was Head of Legal and Corporate 
Affairs of Shell Italia Spa.  
Since 2014 she has held directorships in leading listed companies, including Enel (2014-2023), Astm 
and Brunello Cucinelli.  
She is currently a Director of Credito Emiliano, , Interpump Avvale (formerly Techedge) and De Nora 
SpA.  
She is on the list of Global Board Ready women promoted by the Professional Women Association, is 
included in the list of the Thousand Excellent Curricula of the Bellisario Foundation and was included 
in the first 150 ‘Unstoppablewomen’ by StartupItalia.

--- Page 205 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
205 
 
 
 
She is married and has two children.  
• 
Giuseppina Di Foggia, Chief Executive Officer and General Manager 
Born in Rome on 16 July 1969 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of Terna since 9 May 2023. 
From April 2020 to May 2023, she was CEO and Vice President of Nokia Italia, a company with over 
100 years of experience in the manufacture and service of telecommunications equipment and in 
research and development in the fields of optical networks, microwaves and artificial intelligence.  
She was named Cavaliere del Lavoro of the Italian Republic in 2021 for her work in the field of 
information and communication technology and, in the same year, was selected by Forbes Italia 
magazine as one of the 100 leading and creative women who have distinguished themselves by their 
commitment, tenacity and competence. She was also honoured by Forbes as the best CEO of the year 
in the Teelcommunications category at the CEO Italian Awards 2021. In 2022, she was awarded the 
Margutta Prize, a symbol of creativity and intellectual acumen in the field of entrepreneurship.  
After graduating in Electronic Engineering from the La Sapienza University in Rome and passing the 
State Examination in Engineering, she obtained a Master’s degree in Professional Program 
Management from the Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey (USA) and attended specialisation 
and general management courses at SDA Bocconi in Milan and Luiss Business School in Rome.  
With thirty years of experience in R&D, project management, operational and strategic management in 
different countries, she started working in R&D projects funded by the European Union for the planning 
and implementation of the third generation (3G) mobile network. In 1998, she joined Lucent 
Technologies Bell Labs Innovations, which became Alcatel-Lucent in 2006 and finally Nokia in 2016, 
where she has held various management and strategic positions in all areas of the company.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Assolombarda, Giuseppina Di Foggia is a member of the Board 
of Directors of Luiss Business School and, since October 2023, of the Advisory Board of Sole24Ore 
Formazione. She is also a member of the Advisory Board of B7 Italy 2024 and of the Board of Directors 
of Cefriel, the Research, Innovation and Training Centre of the Politecnico di Milano. Previously, she 
was Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of GPI SpA and a member of the Board of Directors of 
LUMSA Executive MBA, a member of the Foreign Investors Advisory Board of Confindustria, a 
member of the Board of Directors of Anitec-Assinform (between 2021 and 2023) and a member of the 
Advisory Board of B20 Italy (between 2020 and 2022). From June to December 2023, she was Vice-
President of GO15, the global association of very large electricity transmission system operators.  
Always very attentive to the issues of youth and work, in recent years she has promoted and supported 
several programmes focusing on digital literacy and helping students gain familiarity with STEM 
subjects, as well as work experience schemes.  
She is married and has two children. 
• 
Francesco Renato Mele, Director 
Born in Milan on 10 February 1969 
Francesco Renato Mele joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
He graduated with honours in Business Economics from Luigi Bocconi University in Milan.

--- Page 206 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
206 
 
 
 
In September 2022 he was appointed CEO and General Manager of CDP Equity Spa and Investment 
Director of CDP Spa.  
He was CFO of Ilimity Bank (2018-2022) and Bank Montepaschi di Siena (2016-2018). From 2010, he 
worked at Nomura for 6 years until becoming Head of Italian Investment Banking.  
Prior to this, he worked for 14 years at Goldman Sachs (1996-2010) with increasing responsibilities in 
the London and Milan offices, up to the position of Managing Director in charge of the Italian market, 
after an initial professional experience at Bank Commerciale Italiana (1994-1996). 
• 
Regina Corradini D’Arienzo, Director 
Born in Turin on 30 May 1969 
Regina Corradini D'Arienzo joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
She holds a Master’s degree in Strategic Psychology, a degree in Business Economics from the 
University of Turin and a Master’s degree in Banking Management from Bocconi University in Milan.  
In July 2022, she was appointed CEO and General Manager of Simest Spa, a CDP Group company that 
supports the growth of Italian companies abroad through the internationalisation of their business.  
She previously worked at BNL since 2013, where she held various positions, including Territorial 
Director Corporate Northwest and later Director of the entire Corporate Banking Division. A member 
of the BNP Paribas G100 and a member of the Cash Management Governance Board and the Trade 
Finance Strategic Board of the BNP Paribas Group, she has also held positions in a number of BNP 
Paribas Group companies, including as a Director of Arval Spa, Vice Chair of Ifitalia Spa and Chair of 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions Spa.  
Between 2012 and 2013, she was Head of the Corporate Division at Banco Popolare, after having been 
Head of Corporate Banking at Banca Popolare di Novara (2008-2011).  
From 1990 to 2008, she worked at Bank San Paolo IMI (Intesa Sanpaolo), until her appointment as 
Head of Marketing and Commercial Services in the Corporate Division of Banca dei Territori. 
 
• 
Angelica Krystle Donati, Director 
Born in Los Angeles (USA) on 16 September 1985 
Angelica Donati joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
She holds a degree in Management from the London School of Economics and Political Science and a 
Master of Business Administration from Oxford University.  
President of ANCE Giovani since 2021, she is an entrepreneur and manager in the construction sector. 
She was a member of the B20 Finance and Infrastructure Task Force in 2021 and 2022.  
Head of Business Development at Donati S.p.A and CEO of Donati Immobiliare Group, an international 
property development company, she is a columnist for Forbes, AGI and Property Week.  
She started working at Goldman Sachs in 2006 and then held the position of Retail Marketing Manager 
at Ralph Lauren in 2012.

--- Page 207 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
207 
 
 
 
• 
Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani, Director 
Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
Enrico Tommaso Cucchiaini graduated with honours in Economics from Bocconi University in Milan 
and holds a Master of Business Administration from Stanford University.  
Appointed Cavaliere del Lavoro of the Italian Republic, he has headed major banks and insurance 
companies and has also gained significant experience in the industrial, healthcare and high technology 
sectors.  
During his career he was CEO of Intesa Sanpaolo. He was a member of the Executive Board of the 
Allianz Insurance Group in Munich, responsible for operations in the EU (excluding Germany), 
Switzerland, Turkey, Latin America and Africa, and worked as a management consultant with 
McKinsey in the Milan, London and New York offices.  
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Bocconi University and a member of the Executive 
Committee, the International Advisory Board and Vice-President of the Javotte Bocconi Foundation. 
He is also a member of the International Executive Committee of the Trilateral Commission and 
Chairman of the Italian delegation. He is also an advisor to the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel, 
an advisor to ISPI and Vice-President of the Amici della Scuola Normale di Pisa.  
He has been President of the San Raffaele Hospital in Milan and an advisor to, among others, Unicredit, 
Pirelli, Acegas and Royal Sun Alliance; President and CEO of RAS; Co-Chairman of the German-
Italian Forum; a member of the Advisory Council of Stanford University (California). 
• 
Gian Luca Gregori, Director 
Gian Luca Gregori joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023. 
He graduated with honours from the “Giorgio Fuà” Faculty of Economics at the Polytechnic University 
of the Marche Region, where he was Full Professor of Economics and Business Management, Director 
of the Department of Management, Director of the Doctoral School and Chairman of the Faculty of 
Economics; he was previously Vice-Rector and in 2019 was elected Rector of the Polytechnic 
University of the Marche Region.  
Author of more than 210 publications on management topics, he has held numerous university teaching 
positions, including International Marketing and Business Marketing. He is a member of various 
scientific societies.  
He has participated, also as coordinator, in numerous national and international research projects on 
economic and management aspects with reference to different types of company. He has collaborated 
and still collaborates with companies in various sectors and also with business associations.  
He is currently a Chairman of the Board of Directors of Webuild SpA and member of the Board of 
Directors of the CRUI Foundation, Adjunct Professor of Business Administration at Henan University, 
Honorary Member of the Italian Marketing Society and Senior Fellow of the Luiss Business School.  
• 
Simona Signoracci, Director 
Born in Mondolfo, Pesaro and Urbino, 30 June 1960 
Simona Signoracci joined Terna’s Board of Directors on 9 May 2023.

--- Page 208 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
208 
 
 
 
She graduated with honours in Political Science, specialising in Administration, from the Faculty of 
Law of the University of Urbino and holds an MBA from the Business School of the University of 
Turin, Faculty of Engineering. During these years she attended numerous seminars abroad (Boston 
University and Toronto University).  
She is currently President of Vises ETS, the Foundation of Federmanager, and a member of the Board 
of Directors of Q Academy. She also collaborates with numerous companies.  
From 2009 to 2020, she worked at Telecom Italia in the field of institutional relations, stakeholder 
relations and regulatory affairs: CONSOB, Isvap, Agcom, Privacy Authority. From 2015 and for about 
three years, she also held the position of Executive Chair of a consortium company then formed by 
Telecom Italia, Vodafone and Wind. The company was wound up in 2018.  
From 2008 to 2012, she was President of the Gigi Ghirotti National Foundation for Home Psychological 
Assistance, collaborating with Ania, the International Red Cross and the Vicariate of Rome. In 2008, 
she founded the Telecom Foundation, where she was Executive Vice President and President.  
From 1997 to 2008, she worked at the Mediolanum Group, where she created a different model of 
integrated communication between the financial world and the media during the listing of the 
Mediolanum Group and the transformation of Sim Programma Italia into a bank. She was responsible 
for external, institutional and regulatory affairs in Italy and abroad. She was in charge of foreign 
acquisitions in Spain, Germany and Ireland and of the joint venture with Mediobanca that led to the 
creation of Banca Esperia. She created and chaired the Mediolanum Foundation. During these years she 
was also a member of numerous national and international committees and held seminars on strategic 
and financial communication at the Luiss University in Rome.  
From 1990 to 1996, she managed European projects for the Milan Chamber of Commerce on the 
transfer of technological skills to help Italian small and medium-sized enterprises.  
From 1987 to 1990, she worked at Fininvest Comunicazioni, analysing and studying new digital 
technologies in the television sector. After benchmarking the business plan in France and the United 
States, she contributed to the birth of Tele Più, Italy’s first pay-TV channel.  
In recent years she has taught a Master’s degree course at Link University and is currently a guest 
lecturer at the Master’s degree course in Strategic Planning at the La Sapienza Business School in Rome.  
Throughout her career, she has acquired expertise and in-depth knowledge of ESG criteria for 
transformative, inclusive and digital sustainability in the banking and insurance sectors, generalist TV 
and VOD platforms. She has also worked on the study of technological innovation applied to oversight: 
artificial intelligence to support the investigative activities of authorities and related cybersecurity risks, 
the digital divide, artificial intelligence and privacy challenges in healthcare. She worked on Expo 2015 
and the organisation of the opening week of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin. Finally, she has 
contributed to and sponsored numerous initiatives of national and international importance 
• 
Marco Giorgino, Director 
Born in Bari on December 11, 1969 
Marco Giorgino has been a member of Terna’s Board of Directors since May 2019 and is also Chairman 
of the Audit, Risk and Sustainability Committee and a member of the Related Party Transactions 
Committee.  
An economist by training, he has been a full professor at the Politecnico di Milano since 2004, where 
he holds the Chair of Financial Markets and Institutions and Financial Risk Management.

--- Page 209 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
209 
 
 
 
After graduating from Bocconi University, he gained more than thirty years of experience in research 
and teaching, coordinating numerous projects that have resulted in more than one hundred and fifty 
publications, both national and international, on banking and financial topics and, more recently, on the 
topics of “governance and sustainability” and “risk management”, both for industrial and financial 
companies, and on the topics of “digital innovation” and “sustainability” in banking and financial 
services.  
In 2015 he founded the Fintech & Insurtech Observatory of the Politecnico di Milano and has been its 
Scientific Director since then.  
He is Director of the International Master in Financial Risk Management at the Polimi Graduate School 
of Management.  
He has held and still holds positions on Boards of Directors, including as Chairman of Board 
Committees, and Boards of Statutory Auditors of leading industrial, financial and banking companies, 
including entities subject to European banking supervision, as well as on supervisory bodies.  
In the past, he was a member of the Boards of Banca MPS, also as Chairman of the Risk Committee 
and Lead Independent Director, of Luxottica and Mediolanum, among others.  
He is currently Independent Director and Chairman of the Risk Committee of Mediobanca and 
Independent Director of RealStep SICAF.  
He has spoken at over two hundred conferences and seminars on corporate finance, market finance, 
corporate governance, risk management, digital innovation in banking and financial services and 
sustainability.  
He is a board member of the NED Community and Chairman of NED Value. He is one of Il Sole 24 
Ore’s “Le Nostre Firme” and a regular commentator on television. 
 
• 
Jean-Michel Aubertin, Director 
 
Born in Nice (France) in 1958. 
 
Jean-Michel Aubertin has been a member of the Board of Directors since 18 May 2020 and has been a 
member of Terna’s Audit, Risk and Sustainability Committee and Nominations, Governance and 
Scenarios Committee since 9 May 2023.  
 
He holds an engineering degree from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Aéronautique et de l’Espace 
and an Executive MBA from the Centre de Perfectionnement aux Affaires, and has extensive experience 
in corporate transformations, international business development and the management of global 
operations (Europe, Asia, United States).  
 
Since July 2018, he has held the position of Operating Advisor at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, one of the 
leading private equity firms in the United States.  
From 1994 to the present, his experience includes the roles of CEO of CG Power Systems in Belgium 
and Doosan Power Systems Ltd in the UK; General Manager of Alstom Energy & Environment Systems 
Group in Switzerland and President of the Telecommunications Satellite Division, EADS Astrium in 
the UK. 
The Audit and Risk and Sustainability Committee; the Nominations, Governance and Scenarios 
Committee; the Remuneration Committee and the Related-Party Transactions Committee

--- Page 210 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
210 
 
 
 
As recommended by the Code of Conduct, in 2004 Terna’s Board of Directors established an Internal 
Control Committee which was mainly responsible for assessing the adequacy of its internal control 
system and accounting standards as well as for the relations with External Auditors adding to the 
competences of the latter those relative to the system of corporate governance, mainly advising, 
assisting and making proposals to Terna’s Board of Directors with respect to all such matters. 
Since 2004 Terna’s Board of Directors has also established a specific “Remuneration Committee”. The 
duties of Remuneration Committee had been identified in line with the provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code of reference, and the methods for holding meetings were governed by the specific 
internal Organisational Regulations adopted by the Board of Directors on 24 January 2007 and 
thereafter updated on 9 November 2011 and on 19 December 2012, to comply with the provisions of 
the Corporate Governance Code applicable at that time. 
During 2010, the Board of Directors created another committee having advisory and consulting tasks, 
formed by at least three Directors, all independent, according to the provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code with the task of expressing its preliminary opinion necessary for the adoption of the 
“Procedure for Related Party Transactions” as established in accordance with CONSOB Regulation No. 
17221 of 12 March 2010, as amended. On 12 November 2010, the Board of Directors identified in this 
committee, the body in charge of carrying out the role required by the above-mentioned regulations 
both for approving transactions of greater importance and those of lesser importance as indicated in 
Terna’s procedures. 
In the meeting held on 19 December 2012, the Board of Directors resolved on adjustments to the 
competences of the committees implementing the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code, 
approving the modifications to the related organizational regulations without changing the Members. 
As a result, the “Internal Control Committee”, already instituted, changed its name into “Control and 
Risk Committee” and took over the activities provided by the new provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code. Following the renewal of the entire Board of Directors, in the meeting of 27 May 
2014, with a view to continuous improvement of the corporate governance system, the Board of 
Directors expanded the duties of the Control and Risk Committee, adding to the latter’s duties those 
related to the corporate governance system and making the consequent changes to the Organisational 
Regulation appointing the Members in keeping with the indications of the Corporate Governance Code 
according to what was communicated to the market on the same date. Consequently, the “Control and 
Risk Committee” was renamed the “Control, Risk and Corporate Governance Committee”. The 
responsibilities indicated were subsequently added to said Committee and the Committee was also 
assigned tasks relative to Sustainability. 
The Board of Directors set up the Nominations Committee at its meeting held on 27 May 2014, at the 
time of its first re-election following the entry into force of the provisions contained in art. 5.P.1 of the 
Corporate Governance Code. 
On taking office on 18 May 2020, the then-elected Board of Directors adopted a resolution to set up the 
above-mentioned committees, providing that they would be composed of three directors, all of whom 
would be non-executive and independent, including the chairs. 
During its term of office, in order to ensure that the size of Committees is more in proportion with the 
size of the Board of Directors, at its meeting of 14 October 2021, the Board of Directors resolved to 
increase the number of committees’ members to four. The inclusion of new competences within the 
Board of Directors facilitated its strengthening and favoured the enhancement of a constructive dialogue 
for the entire Board of Directors, in its effort to achieve the challenging objectives in the Industrial Plan. 
On 9 May 2023 the Annual General Meeting of the Company appointed the new Board of Directors, 
whose mandate will expire on approval of the financial statements 2025, composed of thirteen Directors

--- Page 211 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
211 
 
 
 
elected. The Annual General Meeting also elected Igor De Biasio as Chairman of Terna’s Board of 
Directors. The newly elected Board met on the same date and redefined as follows the internal 
Committees previously established, appointing the Members in line with the indications of the 
Corporate Governance Code: 
- 
Audit and Risk and Sustainability Committee composed of five non-executive directors, 
four out of five are in possession of the independence requirements required by the legislation, 
by the By-laws of the Company and by the Corporate Governance Code, the latter implemented 
in the document “Application criteria and procedure for assessing the independence (under the 
terms of art. 2 of the Corporate Governance Code)”. The Committee has the task, among others, 
of: 
o  defining the guidelines of the internal control and risk management system 
consistently with the company's strategies, 
o expressing opinions on specific aspects relating to the identification of the main 
corporate risks and supports the board of directors’ assessments and decisions relating 
to the management of risks; 
o assessing whether the periodic financial and non-financial information is suitable to 
correctly represent the company’s business model and strategies; 
o examining the content of the periodic non-financial information relevant to the internal 
control and risk management system.  
- 
Nominations, Governance and Scenario Committee: composed of five non-executive 
directors, four out of five are in possession of the independence requirements required by the 
legislation, by the By-laws of the Company and by the Corporate Governance Code, the latter 
implemented in the document “Application criteria and procedure for assessing the 
independence (under the terms of art. 2 of the Corporate Governance Code)”. The 
Nominations, Governance and Scenarios Committee supports the Board of Directors by 
conducting reviews, proving recommendations and advice in relation to corporate governance 
matters. The Committee’s duties include assisting the Board of Directors in the following 
activities: (a) self-assessment of the Board of Directors and Board Committees; (b) definition 
of the optimal composition of the Board of Directors and the Committees; (c) identification of 
candidates for the office of Director in the event of co-option; (d) possible submission of a slate 
by the outgoing Board of Directors, to be implemented in a manner that ensures its transparent 
formation and presentation; (e) preparation, update and implementation of succession plans for 
the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive Directors; (f) assessment of any problem 
cases related to the application of the non-competition clause provided for directors in article 
2390 of the Italian Civil Code, in the event that shareholders, for organisational reasons, should 
authorise exceptions to this prohibition in general and in advance; (g) monitoring the 
development of legislation and national and international best practice in the field of Corporate 
Governance and inform the Board of any significant changes; (h) reviewing the compliance of 
the corporate governance system adopted by the Company and the Group with current 
legislation, the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code and national and 
international best practices, and provide the Board of Directors with any opinions or proposals 
to adapt the said corporate governance system, should the need or opportunity arise; (i) giving 
its opinion on the modification and/or supplementation of the policy for managing relations 
with shareholders in general, prepared in accordance with the recommendations of the 
Corporate Governance Code, also taking into account the engagement policies adopted by 
institutional investors and asset managers; (l) advancing examination of any reasoned proposal 
of the Board of Directors to shareholders on matters relating to the corporate governance 
system, in accordance with the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code. With 
regard to scenario-related activities, the Committee is entrusted with the task of gathering 
information, analyses and in-depth studies on reference scenarios useful for a better 
understanding of global trends that may affect the Company’s strategies.

--- Page 212 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
212 
 
 
 
- 
Remuneration Committee: composed of five non-executive directors, all of them in 
possession of the independence requirements required by the legislation, by the By-laws of the 
Company and by the Corporate Governance Code, the latter implemented in the document 
“Application criteria and procedure for assessing the independence (under the terms of art. 2 
of the Corporate Governance Code)”. The Remuneration Committee has the task of:  
a) supporting the Board of Directors in the development of the remuneration policy;  
b) submitting proposals or expressing opinions on the remuneration of executive 
directors and other directors who hold specific responsibilities, as well as on the setting 
of performance objectives related to the variable component of this remuneration;  
c) monitoring the actual application of the remuneration policy and verifying the 
effective achievement of the performance objectives;  
d) periodically assessing the adequacy and overall consistency of the remuneration 
policy for directors and the top management. 
 
- Related-Party Transactions Committee: composed of non-executive directors, all of them in 
possession of the independence requirements required by the legislation, by the By-laws of the 
Company and by the Corporate Governance Code, the latter implemented in the document 
“Application criteria and procedure for assessing the independence (under the terms of art. 2 
of the Corporate Governance Code)”. The Board has the role required by the CONSOB’s 
Regulations for Related Party Transactions as indicated in Terna’s procedure for Related Party 
Transactions. The Committee for Transactions with Related Parties is entrusted with 
preliminary, advisory and consulting tasks and powers for the evaluation and the decision-
making in the above-mentioned Transactions with Related Parties as well as regarding possible 
amendment proposals to the Procedure adopted by TERNA. At the meeting of 8 May 2024, the 
Board of Directors resolved to increase from four to five the number of members of the 
“Related-Party Transactions Committee”, in order to align with the other Committees within 
the Board established with Board resolution of 9 May 2023. 
Manager in charge of drafting financial reports 
In accordance with the TUF, Terna’s By-laws provide for the appointment of a Manager responsible 
for the preparation of financial reports by the Board of Directors subject to the approval of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors. 
The Manager’s tasks include the implementation of appropriate administrative and accounting 
procedures for the preparation of the Annual Accounts and the Consolidated Accounts and every other 
disclosure of a financial nature. 
Internal Auditing System 
As recommended by the Corporate Governance Code, Terna’s Board of Directors established an 
Internal Auditing System aimed at controlling and ensuring the fair management of the company, in 
line with its corporate purposes. 
Compliance 
Terna, in executing its business activities complies with the principles set out in the Code of Ethics of 
Terna Group applicable to the Directors, employees and others acting on its behalf and available at 
www.terna.it.

--- Page 213 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
213 
 
 
 
Terna has also adopted (i) an Organization, Management and Control Model (Model 231) in accordance 
with Article 6 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001, for the purpose of preventing specific 
crimes, both in Italy and abroad and (ii) a Global Compliance Program for the purpose of preventing 
the corporate liability for business activities carried out abroad; both documents are available at 
www.terna.it. 
Furthermore, Terna has adopted the Anti-Corruption Guidelines in order to prevent public and private 
corruption both in Italy and abroad. This document is also available at www.terna.it. 
Moreover, Terna has also adopted (i) a specific Antitrust Compliance Programme in order to be in 
compliance with the applicable relevant antitrust laws and regulations ; (ii) a specific Guideline on 
“Conflict of Interest” addressed to all Terna Group personnel which describe the measures adopted by 
Terna Group in order to avoid or effectively manage all circumstances that could generate possible 
conflicts of interest; (iii) the Trade Compliance Guidelines of Terna Group that describes the reference 
framework of the internal control system to cover trade compliance risks: it identifies the terms, 
conditions and verification controls necessary in the field of trade control and defines the guideline 
towards the Terna Group companies aimed at identifying the roles, responsibilities, information flows 
and any further action necessary (also through specific operating instructions) so that trade control 
activities are correctly implemented. Furthermore, the sanctions and reputational risk prevention 
safeguards provided for within the Trade Compliance Guidelines represent, for the Terna Group, an 
additional safeguard on conducts that could coincide with specific relevant crimes referred to in 
Legislative Decree no. 231/2001. 
Finally, Terna has adopted a whistleblowing policy aimed at managing the reporting of violations, 
including potential violations, also from external parties, of the Code of Ethics and of the Legislative 
Decree No. 24/2023 “Implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/1937 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of  October 23, 2019 on the protection of persons who report breaches of Union law and 
including provisions on the protection of persons who report breaches of national laws” that can be 
reported in the dedicated channel accessible on the IT portal “whistleblowing” through the following 
link 
https://whistleblowing.terna.it/ 
as 
described 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.terna.it/en/Governance/business-ethics/whistleblowing.  
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The current Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, who were elected by Terna’s general 
Shareholders’ Meeting held on 9 May 2023, and who will remain in office until the approval of the 
financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2025, are the following: 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Year of initial appointment  
Mario Matteo Busso 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
2020  
Antonella Tomei 
Standing Auditor 
2023 
Lorenzo Pozza 
Standing Auditor 
2023

--- Page 214 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
214 
 
 
 
Barbara Zanardi 
Alternate Auditor 
2020 
Lucrezia Iuliano 
Alternate Auditor 
2023  
Antonello Lillo 
Alternate Auditor 
2023  
The principal business activities, experience and other principal positions, if any, of each of Terna’s 
current Statutory Auditors are summarised below. 
 
• 
Mario Matteo Busso, Chairman 
 
Born in Turin, 1 March 1951 
Since May 18, 2020 he is Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of TERNA S.p.A.  
Mario M. Busso is a chartered accountant, a statutory auditor and an independent director. He graduated 
in Economics and Business and has a Master in Business Administration. He began his career at 
Industrial National Bank in the United States, was a partner at Arthur Andersen and a member of the 
Andersen Worldwide Advisory Council and the Italian Partner Affairs Group. Whilst working with the 
Deloitte network, he was the Partner responsible for the FSI Audit Division and a member of the Audit 
Management Team. He has significant experience in conducting audit engagements and the certification 
of financial statements for multinational companies listed on major stock exchanges in Italy, the USA, 
the UK and Spain.  
He is a director and auditor at public interest at public interest entities, including listed and regulated 
companies. In this role, he has wide experience in corporate governance, having indepth knowledge of 
the CLF, Consolidated Banking Act and of the Corporate Governance Code adopted by Borsa Italiana.  
The participation in the Board’s work has been achieved through assuming a range of key governance 
roles: partner at and audit firm, chairman of boards of statutory auditors, independent director and the 
chair of board committees.  
He holds the following positions in listed companies: (i) Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Mediobanca Spa, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terna Spa, Statutory Auditor of 
Avio Spa; (ii) Independent Director of Cube Labs Spa.  
He is also Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of the following Consortia: Cepav1 and Cepav2 
(Consorzio Eni Alta Velocità); Florentia.  
He has held the following positions: Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Saipem, Ersel Sim 
and IOR; Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors Compagnia Sanpaolo; Statutory Auditor at Ersel 
Investimenti, Banco di Azzoaglio, Fondamenta Sgr, Permicro; Independent director of CA Auto Bank 
S.p.A. 
 
• 
Antonella Tomei, Standing Auditor 
Born in Barberino Val d’Elsa (Florence) on 1 January 1964 
Antonella Tomei joined Terna’s Board of Statutory Auditors on 9 May 2023.

--- Page 215 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
215 
 
 
 
Registered with the Order of Chartered Accountants and Accounting Experts of Siena and accredited 
in the Region of Tuscany as a “Supplier of qualified services”, she is included in the Thousand Excellent 
CVs of the Bellisario Foundation.  
Enrolled in the list of Official Auditors with Ministerial Decree 07/10/93 and in the list of Local 
Authority Auditors in bands 2 and 3. Registered as Technical Expert at the Courts of Siena and Florence.  
She holds the position of Statutory Auditor at the following companies: Terna Spa, Kato Imer Spa, 
Artema Firenze Srl. She acts as Auditor at Kuoyo Srl. She was appointed “Official Auditor” and was a 
member of the Study Commission on Independent Audit and Responsibility of statutory auditors in the 
corporate governance system at the National Board of Chartered Accountants and Accounting Experts.  
She is a lecturer in Tax Law at the IED of Florence and at the Trainee Course at the Order of Chartered 
Accountants of Siena.  
She has acted as auditor for the Tourism Agency of the Province of Siena, for the Municipality of 
Poggibonsi (Siena), for the Municipality of Figline, and for various private bodies and companies.  
Promoter of the Informal Network of Female Entrepreneurs ‘Talento D’ for the promotion of women’s 
participation in management roles and boards of private and state-owned companies. 
• 
Lorenzo Pozza, Standing Auditor  
Born in Milan on 11 October 1966 
Lorenzo Pozza joined Terna’s Board of Statutory Auditors on 9 May 2023. 
He graduated with honours in Business Economics from the Bocconi University in Milan. He is a 
professor at this university, teaching Accounting, International Accounting Standards and Company 
Valuations. He is also Director of the Master’s Degree Course in Business Economics and Law.  
He is a Chartered Accountant, Auditor and consultant to numerous companies, both listed and unlisted, 
operating in the industrial, commercial, financial, insurance and banking sectors. During his career he 
has held the position of Director and Statutory Auditor in many companies, including Amplifon, 
Assicurazioni Generali, Edison, Gas Plus, Telecom Italia, Ariston Thermo, Bracco, H3G, Merloni 
Holding.  
Co-founder of the advisory boutique Wepartner, a financial and professional advisory company, he 
deals with opinions on financial statements and finance, business valuations and litigation (both civil 
and criminal).  
He is the author of numerous publications on financial statements and the value of company capital, 
and is a member of the International Accounting Standards Committee at the Italian Institute of 
Accountancy (OIC). He is also a member of the Editorial Board of Rivista dei Dottori Commercialisti.  
In 2012, he was awarded the Prize for Excellence in Research by the Rector of Bocconi University. 
Conflicts of Interest 
No potential conflicts of interest have been declared between any duties to Terna of Terna’s Board of 
Directors, Statutory Auditors or Management and the private interest and/or other duties of such 
persons. No member of Terna’s Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors or Management 
declared to have or have had any interest in any transactions that are or were unusual in their nature or 
conditions and are or were significant to its business.

--- Page 216 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
216 
 
 
 
EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
Under Italian securities regulations, Terna’s accounts must be audited by External Auditors appointed 
by the shareholders. Pursuant to the TUF, the engagement shall last for nine financial years and cannot 
be renewed if at least four years have not elapsed from the termination of the previous engagement. In 
the event of renewal, the person responsible for the audit must be replaced by another person. 
At the general Shareholders’ Meeting of 8 May 2019, Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed as 
external statutory auditor for the financial years 2020 to 2028 in accordance with the proposal of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
As of 31 March 2024, the employees of the Terna Group 5,984 
The development of competencies and talent, above all for Terna’s core processes, plays a key role 
consistent with the People Strategy and the cultural transformation launched by NexTerna. 
In line with previous years, the technical skill mapping process has been updated. This allowed for a 
complete mapping of the technical and professional know-how, with a particular emphasis on 
distinctive and core skills needed to implement the Industrial Plan. As usual, the outcomes of the process 
will be used to guide the training programme and the management of knowledge sharing involving 
technical skills. 
2023 saw continued utilisation of the performance assessment system, People for Performance (P4P), 
a programme divided into five phases (Goal Setting, Mid-Year, Assessment, Calibration, Feedback). 
The programme is designed to reinforce the link between the organisation’s strategic objectives and 
those of individuals and teams, dialogue between heads and collaborators, promoting an assessment 
and feedback culture. In line with the new Talent Management process, which aims to identify and 
guarantee talents an opportunity to grow, fuelling the succession pipeline, the two pilot projects aimed 
at newly hired young graduates and senior specialists were continued in 2023. The project will be 
eventually extended to involve more people, defining development paths that allow the enhancement 
of internal know-how in line with criteria of excellence, equity and diversity. 
In 2023, Terna and Stanford renewed their agreement as part of the Bits&Watts programme. 
Collaboration with such a prestigious university had already brought significant benefits for the 
Company in previous years, not only in terms of research, but also in terms of the development of 
various employees who had the opportunity to attend the university campus as a ‘Visiting Scholar’. 
In the first quarter of 2024, Terna Group provided 79,486 hours of training. 
The training activities designed and launched in this period mainly concerned the consolidation and 
development of professional and technical-operational skills, the strengthening of specialist know-how, 
the development of transversal skills and the transmission of knowledge related to Compliance issues, 
Health and Safety within the workplace, GDPR, 231 Organizational Model, Ethic Code, cyber security. 
Among the many significant activities, the following are detailed: 
− 
Training program for newly hired employees: This program helps new colleagues to 
integrate - Training on GDPR and Legislative Decree 231: these courses continue from previous 
years and are aimed at developing deep knowledge in the subject matters, training specialized 
employees.

--- Page 217 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
217 
 
 
 
− 
Training on Health and Safety within the workplace:  training was provided to update tutors 
on the procedure for recovery at height and cascade training was conducted for all operational 
staff and “multiskill” workers; 
− 
DPRET training: the activity aimed to transfer the propedeutical and theoretical knowledge to 
obtain the PAV and/or PES and/or LST BT qualifications, with special focus on the main 
operational and regulatory updates; 
− 
Design of new courses upon sustainability issues, in order to implement a "systemic" 
approach to the subject matter, integrating the social, environmental and economical aspects 
− 
“Inclusive Language” training course: the activity aimed to generate awareness regarding 
the meaning and value of inclusion, to promote mindsets, languages and behaviors oriented 
towards listening, collaboration, and the valorization of uniqueness; the activity aimed also to 
enable new increasingly inclusive behaviors. 
− 
Training courses to spread the culture of Lean Thinking, and to obtain Six Sigma Black 
Belt and Green Belt certification. 
 
 
Share ownership by Directors and employees 
Currently, Terna has no share ownership guidelines. Information on interests of members of 
management and oversight bodies, general managers and key management personnel are in the Report 
on the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Paid, form 7-ter, which is published annually. 
On 16 June 2021, 15 June 2022 and 14 June 2023, Terna S.p.A.’s Board of Directors approved the 
Terms and Conditions of the Performance Share Plans for 2021-2025, 2022-2026 and 2023-2027, 
respectively, in implementation of the terms established by the Annual General Meetings of 
shareholders held on 30 April 2021, 29 April 2022 and 9 May 2023. The three LTI plans provide for 
the grant of the right to be allotted a certain number of Terna S.p.A.’s shares (Performance Shares) free 
of charge at the end of the performance period provided that the performance targets to which the Plans 
are linked have been met. 
 
Further details are provided in the Information Circular on the Performance Share Plan 2023-2027 and 
in the “Report on the remuneration policy and remuneration paid”, published on the Company’s website 
(www.terna.it).  
On 10 July 2023, the share buyback programme servicing the Plan was completed, involving total 
expenditure of approximately €7 million. 
SHARE CAPITAL OF TERNA, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS 
Share capital 
As of 31 March 2024, CDP RETI holds 29.851 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. 
Terna is subject to the de facto control of CDP, (through its subsidiary CDP RETI), as ascertained in 
2007.

--- Page 218 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
218 
 
 
 
Major shareholders11 
CDP RETI 
CDP RETI is Terna’s main shareholder holding 29.851 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. CDP RETI is 
an investment vehicle established in October 2012 whose shares are owned by, respectively, CDP (59.1 
per cent.), State Grid Europe Limited (35 per cent.), a company owned by State Grid Corporation of 
China and the remaining by Italian institutional investors (5.9 per cent.). 
CDP RETI’s mission is to manage the holdings in Snam, Italgas and Terna monitoring the infrastructure 
they operate to ensure it is developed and maintained appropriately, and developing the necessary 
expertise in gas transport, dispatching, distribution, regasification and storage, and electricity 
transmission, in order to oversee its investments most effectively. 
CDP is a joint-stock company under public control, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
holding 82.77 per cent. and a broad group of bank foundations holding 15.93 per cent., the 
remaining 1.30 per cent. in treasury shares.Limitations on shareholding 
The transfer of Terna’s shares is not subject to any restrictions other than those contained in the 
shareholders’ agreement signed by CDP, SGEL and SGID, last updated on 23 May 2017 and in the By-
laws or as contemplated by the terms of this document. Pursuant to article 6.3 of the By-laws in force, 
with the exception of the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or entities controlled by any 
of them), no one can own, for any purpose, more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. A shareholder 
who owns, directly or indirectly, shares that in the aggregate constitute more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s 
share capital may not exercise its vote with regards to the excess shares. If a shareholder votes its shares 
in violation of the By-laws, the relevant resolution of the relevant Shareholders’ Meeting may be 
contested if the required majority would not have been reached but for the votes attributed to such 
excess shares. However, the shares may be counted for the purposes of determining whether the 
Shareholders’ Meeting has achieved a quorum. 
Pursuant to the relevant provision of the By-laws, shares that count towards the above limit include 
shares owned by (i) entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by the shareholder (as well as shares 
controlled by any of these controlled entities), (ii) fiduciaries and/or intermediary entities, (iii) affiliates 
of the shareholder and (iv) related persons of the shareholder. Related persons of the shareholder include 
legal spouses or blood relatives up to the second degree. 
Pursuant to the DPCM, the By-laws were amended in order to (i) prohibit any company that is involved 
in the production, import, distribution, sale or transmission of electricity (or which controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, any such company) and that owns more than 5 per cent. 
of the shares of Terna, from voting shares that exceed 5 per cent. of the voting share capital in the 
election of the Terna’s Directors and (ii) in accordance with Law Decree 31 May 1994 No. 332 
converted into Law No. 474/94 (hereinafter referred to as the Privatisation Law), prohibit any person 
except for the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or entities controlled by any of them) 
from holding more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. However, according to the Privatisation 
Law, this limitation on shareholding does not apply in the case of a public tender offer that has the 
purpose of acquiring the entire outstanding share capital in accordance with articles 106 and 107 of the 
TUF. See also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” above. 
In order to provide a more complete information set, please note that the By-laws do not provide for 
multiple-vote shares (under the terms of Art. 127-sexies of TUF) or increased-vote shares (under the 
terms of Art.127- quinquies of TUF). 
 
11 Shareholders participating in the share capital of Terna in excess of the major thresholds indicated by CONSOB Resolution 
n.11971/99, on the basis of the information available and CONSOB disclosures.

--- Page 219 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
219 
 
 
 
Golden power 
As a result of abrogation of the rules contained in Art. 2, paragraph 1 of the Privatisation Law on the 
subject of “special powers” exercisable by the Italian State (represented, to this end, by the Ministry for 
the Economy and Finance, irrespective of the quantity of any Terna shares held by such Ministry), 
which occurred with entry into force of Law Decree no. 21 of 15 March 2012, converted into law by 
Art. 1, paragraph 1, of Italian Law No. 56 of 11 May 2012 (the Golden Power Decree) and its 
implementing decrees, the clauses on the subject of “special powers” present in Terna’s By-laws ceased 
to have effect, and were eliminated with a resolution of Terna’s Board of Directors of 18 December 
2014. 
On the basis of the provisions of the Golden Power Decree, Italian Parliament in fact laid down new 
provisions on the special powers of the Italian Government in relation to strategic activities in the 
energy, transport and communications industries, in order to standardise national legislation with the 
legislation of the European Union, assigning the Italian Government powers of intervention to protect 
the lawful, essential and strategic interests of the country. The Golden Power Decree was subsequently 
amended taking into account, as well, the implementation of a common framework for direct investment 
screening at the European Union level and the legislative changes adopted in 2020 in response to the 
market volatility linked to the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The normative changes, in particular, were brought about by two different trends. On one hand, as a 
response to the financial crisis of 2008 and to the increasing international tensions, the European Union 
adopted a common framework on foreign direct investments by way of EU Regulation no. 452/2019. 
Italy has already partially complied with it, issuing, in September 2019, Law Decree no. 105/2019, 
notwithstanding the continuing lack of the necessary implementing regulations to be adopted through 
specific Decrees of the President of the Council of Ministers. The common framework set forth at EU 
level has entered into force on October 11, 2020. On the other hand, further regulatory changes have 
been enacted in Italy by means of Law Decree no. 23/2020, following the invitation made by the 
European Commission, which, in its Communication dated 26 March 2020, urged Member States “to 
make full use, as of now, of the control mechanisms for foreign direct investments” in order to guard 
against the risk of attempts to acquire strategic businesses and assets during the COVID-19 health 
emergency, with the consequent “loss of critical resources and technologies”). 
 
The economic sectors/targets in/with respect to which the Italian Government may exercise its special 
powers pursuant to Law Decree no. 21/2012, as subsequently amended, are: 
 
(i) defence and national security (art. 1 of Law Decree no. 21/2012); 
(ii) electronic broadband communication services based on 5G technology (art. 1-bis of Law 
Decree no. 21/2012); 
(iii) energy, transport and communications (art. 2 of Law Decree no. 21/2012); and 
(iv) the economic sectors/targets listed in art. 4 paragraph 1 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 to which 
art. 2, para. 1-ter, of Law Decree no. 21/2012 refers since its amendment through Law Decree 
no. 105/201912. 
 
For the purpose of applying the “golden powers” regulation, criteria to identify relevant targets have 
been further defined by specific implementation decrees (so-called "D.P.C.M.") for some of the sectors 
 
12 That is, the Italian Government also considers potential effects by investment on:  
a) 
“critical infrastructures, whether physical or virtual, including energy, transport, water, health, communications, media, data 
processing or storage, aerospace, defense, electoral or financial infrastructures, and sensitive infrastructures, as well as land and 
real estate crucial for the use of such infrastructure”; 
b) 
“critical technologies and dual-use items (...) including artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, cybersecurity, aerospace, 
defence, energy storage, quantum and nuclear technologies as well as nanotechnologies and biotechnologies”; 
c) 
“supply of critical inputs including energy or raw materials, as well as food security”; 
d) 
“access to sensitive information, including personal data, or the ability to control sensitive information”; 
e) 
“the freedom and pluralism of the media”.

--- Page 220 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
220 
 
 
 
mentioned above (e.g. that is the case in the defence and national security sectors, as well as in the 
energy, transport and communication sectors). For the sectors lastly included by Law Decree no. 
105/2019 as converted into law with amendments by Law 18 November 2019, No. 133 (i.e. critical 
infrastructures, critical technologies and the other sectors included by reference to art. 4, paragraph 1 
of EU Regulation no. 452/2019) this has been done in 2020. 
 
Indeed, on 30 December 2020 two D.P.C.M. identifying (i) the assets and relationships of national 
interest in the sectors mentioned by art. 4, paragraph 1 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 ("D.P.C.M. no. 
179/2020") and (ii) the relevant assets in the energy, transport and communication sectors ("D.P.C.M. 
no. 180/2020") were published in the Official Gazette. Both the decrees entered into force on 14 January 
2021. 
 
On one side, the D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020 identifies for the first time the assets and the capital 
relationships deemed as strategic in the so-called “European” sectors to which the “Golden Powers” 
rules have been recently extended by Law Decree no. 23/2020. It is worth noting that among the main 
sectors affected by the newly enacted implementing regulation are: (i) energy, (ii) water, (iii) health, 
(iv) treatment, storage, access and control of sensitive data and information, (v) electoral infrastructure, 
(vi) finance, including credit and insurance, and financial market infrastructure, (vii) artificial 
intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, cybersecurity, nanotechnologies and biotechnologies, (viii) non-
military aerospace infrastructure and technologies, and (ix) supply of critical input and food security, 
(x) dual use items, (xi) freedom and pluralism of the media. 
 
On the other side, the D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020 updates the implementing regulation laid out by 
Presidential Decree no. 85/201413 as to the identification of relevant assets in the network industries, 
whose discipline is almost entirely reiterated with some minor modifications. 
 
With reference to the above mentioned approved implementing decrees, it is worth highlighting the 
following: 
a) The assets described are identified in those new sectors mentioned by EU Regulation in addition 
to the relevant assets already described in the implementing decrees of the “Golden Powers” 
rules. With specific reference to energy sector, the assets listed under the D.P.C.M. no. 
179/2020 are additional to those identified by the D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020. More specifically, 
according to art. 3 of the D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020, the following assets are deemed to be relevant: 
critical infrastructure hosting fuels, nuclear materials or radioactive waste (including the 
properties, the technologies and the infrastructure involved in the management and 
transportation cycle of these material and waste); coastal storage of petroleum and natural gas 
storage infrastructures having a certain capacity; some oil pipelines; critical technologies for 
the management of the wholesale market of natural gas and electricity. It has also identified a 
residual category, characterized by the co-existence of two quantitative thresholds: reference is 
made to the strategic economic activities carried out in the energy sector by companies having 
a net yearly turnover of at least Euro 300,000,000.00 and a yearly average number of employees 
equal, at least, to 250 units. 
b) Some exclusions from the concrete scope of application of the regulation and from the 
possibility to exercise the special powers of the Italian Government are set forth by art. 14 of 
the D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020 under scrutiny: in particular, it is worth mentioning: (i) a specific 
sectorial regulation in cases where there is a specific concession or privilege granted to private 
companies which may derive from the agreements between public authorities and private 
companies (para. 1), as well as (ii) certain intra-group transactions (para. 2). Notwithstanding 
a regulatory choice that takes into account the existence of lower risks, even in these events, 
 
13 It ceased to be effective when the implementing decree. no. 180/2020 entered into force on January 14, 2021.

--- Page 221 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
221 
 
 
 
the relevant transactions will still have to be notified in accordance with the timing and 
modalities governed by Law Decree no. 21/2012. 
c) The D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020 outlines the scope of application of the regulation on the special 
powers of the State through the definition of “critical infrastructures”, “critical technologies”, 
“critical production factors”, “critical information” and “strategic relationships”. The common 
denominator of these concepts is their essential nature for the maintaining of the vital functions 
of the society, the health, the safety and the economic and social wellbeing of the population. 
d) With reference to the most notable innovations to the existing legal framework brought about 
by the D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020 in the network industries, having separately identified the 
relevant assets for the energy sector in the energy networks of national interest and in the 
relating agreements (i.e., agreements between public authorities and private companies related 
to energy networks of national interest), as specified by the decree itself, the decree at hand 
includes also the fundamental real estate properties needed to use the strategic networks and 
infrastructures. These properties are identified in light of the existence of a clear functionality 
link. Relevant assets pursuant to Art. 1 (para. 2) of decree no. 180/2020 include: (a) national 
natural gas transportation network and related compression stations and dispatching centers, as 
identified pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of May 23, 2000, as well as gas 
storage facilities; (b) electricity and gas supply infrastructure from other States, including 
onshore and offshore LNG regasification plants; (c) national electricity transmission grid and 
related control and dispatching facilities; (d) management activities and key properties related 
to the use of the networks and infrastructures referred to in letters (a), (b) and (c) above. 
e) Art. 2 of D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020 identifies the strategic networks and plants in the transport 
sector, namely the major networks and plants of national interest that are functional to ensure 
the most important trans-European connections (and the relating agreements). In addition to the 
existing regulatory framework, the new decree lists among the relevant assets also the national 
spaceports (in accordance with the governmental policies on “space economy”), the interports 
of national relevance and the road and highway network of national interest. 
 
With respect to the scope of “golden power” regulations, it should be noted that the provisions 
introduced by Article 15 of Law Decree no. 23/2020 strengthened the enforceability and expanded the 
scope of the special powers granted to the Italian Government on foreign investments, making fully 
effective the extension of the scope of the “golden powers” in line with the EU Regulation. Law Decree 
no. 23/2020, in fact, introduced some temporary provisions aimed at preventing that the adverse 
economic situation, linked to the ongoing COVID-19 health emergency, allows predatory acquisitions 
in strategic European sectors. Nonetheless, it also introduced some permanent measures. The time limit 
for the temporary provisions originally set by Law Decree no. 23/2020 on 31 December 2020, has been 
extended several times by the Italian Parliament and expired on 31 December 2022. Therefore, such 
temporary provisions are not applicable anymore. 
 
Furthermore, on September 24, 2022, is entered into force the D.P.C.M. dated August 1, 2022, which 
replaces the previous D.P.C.M. dated 6 August  2014, simplifying procedural aspects of the Golden 
Power procedure and aimed at reducing the overall number of the notifications to be submitted to the 
Presidency of the Council of Ministers. Article 7 of such Decree, in particular, introduced the so-called 
“pre-notification” procedure which allows to preliminary determine whether or not the Golden Power 
regulations apply to transactions in an early stage of their structuring and if the “formal” notification 
has to be submitted by the relevant undertakings. 
The pre-notification procedure provides that the concerned companies may submit to the Department 
for Administrative Coordination of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers a report on the proposed 
establishment, acquisition, resolution, act or operation potentially subject to the Golden Power, 
providing all documents and information, as available, to be submitted for the formal notification 
according to the Law Decree no. 21/2012.

--- Page 222 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
222 
 
 
 
Within the following 30 days the Department for Administrative Coordination of the Presidency of the 
Council of Ministers may adopt the following decisions:  
(i) 
the pre-notified transaction does not fall within the scope of Law Decree no. 21/2012 and, 
consequently, the formal notification is not due;  
(ii) 
the pre-notified transaction falls within the scope of Law Decree no. 21/2012 and, consequently, 
the company has to submit the formal notification according to Law Decree no. 21/2012; and  
(iii) the pre-notified transaction falls within the scope of Law Decree no. 21/2012 but it is evident that 
the conditions for the exercise of the special powers are not met.  
In case of adoption of the decisions under points (i) and (iii) above, the Department for Administrative 
Coordination of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers may also give recommendations to the pre-
notifying company(/ies). 
If no decision has been adopted by the Department for Administrative Coordination of the Presidency 
of the Council of Ministers within the abovementioned term of 30 days from the pre-notification, then 
the pre-notifying company(/ies) has to submit the formal notification to the Presidency of the Council 
of Ministers according to Law Decree no. 21/2012. 
 
In order to allow the Italian Government to evaluate whether to exercise or not the special powers under 
Law Decree no. 21/2012, the companies operating in the strategic sectors listed above are required to 
make a filing to the Presidency of the Council of Ministers in connection with the occurrence of specific 
events. 
The filing duties (and the events triggering them) may vary depending on the specific sector under 
consideration: therefore, a detailed overview can be provided only on a case-by-case basis. Having said 
that, it is worth highlighting that filing undertakings are generally triggered by (each action including 
item (i) below, a Relevant Action): 
 
a) Any resolution, action or transaction to be adopted or carried out by the shareholders’ meetings 
or by the board of a company resulting in the loss of ownership, control or availability of the 
relevant assets that pertain to one of the strategic sectors mentioned above. This includes – but 
is not limited to – resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting or of the board of directors 
concerning mergers or de-mergers, the transfer of the registered office abroad, or the transfer 
of a business or business unit abroad which includes any relevant assets; 
 
b) Any resolution, action or transaction to be adopted or carried out by the shareholders’ meetings 
or by the board of directors of a company resulting in a change of use of the relevant assets, as 
well as in any change of the corporate purpose, the dissolution of the company, or else in certain 
amendments to the by-laws; or 
 
c) Any acquisition by non-EU entities of controlling interests in companies owning any relevant 
asset, if such equity investment(s) imply a stable position of the purchaser, due to its control of 
the company. 
 
With specific reference to the sector of electronic broadband communication services based on 5G 
technology, art. 1-bis of Law Decree no. 21/2012, as lastly modified by art. 28 of Law Decree n. 21 of 
21 March 2022, identifies the relevant trigger events as follows: 
 
The signing of contracts or agreements having as their object the acquisition, for any cause, of goods or 
services relating to the design, construction, maintenance and management of networks connected to 
the services falling into the electronic broadband communication on 5G technology sector. 
To this end, elements indicating the presence of vulnerability factors that could compromise the 
integrity and security of the networks and data passing through them, including those identified on the

--- Page 223 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
223 
 
 
 
basis of the principles and guidelines developed at international level and by the European Union, shall 
also be subject to assessment. 
 
The filings shall be made to the Presidency of the Council of Ministers respectively by the company 
losing ownership, availability or control of the relevant assets or otherwise implementing a Relevant 
Action as well as by the purchaser (in case the Relevant Action is an acquisition) within 10 (ten) days 
from the adoption of the relevant resolution on the Relevant Action by the company or the 
implementation of the acquisition. 
 
The decision concerning the exercise of the special powers shall be communicated, by the Italian 
Government, within 45 (forty-five) days starting from the above-mentioned notification (or from the 
day the Government received all information it may request). With specific reference to the sector of 
electronic broadband communication services based on 5G technology, such term is of 30 (thirty) days 
starting from the notification. 
Moreover, in connection with the aforementioned common framework at EU level, art. 2-ter of the Law 
Decree no. 21/2012 that has been newly introduced by Law Decree no. 105/2019, provides a specific 
cause for suspension if other EU Member States or the EU Commission intend to render, respectively, 
their comments or its opinion on investments undergoing screening under the Italian “golden powers” 
regulation (EU Regulation no. 452/2019 provides for cooperation mechanisms aimed at strengthening 
the effectiveness of foreign direct investments screening regulations in the EU states). 
 
The filing imposes a “standstill effect” on the Relevant Action. In other words, pending the notification, 
(i) the effectiveness of any Relevant Action (other than an acquisition of shares in a relevant company) 
is suspended, and (ii) in case of an acquisition of shares in a relevant company, the administrative rights 
(such as voting and information rights) relating to such shares are suspended.The filing does produce a 
standstill effect on the Relevant Action itself which will be fully effective only once the 45-day term is 
expired or the competent authority has given its clearance on the Relevant Action. However, once the 
45-day term has elapsed, the Relevant Action may be lawfully and effectively implemented, even if the 
Italian Government has not expressly issued an explicit resolution yet. 
 
Furthermore, with a view to completing the existing sanctioning mechanisms, art. 16 of Law Decree 
no. 23/2020– which amended art. 1, para. 8-bis, of Law Decree no. 21/2012 - extended the powers of 
intervention vested to the Italian Government, granting the possibility to commence ex officio 
proceedings for the exercise of the “golden powers” in the event that any filing obligations provided 
under Law Decree no. 21/2012 is breached. In such cases, the term for completion of the relating 
administrative proceeding and for exercising “golden powers” (i.e. 45-days period) runs not from the 
filing of the transaction, but from the end of the investigation activities aimed at assessing whether there 
has been a breach of the notification obligation. The announcement of ex officio proceedings to the 
parties involved has the same standstill effect as the filing. In addition, the authority may impose 
sanctions for the breach of the filing obligation. 
 
Should the Italian Government see a threat to the essential interests of the country in the relevant sector, 
it is entitled to exercise the following special powers: 
 
(i) The power to exercise a veto on the Relevant Action in question, thus prohibiting its consummation; 
and 
(ii) The power to impose specific conditions or prescriptions (in particular, conditions concerning the 
security of supplies, the security of information, the technological transfers, etc.). The Government 
enjoys a great degree of discretion in identifying specific conditions and prescriptions. 
 
The breach of the “golden powers” regulation (reference is made to both failure to notify in time and 
failure to comply with the measures taken by the Italian Government) potentially gives rise to heavy 
sanctions.

--- Page 224 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
224 
 
 
 
 
More specifically, the sanctions entail both civil and administrative consequences: 
 
a) 
Civil sanctions: Relevant Actions adopted or implemented in breach of the “golden powers” 
provisions are null and void (similarly, any resolutions adopted with the decisive vote of the 
shares acquired as a consequence of the implementation of a Relevant Action are null and void). 
The Government may also invite the companies involved and any counterparty to reinstate the 
previous situation at their own expense; 
b) 
Administrative sanctions: a pecuniary administrative fine up to double the value of the relevant 
transaction (maximum amount) and, in any case, not less than 1 per cent of the cumulative 
turnover realized by the involved companies in the last fiscal year (minimum amount) for which 
the budget has been approved. Please note that with specific reference to the sector of electronic 
broadband communication services based on 5G technology, failure to comply with notification 
duties or with the Government prescriptions is subject to an administrative fine up to 3 per cent 
of the turnover realized by the involved subject. 
The procedures for notifications and for activating the “special powers” are regulated by specific 
decrees, containing rules on coordination activities of the Prime Minister’s Office preparatory to the 
exercise of special powers. 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
S&P has issued a medium/long-term rating of “BBB+” with a stable outlook and a 
short-term rating of “A-2” in respect of Terna; and 
(ii) 
Moody’s has issued a medium long-term rating of “Baa2” with a stable outlook and a 
short-term rating of “Prime-2” in respect of Terna.

--- Page 225 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
225 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy, in the European Union 
and in Luxembourg as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law 
occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary 
does  not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant 
to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership 
of the Notes. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under the Notes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 (Law 111), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within 
twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of 
the Italian tax system (the Tax Reform). According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly 
change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the 
Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot 
be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
 
Tax treatment of the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented, (Decree 239) 
provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as "Interest") from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian listed companies, falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian companies with shares traded on a regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA Member State which exchanges information with the 
Italian tax authorities. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value, which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the 
management of the Issuer and which do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the 
profits of the Issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of 
which the securities have been issued. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and 
is: (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected (unless 
he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under Capital gains tax” below); 
(b) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a 
similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; (c) a non-
commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other public and territorial entity; or (d) an 
investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest deriving from the Notes and accrued 
during the relevant holding periodis subject to a withholding tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”,

--- Page 226 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
226 
 
 
 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, a commercial 
partnership, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an authorised Intermediary (as defined below) 
Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation ("IRES") 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP")). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, Interest relating to the Notes is subject to imposta sostitutiva and will be 
included in its relevant income tax return. As a consequence, such Interest will be subject to the ordinary 
income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Payments of Interest deriving from the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and 
Italian resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento 
a capitale fisso) (the "Real Estate Funds") complying with the relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements and subject to the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001 and/or Law Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes 
are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below). Subsequent distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or 
shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, income 
realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands 
irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares 
on a tax transparency basis. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a 
real estate investment fund), a SICAF (an Italian investment company with fixed share capital, i.e. 
società di investimento a capitale fisso) (other than a Real Estate Funds), or a SICAV (an investment 
company with variable capital i.e. società di investimento a capitale variabile) established in Italy 
(together, the "Funds") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised Intermediary (as defined below), 
Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in 
the Fund (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 – the "Pension Fund") and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised Intermediary (as defined below), Interest relating to the Notes and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute

--- Page 227 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
227 
 
 
 
tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase 
would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax 
law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and 
other qualified entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (“Intermediaries” and each 
an “Intermediary”), which are resident in Italy or by permanent establishments in Italy of 
Intermediaries resident outside Italy or by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department 
of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239. For the purposes of applying imposta 
sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign Intermediaries are required 
to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal of the Notes, including 
in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer 
of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a 
change in ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change in the Intermediary with which the Notes are 
deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, directly by the 
Issuer paying that Interest. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by 
operation of law) is either: (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as 
amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued 
pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 
2015) (the "White List"); or (b) an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is established in 
a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country 
of residence and provided that it timely files with the relevant depositary an appropriate self-declaration 
confirming its status of institutional investor.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of 
payments of Interest and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident 
entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance, and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to 
or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains 
valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the 
applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in 
Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, 
as subsequently amended.

--- Page 228 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
228 
 
 
 
Failure of a non-Italian resident Noteholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva 
on Interests payments to such non-resident Noteholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for 
by the applicable double tax treaty, if any, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation) 
to Interest paid to Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
Tax treatment of Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of 
Decree No. 917 and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree 
No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and supplemented, may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the 
management of the Issuer. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian withholding tax on proceeds received under Notes classifying as atypical securities, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
Where the Noteholder is: (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all 
other cases the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty (to the extent the conditions for its 
application are met). 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income for IRES (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as 
part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes 
are connected), an Italian resident commercial partnership or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a 
società in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out 
commercial activities or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a 
trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied 
at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set capital gains with their off losses. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale,

--- Page 229 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
229 
 
 
 
transfer or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax 
law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individual Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to 
all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, 
in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax 
due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the 
Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries and (b) an express election for the risparmio 
amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its 
mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax 
authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such 
loss may be deducted only from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, 
any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the 
unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate 
Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject 
to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, 
income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in 
their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units 
or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Any capital gains realised by Noteholders which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the management results of the Fund. Such result will not be subject to taxation at 
the level of the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income 
realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in 
the Fund may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.

--- Page 230 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
230 
 
 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian Pension Fund will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
capital gains on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if 
the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident 
issuer, which are traded on regulated markets (and, in certain cases, subject to filing of required 
documentation) are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject 
to timely filling of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder 
is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited).  The Italian tax 
authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU Directive 
2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for income tax 
purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition of MTF under 
MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary (certain types 
of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) is: (a) resident in a 
country included in the White List; or (b) an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is 
established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in 
its own country of residence, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from 
the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from 
the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets and deemed to be held in Italy may be 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. On the contrary, should the Notes be 
traded on regulated markets, capital gains realized by non-Italian resident Noteholders would not be 
subject to Italian taxation. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments into Law No. 286 of 
24 November 2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, 
notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and

--- Page 231 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
231 
 
 
 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; 
and 
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax 
law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to fixed registration 
tax at a rate of €200; and (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration 
tax only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) or in the case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or "voluntary 
registration" (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 ("Decree 
642"), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications 
sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals. This stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the 
basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance 
activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least 
once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. In case of reporting periods less than 
12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, 
individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for 
tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are 
required to declare in their own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. 
Starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of  0.4 per cent. in case of financial assets 
held in States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the Ministerial Decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999, pursuant to the provisions of Law No. 213/2023. 
The wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for taxpayers different from individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or - if no market 
value figure is available - the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they 
are administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the

--- Page 232 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
232 
 
 
 
items of income derived from such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In 
this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 
does apply. 
Tax Monitoring rules 
 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are 
required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of 
investments directly or indirectly held abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, 
being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including the 
Notes) under management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts 
concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such 
activities and contracts have been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries 
themselves.  
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate 
income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income 
tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la 
fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well 
as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for 
tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity 
surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.  
Taxation of holders of the Notes 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.  
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes

--- Page 233 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
233 
 
 
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes.  
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg 
will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge 
of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Law would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of the Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised by such non-resident holder of the Notes on the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax.  
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course 
of the management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg 
income tax on repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes.  
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate management companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds and which does not fall under the special tax 
regime set out in article 48 thereof,  is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in 
respect of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor 
on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
(b) 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes

--- Page 234 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
234 
 
 
 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) 
withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Law or (ii) 
the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. tax in 
full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Law, which applies if a payment 
of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in an EU Member 
State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
(other than an EU Member State). A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, 
acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Notes were 
acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid 
interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on 
such interest in accordance with the Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of management of a professional or 
business undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the 
tax levied in accordance with the Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes 
are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of Notes is 
governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by the 
law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended.14 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax, or similar taxes.  
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other 
document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a 
voluntary basis.  
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
 
14 Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or 
capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative 
investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 
thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 235 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
235 
 
 
 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2014, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below 
in “U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements.  A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date 
for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the 
date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are published 
and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after 
the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If

--- Page 236 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
236 
 
 
 
additional notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING  
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a 
dividend from sources within the United States. Under Section 871(m), such payments generally would 
be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, 
eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely 
claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend 
payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or 
indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources 
within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that 
(directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend 
from sources within the United States and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be 
substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). The final U.S. Treasury regulations issued 
under Section 871(m) (the Section 871(m) Regulations) require withholding on certain non-U.S. 
holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the 
Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to 
that of the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations and 
applicable guidance, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such security a 
Specified Security). The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding 
requirement, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder 
of the Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends 
during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required even if the 
Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer 
may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent 
arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. 
holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-
U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information 
is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at 
all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor 
any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Securities issued on or after 1 January 
2017.  If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax 
purposes), the Note generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification 
for purposes of determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is 
a Specified Security. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for 
U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS 
could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified Securities as the date

--- Page 237 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
237 
 
 
 
of such subsequent sale or issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might be treated as 
a Specified Security following such modification or further issuance.  
In addition, payments may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S. securities that 
are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that 
Notes are Specified Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Notes. If Notes are Specified Securities, a non-U.S. 
holder of such Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. 
securities underlying those Notes.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of Notes, 
but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be 
made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes 
may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.

--- Page 238 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
238 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Seventeenth Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (the Programme 
Agreement) dated 7 June 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.  
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to,  the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after later of the commencement of the offering 
and the closing date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date), within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a 
term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 239 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
239 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is not applicable, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 240 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
240 
 
 
 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is not applicable, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the

--- Page 241 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
241 
 
 
 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 242 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
242 
 
 
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor.  
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 243 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
243 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 19 March 2024. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from www.terna.it:  
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (with an English translation thereof), together 
with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited 
consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the three 
months ended 31 March 2024; 
(d) 
the Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion; and 
(e) 
the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons. 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
Furthermore the above-mentioned documents are also available on the Issuer’s website: www.terna.it. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 244 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
244 
 
 
 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 31 March 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation  
Save as disclosed on pages 199-200 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member 
of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of Terna and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended on 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been 
audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., independent accountants, as stated in their reports incorporated 
by reference herein.  
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors 
(Registro Revisori Legali) held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with 
the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39.  Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., which 
is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association 
of audit firms). 
At the general Shareholders’ Meeting of 8 May 2019, Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed as 
external statutory auditor for the financial years 2020 to 2028 in accordance with the proposal of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Post-issuance Information  
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) 
and other related transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the guarantors, the Group and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities.

--- Page 245 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
245 
 
 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. In relation to the 
issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable to the relevant 
Dealer(s).

--- Page 246 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
246 
 
 
 
ANNEX 1 – FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is CPI or the Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco as 
defined below. The following information provides a clear and comprehensive explanation to 
prospective investors about how the value of Index Linked Notes is affected by the value of the 
underlying index. 
"CPI" or "ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer 
Price Index Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per 
famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - 
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the "Index Sponsor") which 
appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, 
or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the 
level of such index), provided that for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the 
Final Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a level of the Index (excluding 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of 
the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series 
Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised 
statistical methods (the HICP) is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time 
in the prices of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the 
Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for 
monitoring price stability by the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on 
international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco (Individual HICP). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for 
the Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s 
weight in the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country’s final household consumption 
constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These 
weights are re-estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are 
the same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to 
compare inflation among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the 
quality and comparability of the various countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new Member State’s weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official 
timetable. Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision 
is made, it is published with the HICP of the following month.

--- Page 247 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
247 
 
 
 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through 
a new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in 
the definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. 
Since 2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price 
reference period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/hicp/introduction.

--- Page 248 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
248 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Viale Egidio Galbani, 70 
00156 Rome 
Italy 
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields  
London, United Kingdom 
EC2Y 9DB 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields  
London, United Kingdom 
EC2Y 9DB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law  
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
Via Ansperto, 5 
00186 Rome 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
England

--- Page 249 ---
10286555736-v11 
 
47-41072584 
 
249 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
For the financial years 2020-2028 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
20121 Milan 
Germany 
Italy 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Reuterweg 16 
75009 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg