--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€9,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €9,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. (the Issuer or 
Terna) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €9,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer, and together, the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case 
of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility and gives no undertaking for the economic and financial soundness 
of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of 
the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its approval in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). This Base Prospectus 
will expire on 8 June 2022.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined under “Important Information” below) only applies to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in 
this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) and Scope Ratings GmbH (Scope)  is established in 
the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P, Moody’s 
and Scope is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to “Risks 
related to the Market Generally – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case 
of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement 
document (the Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act  and any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to either EURIBOR, LIBOR, CMS or such other Reference Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EMMI (European Money Market Institute), as administrator of EURIBOR is included in register 
of administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator 
of LIBOR and CMS) is not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration (as administrator of LIBOR and CMS) is not currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI or HICP (each as defined below). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI and HICP are not included on ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, CPI and HICP do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
UniCredit 
DEALERS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 June 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA). 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or 
by any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or by any of their respective affiliates  
(including parent companies) or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or of any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation 
to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data as well as calculations taken 
from industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial 
publications. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein 
derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any Dealer or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
I I  Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive No. 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, the EEA (including, for these purposes, France and the Republic of Italy (Italy)) and 
Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”).  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer 
have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the unaudited consolidated interim 
financial information for the three months ended on 31 March 2021 (together, the Financial 
Statements). 
The Issuers’ financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus 
will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus 
have the meanings defined below: 
All references in this document to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended, all references to Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling and 
all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
i. 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
ii. 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
iii. 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
iv. 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
v. 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 18 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 40 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 42 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 44 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................ 64 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 83 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 132 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................... 133 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 190 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 202 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 207 
Annex 1 – Further Information Related to Notes linked to an Index .................................................. 210

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as 
Stabilisation Manager in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer and the Trustee that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this general description.  
 
Issuer: 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Dealers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
BNP Paribas  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”), including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription 
and Sale”) 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) may 
provide that certain Notes may be redenominated in 
euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 4 
(Redenomination). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).   
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be 
subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is 
applicable.  The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes 
will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following a Step Up 
Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  For the avoidance of doubt, an 
increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more 
than once in respect of the relevant Step Up Note. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments in respect of interest and/or principal in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated 
by reference to one or more inflation indices as set 
out in Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note 
provisions) and Conditions 7.12 (Inflation Linked

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Redemption Notes) and 7.13 (Calculation of 
Inflation Linked Redemption). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Fixed 
Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon 
Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments (Instalment 
Notes). 
Redemption and interest in respect of Exempt 
Notes: 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in 
respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of 
interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: Payments in respect of 
interest and/or principal in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one 
or more inflation indices as set out in Condition 5.5 
(Inflation Linked Note provisions) and Conditions 
7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption Notes) and 7.13 
(Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption). 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in 
respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree.   
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in 
respect of which the issue price is paid in separate 
instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments (Instalment 
Notes): The Issuer may issue Notes which may be 
redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with the Trustee and any 
Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may 
be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, (see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, (see 
“Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year” above), and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject to 
certain exceptions as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 
3 
(Negative 
Pledge)) 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law) 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to 
creditors’ rights. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if 
any 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5.3(c) 
(Adjustment 
Spread)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.3(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in specified instalments in the case of Exempt 
Notes, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Clean-Up Call Option and Maturity Par Call 
Option: 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate 
whether the Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option or an 
Issuer Maturity Par Call. See Condition (7.4) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Maturity 
Par 
Call)) 
and 
Condition 
(7.5) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up 
Call)). 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) S&P has issued a long-term rating of 
“BBB+” with a stable outlook and a short-
term rating of “A-2” in respect of Terna; 
(ii) Moody’s has issued a senior unsecured 
long-term rating of “Baa2” and a short-term 
rating of “Prime-2” in respect of Terna, all 
ratings with a stable outlook; and 
(iii) Scope has issued a medium/long term rating 
of “A-” with a stable outlook and a short-
term rating of “S-1” in respect of Terna.   
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve 
this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. Condition 16 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Waiver) and Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are 
subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, the EEA (including, for these purposes, 
France and Italy) and Japan, and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or 
TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which, either 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deem not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a list of the factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
– 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
– 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
– 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer; and 
– 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the 
issuer. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
The Issuer may be exposed to financial risks. 
The Terna Group is exposed to financial risks: market risk (interest rate risk, exchange rate risk and 
inflation risk), liquidity risk and credit risk. If such risks materialise, the Issuer’s cash flows may be 
affected. In accordance with the policies approved by its Board of Directors, the Issuer has established 
responsibilities and operational procedures in order to manage such financial risks and agree the 
measures to be adopted. Terna’s risk management policies aim to identify and analyse the risks to which 
the Terna Group is exposed, setting appropriate limits and controls and monitoring risks and compliance 
with such limits. These policies and their relevant systems are reviewed on a regular basis in order to 
reflect any changes in market conditions and in the activities of the Terna Group. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Terna Group might encounter difficulty in discharging its obligations 
in respect of its financial liabilities and operating cycle. Liquidity risk management seeks to ensure 
adequate coverage of borrowing requirements by obtaining adequate credit lines and appropriate 
management of any surplus liquidity.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Ratings associated risk  
Terna is currently rated by S&P, Moody’s and Scope. Generally, a credit rating assesses the 
creditworthiness of an entity and informs investors about the probability of the entity being able to 
redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, it may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time and does not comment on the market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security.  
Credit ratings play a critical role in determining the costs for entities accessing the capital markets in 
order to borrow funds and the rate of interest they can achieve. A decrease in credit ratings by S&P, 
Moody’s or Scope may increase borrowing costs or even jeopardise further issuance.  
The price of the existing bonds may deteriorate following a downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings. In 
addition, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to risk in reductions of the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by S&P, Moody’s and Scope, a 
potential downgrade of Italy's credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of 
Italian issuers such as the Issuer and increase the likelihood that the credit rating of Notes issued under 
the Programme could be downgraded, with a consequent adverse effect on their market value.   
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk is represented by the uncertainty associated with interest rate fluctuations. This is the 
risk that a change in market interest rates may produce effects on the fair value or on the future cash 
flows of financial instruments. Terna’s main source of interest rate risk is associated with its borrowings 
and related hedges in the form of derivative instruments that generate financial expenses. 
Terna’s borrowing strategy focuses on long-term loans whose maturities reflect the useful life of 
company assets. The Issuer pursues an interest rate risk hedging policy that aims at guaranteeing that 
the percentage of debt represented by fixed rate liabilities is at least 40 per cent., as provided for in the 
relevant policies.  
Interest rate risk is mitigated through derivatives, which hedge the risk connected with movements in 
interest rates relating to long-term borrowing. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one of the counterparties of a financial or commercial transaction could cause 
a financial loss by failing to discharge an obligation. It is mainly generated by trade receivables and by 
the financial investments of the Issuer.  
The credit risk originated by open positions on transactions in derivatives is considered to be marginal 
since the counterparties, in compliance with the financial risk management policies adopted, are leading 
international banks with high ratings. 
Terna provides its services essentially to counterparties considered solvent by the market, and therefore 
with a high credit standing, and does not have high concentrations of credit risk.  
With specific reference to credit risk associated to trade receivables, the management of such risk is 
driven by the applicable regulations, including provisions of the Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and the Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti e Ambiente, hereinafter 
referred to as the ARERA) Resolution 111/06.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
Exchange risk 
Although the focus of the Terna Group is investing in the domestic grid, Terna aims to take advantage 
of opportunities for international expansion by leveraging its core competencies developed in Italy as a 
TSO, where such competencies are of significant importance in its home country. Due to these 
activities, Terna has a marginal exposure to the exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows related to 
investments, revenues, costs, financial income or expenses denominated in foreign currencies, such as 
cash flows related to the purchase or sale of equity participations. Such exposure is mitigated through 
highly liquid and easy-to-price derivatives, such as forwards and options. 
Inflation risk 
As regards inflation risk, the rates established by the regulator to provide a return on Terna’s activities 
are determined to cover the allowed costs. Such cost components are updated on an annual basis to take 
into account the impact of inflation. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
The Issuer’s revenues and the conduct of Regulated Activities substantially depend on the actions and 
decisions of the regulatory authorities in Europe and Italy.  
Remuneration criteria for the electricity transmission, distribution, metering and dispatching services, 
as well as the regulation related to the quality of the transmission service, are set by ARERA. Within 
the scope of these regulations there are a number of variables that could impact on the Terna Group's 
performance (for further details please see section “Description of the Issuer – Tariff System”).  
In addition, with respect to the electricity transmission, the payments due to the Terna Group are 
collected directly by the Terna Group invoicing the Italian electricity distributors. Accordingly, any 
failure or delay in collecting tariffs from the Italian electricity distributors may have an adverse effect 
on the Terna Group’s financial condition and results of operations. Also, distributors or other 
participants in the electricity sector may request the recalculation of tariffs invoiced to them. If any such 
recalculation is required, it is possible that the annual fees related to the recalculation period may be 
reduced as a result and/or such recalculation may have an adverse effect on the Terna Group’s revenues, 
financial position or results of operations.  
The Terna Group is also required to comply with the guidelines and directives of the Ministry of 
Economic Development (now the Ministry of Ecological Transition) relating to the operation, 
maintenance and development of the Terna Group’s Grid, including the level of capital expenditure 
required for such activities. Future guidelines or directives by the Ministry of Economic Development 
(now the Ministry of Ecological Transition) over which the Issuer has no control, including those 
requiring investments or the incurrence of capital expenditures, may increase the Terna Group’s costs 
or, otherwise, adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be affected by appeals against provisions adopted by it following Resolutions by the 
ARERA. The Issuer, as concessionaire of transmission and dispatching services, may adopt measures 
or undertake actions in order to comply with Resolutions of the ARERA. Third parties affected by such 
measures and actions may seek to appeal against such measures and actions in administrative 
proceedings. In the event that such proceedings lead to the annulment of measures and actions taken by 
the Issuer, the Issuer is unable to predict the impact of such judgments on its business, financial situation 
or performance, even if the relevant economic costs may be recognised, under certain conditions, by 
the ARERA. 
The failure of the Terna Group’s Grid or any impairment in the quality of the Issuer’s services may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s revenues and expose the Issuer to uncapped liabilities. The Terna Group's

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
operations are exposed to the risk of unexpected service interruptions caused by external events that are 
beyond Terna’s control, such as accidents, defects or breakdowns involving control systems or other 
equipment, deteriorating plant performance, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other extraordinary 
events of such kind. Repairs to the sections of the National Transmission Grid owned by the Terna 
Group and any claims for compensation by third parties as a result of such events could give rise to 
expenses if the Terna Group is found to be responsible. 
Moreover, the Terna Group may incur penalties and damage requests with reference to the quality of 
the transmission services (see also section “Description of the Issuer – Tariff System”). 
The Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by the dynamics of the volume of electricity transmitted 
and/or dispatched by the National Transmission Grid.  
Risks related to the concession governing the transmission and dispatching activities conducted by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer conducts the transmission and dispatching activities, including the management of the 
National Transmission Grid pursuant to a concession (see also sections “Description of the Issuer – 
History and development” and “Description of the Issuer – Legislative and Regulatory Framework”).  
The concession will expire in 2030 and may be renewed for the same duration (i.e. 25 years). The 
Ministry of Economic Development can impose suspension or revocation of such concession in the 
case of an event of default or a breach by the Issuer that can seriously affect the performance of the 
electrical service. It can also order the revocation of the concession if it is no longer appropriate for 
the pursuit of the public interest (see also section “Description of the Issuer – Legislative and 
Regulatory Framework”). 
The Issuer’s inability to retain ownership of the concession or a renewal thereof at less favourable terms 
could materially and adversely affect its future results of operations and cash flows, as well as its 
financial conditions. 
The Issuer may be exposed to risks deriving from Non-Regulated and International Activities 
Through Non-Regulated domestic activities, Terna Group is oriented to support energy transition, 
leveraging on its competences so as to offer a portfolio of products/services in line with the market 
opportunities in turn available. Furthermore, the small average size of the deals (or the selection of 
strategic counterparties for the big ones) limits the impact on the results of Non-Regulated Activities. 
In relation to International Activities the Terna Group/Issuer has acquired, and will acquire, the 
necessary financial resources executing the relevant project finance documentation. In this respect, it is 
worth noting that the Issuer may be required to compensate, indemnify and hold harmless the 
counterparties involved in the international projects, from damages suffered by them, as result of any 
inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty given by the Issuer and/or of any breach of any 
covenant or agreement or in relation to any claim, contingency or liability of the Terna Group/Issuer. 
Such claims could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and reputation.    
In addition, possible changes to the relevant legislative or regulatory framework (in Italy or abroad) 
may, however, make investments in this sector less attractive and, consequently, lead to a decrease in 
market opportunities for the Terna Group's Non-Regulated Activities, affecting its revenues and results 
of Non-Regulated Activities. 
At least, referring to Tamini and Brugg Kabel business (both as defined in section “Description of the 
Issuer – Organisational Structure”, although this is relatively small size within the Terna Group, any

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
changes on the market conditions and any possible claims related to the production and/or the supply 
of industrial and power transformers and cables could have a material adverse effect on the revenues 
and results of these specific businesses. For further details on such Non-Regulated and International 
businesses please see section “Description of the Issuer – Issuer’s Business”. 
Risks connected with failing to meet infrastructure development objectives 
The Issuer’s ability to develop its infrastructure and to implement its projects is subject to many 
unforeseeable events linked to operational, economic, and regulatory factors which are outside its 
control. In addition, the Issuer is unable to guarantee that all the relevant authorisations and permits will 
be granted or issued within the expected timeframe and that, once granted or issued, these will not be 
revoked.  
Moreover, the Issuer cannot guarantee that any planned projects will be started, completed or lead to 
the expected benefits in terms of tariffs. Furthermore, any such development projects may require 
greater investments or longer timeframes than those originally planned, affecting the Issuer’s financial 
position and results. 
Public authorities, residents and local communities may oppose new developments or projects to be 
executed by the Issuer, on the grounds that new infrastructures may impact the land that will host them. 
Such opposition may take the form of legal proceedings or protests and/or public opposition. The 
occurrence of any such challenges or protests during the approval process or the execution of new 
projects could lead to significant delays, increases in investment costs, and, potentially, legal 
proceedings. 
Risks associated with Terna Group’s transactions involving Countries and Activities targeted by 
Sanctions  
Following the Terna Group’s acquisition of Tamini Group (as defined in section “Description of the 
Issuer – Organisational Structure”) on 20 May 2014, the Terna Group became aware that the Tamini 
Group has entered into certain transactions and conducts (Original Sanctionable Transactions) 
involving, inter alia, third parties (I) located in countries that are or were targeted by sanctions 
(Sanctioned Countries) or (II) that are or were targeted by any applicable laws, regulations or orders 
concerning any trade, economic or financial sanctions, embargoes or restrictions adopted, enacted or 
enforced by or in the (a) Security Council of the United Nations, (b)the United States of America, (c) 
the European Union, (d) any Member State of the European Union, (e) Her Majesty's Treasury of the 
United Kingdom or (f) any body, agency or authority from or acting on behalf of any of letters (a) to 
(e) above (Sanctions). 
After the acquisition, the Tamini Group, with a view of preserving its market shares and commercial 
reputation, continued and is continuing its commercial activities connected, inter alia, to some 
international counterparties and/or Sanctioned Countries acquiring new contracts potentially subject to 
Sanctions (jointly, together with the Original Sanctionable Transactions, the Sanctionable 
Transactions).  
In this regard, for the first quarter of 2021, the amount of revenues generated by the Tamini Group and 
derived from Sanctionable Transactions was less than 0.5 per cent. of the consolidated revenues of the 
Terna Group. 
In addition, in light of the continuous evolution of any legislation applicable to Terna Group in any area 
of interest of Terna Group and with reference to any related transaction and activity of Terna Group - 
including any transaction involving Brugg Kabel AG, following its acquisition by the Issuer through its 
subsidiary Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l. on 29 February 2020 - (the Activities), and considering that 
the complex legislation is not always consistent across jurisdictions (such as (i) Council Regulation

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
(CE) 2271/1996 and/or any associated and applicable national law, instrument and/or regulation related 
thereto as amended from time to time (the EU Blocking Regulation); (ii) any law or regulation 
implementing the EU Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union; or (iii) any 
similar blocking or anti-boycott law or regulation in the United Kingdom), the Issuer, directly or 
indirectly through its subsidiaries, including Tamini Group, cannot exclude that the Activities, including 
Sanctionable Transactions, will be determined to be prohibited by Sanctions. 
If any of the Sanctionable Transactions or the Activities – or any future transactions in which Tamini 
or any other member of the Terna Group engages – are determined to be prohibited by applicable laws 
or regulations, the Tamini Group or the Terna Group could itself be subject to penalties, in which case 
the Terna Group’s reputation, financial condition and future business prospects could be adversely 
affected.  
The Terna Group is also aware of initiatives by certain U.S. states and U.S. institutional investors, such 
as pension funds, to adopt laws, regulations or policies requiring divestment from, or reporting of 
interests in, companies that do business with countries designated as states sponsoring terrorism. If any 
of the Sanctionable Transactions or the Activities are determined to fall within the scope of these laws, 
regulations or policies, resulting sales of the Terna Group’s securities could have an adverse effect on 
the price of the Terna Group’s securities. Furthermore, investors in the Terna Group’s securities could 
incur reputational risk or other risks as the result of the Terna Group’s dealings in or with countries, 
including the Sanctioned Countries, or persons that are the subject of Sanctions. 
Changes in the above-mentioned regulatory environment or in the implementation thereof are 
unpredictable and consequently the potential effects of these events on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows cannot be foreseen. 
For further details please see “Description of the Issuer” – “Business Reputation Intelligence”. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings 
The Terna Group is involved, both as plaintiff and defendant, in civil and administrative proceedings, 
including contractual, human resources, environmental, regulatory and health matters that arise in the 
ordinary course of the Terna Group’s business, as well as in criminal proceedings. 
Due to their nature, the Issuer is not able to predict the ultimate outcomes of the proceedings currently 
pending against members of the Terna Group, some of which may be unfavourable and may require 
the Terna Group to pay damages to the plaintiff, incur costs for the modification of parts of the Terna 
Group’s Grid or temporarily remove parts of the Terna Group’s Grid from service (see also section 
“Description of the Issuer – Litigation and arbitration proceedings”). 
Accordingly, the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be 
adversely affected by the outcome of one or more of such proceedings. Although the Issuer has taken 
out insurance policies specifically to cover these risks and has established provisions for the 
considered most critical disputes and litigations, such insurance coverage and provisions may not be 
sufficient to cover all of the Issuer’s losses, increased costs or liabilities that may arise, or which the 
Issuer may incur, as a result of these proceedings. 
Acquisitions could have an adverse effect on Terna’s business 
Terna may expand its business through acquisitions, which may involve significant risks that could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and operations. Such risks include, but 
are not limited to, difficulties in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services and corporate 
culture of the acquired companies, failure to achieve expected synergies, adverse operating issues that 
Terna fails to discover prior to the acquisition, insufficient indemnification from the selling parties for

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
legal liabilities incurred by the acquired companies prior to the acquisitions and the incurrence of 
significant indebtedness. 
Indemnification obligations arising from the sale of Rete Rinnovabile S.r.l. and Nuova Rete Solare 
S.r.l.  
Until 18 October 2010, SunTergrid S.p.A., a subsidiary of the Issuer, was the owner of the entire share 
capital of Rete Rinnovabile S.r.l. which operated in the renewable energy sector and was entrusted with 
managing, developing and maintaining photovoltaic plants and collecting the incentive tariff as provided 
by Italian law.  
On 31 March 2011 SunTergrid S.p.A., a subsidiary of the Issuer, sold the entire share capital of Rete 
Rinnovabile S.r.l. which operated in the renewable energy sector and was entrusted with managing, 
developing and maintaining photovoltaic plants and collecting the incentive tariff as provided by Italian 
law to RTR Acquisitions S.r.l., (an affiliate of Terra Firma Investments (GP) 3 Limited which was wholly 
controlled by Terra Firma Capital Partners III, L.P.).  
In the course of 2011, SunTergrid S.p.A. carried out a similar transaction concerning its wholly owned 
company, Nuova Rete Solare S.r.l. which operated in the renewable energy sector and in the managing, 
developing and maintaining photovoltaic plants.  
On 24 October 2011, SunTergrid S.p.A. sold 100 per cent. of the share capital of Nuova Rete Solare S.r.l. 
to RTR Holding III S.r.l., a subsidiary of Terra Firma. 
As a result of the divestments of Rete Rinnovabile S.r.l. and Nuova Rete Solare S.r.l., the Issuer may 
be required to indemnify and hold harmless the purchasers and other parties involved in the 
transactions subject to certain circumstances.  
In this respect, the Issuer established a provision for contingent liabilities arising from such obligations 
which, as at 31 December 2020, was Euro 2 million. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Information and cyber risk 
Information and cyber risk of incurring operating losses, market share losses or suffering reputational 
damage as a result of the use of information and communications technology or as a consequence of 
cyber attacks.  
The Issuer depends on its Information Technology (IT) and Operation Technology (OT and, together 
with the IT, IT/OT) and data processing systems to operate its business, as well as on their continuous 
maintenance and constant updating. The Issuer is exposed to the risk that data could be damaged or lost, 
removed, or disclosed by unauthorised parties and to the risk that business critical IT/OT services could 
be damaged or compromised from an attacker.  
This would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business and reputation, and could subject the Issuer 
to fines, with consequent negative effects on its business, results of operations or financial condition.  
Risks faced by the Issuer relating to the management of IT systems include possible violations of its 
systems due to unauthorised access to the corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of viruses 
into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the Internet. Like attempted hacking, such 
violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten 
the protection of information relating to the Issuer and its customers and can have negative effects on

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
the integrity of the Issuer’s IT systems, as well as on the confidence of the customers and on the Issuer’s 
reputation, with possible negative effects on the Group’s capital and financial condition.  
In order to prevent such risks, Terna has had an Information Security Governance Model, which enables 
it to identify the most significant cyber risks. For further details please see section “Description of the 
Issuer – Information and Cyber Security Risk”. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the issuer. 
The interests of the controlling shareholder may differ from those of the other shareholders  
The interests of CDP RETI S.p.A. (or any of its shareholders) (hereinafter referred to as CDP RETI), 
which is the majority shareholder of Terna (~30 per cent.), in any decisions may differ from those of 
other Issuer’s shareholders and may have an impact on the Issuer’s business decisions. 
For a more detailed analysis please refer to the following sections: “Description of the Issuer – 
Overview”, “Description of the Issuer – History and development”, “Description of the Issuer – Share 
capital of Terna, major shareholders and related party transactions” and “Description of the Issuer – 
Share capital of Terna, major shareholders and related party transactions – Limitations on shareholding 
– Shares granting special powers”. 
Risks connected to the effects of the international financial crisis on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition 
In the near future the stability of the European financial system might be adversely impacted also by several 
events, including those related to the COVID-19 epidemiologic crisis. In any event, the European Central Bank 
has confirmed its commitment to continue promoting financial stability. 
As a result, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to 
meet financial requirements of the Issuer and its Group may be adversely impacted and costs of 
financing may significantly increase. This could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
COVID-19 
The outbreak during the first half of 2020 of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was declared a pandemic 
by the World Health Organization, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services declared a public 
health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak; likewise, the Italian Government 
also declared a state of emergency and passed a number of emergency measures to deal with the 
outbreak. These included restrictions on travel and the free circulation of people as well as institutional 
closures, which continued during the second half of 2020 and the beginning of 2021 with “second wave” 
and “third wave” restrictions. This outbreak (and any future outbreaks) has led (and may continue to 
lead) to disruptions in the economies of those nations where COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future 
arise, including Italy, and may result in adverse impacts on the global economy in general.  
These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to volatility in or 
disruption of the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The 
potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain 
and difficult to assess. If the spread of COVID-19 persists for a significant period of time, or other 
measures are put in place, this could have a materially negative impact on the global economy.  
Moreover, the outbreak of COVID-19, and the measures taken in relation thereto, will directly or 
indirectly result in increases of defaults under mortgage loans. Payment holidays have been granted and 
could be granted again in the future pursuant to emergency legislation to borrowers in distress due to

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
the COVID-19 outbreak, under which borrowers are allowed to defer making payments for certain 
periods of time. This may result in payment disruptions and possibly higher losses under the mortgage 
loans. The impact will strongly depend on the duration and severity of the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The Issuer may have to incur significant costs to mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The Issuer's 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially affected by the 
above factors, events and developments. Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any 
governmental or societal response to the virus, may affect the business activities and financial results 
of the Issuer and the Group or may impact the functioning of the financial system(s) needed to make 
regular and timely payments under the Notes, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
on the Notes. 
International political and economic developments or terrorist incidents may adversely affect the 
results of the Issuer 
Recent years have been marked by a series of negative geopolitical, economic and financial events. The 
potential effects of these events on economic growth in Europe may result in lower consumption of 
electricity by industrial users in Italy, thus adversely affecting the Issuer’s revenues and prospects for 
growth.  
In addition, the events mentioned above may increase the volatility of equity valuations and share/debt 
trading prices, including the market price of any Notes issued pursuant to the Programme.  
Risks connected with the political and economic decisions of EU and Eurozone countries and the 
United Kingdom leaving the European Union (Brexit) 
On 31 January 2020 (exit day), the UK withdrew from the EU. Pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of the 
Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement that entered into force on exit day, the UK entered an implementation 
period during which it negotiated its future relationship with the EU under the political declaration that 
accompanied the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement. During such implementation period – which ended 
at 11 p.m. UK time (midnight CET) on 31 December 2020 (the implementation period completion day, 
or IP completion day) – EU law generally continued to apply in the UK. 
Following such negotiations, on 24 December 2020 the UK and the EU concluded a free trade 
agreement known as the ‘UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement’ (the TCA). The TCA, which 
entered into force (initially on a temporary basis) on IP completion day, is principally a free trade 
agreement in goods. It does not address in any detail a number of areas, including the cross-border 
provision of services, the ‘passporting’ of UK and EU financial institutions, the determination of 
equivalence between EU and UK financial market regulations, or judicial cooperation in civil matters. 
In addition, on IP completion day, as a unilateral matter and in order to mitigate the effect of the EU 
Treaties no longer applying to the UK, the UK incorporated into its law (i.e. grandfathered) the majority 
of EU law as it stood at IP completion day (EU retained law). 
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement and the TCA by the EU and the UK, and 
the implementation by the UK of EU retained law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard to 
the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU and there are likely to be changes in the legal 
rights and obligations of commercial parties across all industries, particularly in the services sector 
(including financial services) following the UK's exit from the EU. 
There is a risk that other EU Member States could hold referenda as to their membership of, and 
ultimately leave, the EU, as the UK did, and that one or more EU Member States that adopted the Euro 
as their national currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency, or that there 
is a prolonged period of uncertainty connected to these eventualities. These risks if they materialised 
could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and the stability of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
international financial markets. This could include further volatility in equity markets, in the value of 
sterling and/or the Euro and in financial markets generally, a reduction in global market liquidity with 
a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating results and capital including as may impact the 
financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group and the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in 
the secondary market. 
In addition to the above, and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus there is 
no legal procedure or practice aimed at facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Eurozone, the 
consequences of these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods by which a 
Member State could manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the exchange 
rate between the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could be 
accompanied by the deterioration of the economic and financial situation of the European Union and 
could have a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the 
granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses and involving considerable changes to financial 
activities both at market and retail level. This situation could therefore have a significant negative 
impact on the operating results and capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group and/or 
the Issuer’s ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Notes, as well as the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Issuer may incur substantial costs to comply with environmental laws 
The activities of the Terna Group are also affected by environmental legislation at National, European 
and International level, including in relation to electromagnetic fields and landscape.  
The Terna Group may incur increased costs due to the implementation of, and compliance with, 
environmental regulations calling for preventive measures or other requirements.  
Furthermore, in the future, the European Union or the Italian Government may adopt stricter laws that 
would require the Terna Group to upgrade, relocate or make other changes to some of its existing 
electricity transmission networks and systems and would result in the Terna Group incurring significant 
expenditures in order to do so. The Issuer cannot ensure that such costs will not arise in the future. These 
costs may adversely impact the Issuer’s financial performance and results of operations.  
Also, local opposition to these required actions could further increase the Terna Group’s costs due to 
delays in the completion of the necessary upgrades, relocations or any other changes as described above 
or due to civil action. 
The Issuer may be affected by changes in energy laws, tax laws and public sector laws 
The activities of the Terna Group (and accordingly, the revenues deriving from such activities) may be 
affected by changes in the rules governing the electricity market, strategic infrastructures or the 
authorisation procedures for transmission infrastructures or having an impact on the relationships 
between the companies of the Terna Group and other stakeholders (producers, distributors, etc.).  
More in particular, European institutions have completed in 2019 a new legal framework for the energy 
union, the so-called “Clean Energy Package” and Terna is working at the European Green Deal, a 
roadmap that seeks to make the EU the first climate-neutral continent by 2050. As a result, further 
legislative initiatives at national level are expected in the near future to transpose the EU regulation. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Terna Group cannot predict what effect, if any, such 
developments may have on its business. 
The energy industry is subject to the payment of income taxes which can be higher than those payable 
in many other commercial activities. In addition, in recent years, the Issuer has experienced adverse

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
changes in the tax regimes applicable to electricity companies.  These companies are not permitted by 
law to pass on the increased tax liability to customers via a tariff increase and this therefore may result 
in additional costs for the Issuer.  
Any future adverse changes in the income tax rate or other taxes or charges applicable to the Terna 
Group would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s future results of operations and cash flows. 
Employees and key personnel 
The Issuer’s ability to operate its business effectively depends on the capabilities and performance of 
its personnel. Loss of key personnel or an inability to attract, train or retain appropriately qualified 
personnel (in particular for technical positions where availability of appropriately qualified personnel 
may be limited) or if significant disputes arise with employees, may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
implement its long-term business strategy and there may be a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that an employee or an individual acting on behalf of the Issuer may breach 
anti-bribery legislation or otherwise breach the Issuer’s internal controls or internal governance 
framework. This could impact on the Issuer’s results of operations, its reputation and, as a consequence, 
its ability to meet its obligations on the Notes. 
For further details and the analysis of the polices implemented by the Issuer please see section 
“Description of the Issuer - Senior Management and Employees”. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
– 
Risks applicable to all Notes; 
– 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
– 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes; 
– 
Risks related to Notes generally; and 
– 
Risks related to the Market Generally.  
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider the risk of reinvestment in light 
of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
In addition, with respect to Condition (7.5) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), 
there is no obligation under the Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per cent. of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled, and the Issuer’s 
right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of 
the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes:  
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation 
Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) where the amount of principal and/or interest or 
the settlement amount payable are dependent upon the level of an inflation/consumer price index or 
indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal, 
interest or the settlement amount may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a 
substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation/consumer 
price index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or 
indices may affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event 
provisions. Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
or ceasing or such index being rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent (as defined in the 
Conditions) determines that any such event has occurred this may delay valuations under, and/or 
settlements in respect of, the Notes and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes. Any such 
adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond, as defined in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be if so specified therein. In addition certain extraordinary or disruption 
events may lead to early termination of the Notes which may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the 
Inflation Linked Notes Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest or the settlement amount payable are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect 
of changes in the level of the inflation/consumer price index or the indices on principal or interest 
payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes 
are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any 
movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if 
applicable) or, in the case of Notes with a redemption amount or settlement amount linked to inflation, 
in a reduction of the amount payable on redemption or settlement which in some cases could be less 
than the amount originally invested. 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of 
inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount or 
settlement amount of Inflation Linked Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant 
jurisdiction or area, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by 
Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or 
indices. The level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions or areas. 
In respect of the Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Issuer’s intention is to allocate the net proceeds from the issue of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” 
to the financing and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Projects which meet the Eligibility Criteria 
(such terms as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Prospective investors should determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes, together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given that the 
use of such net proceeds for any Eligibl e Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) and the EU 
Taxanomy Climate Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commision on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly 
change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the determination of such a definition in 
the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the implementation of delegated regulations 
by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any 
projects or uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green 
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in to 
and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, 
report and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Base Prospectus, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such a manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are 
responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green 
Projects meet the Eligibility Criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to 
the Issuer’s website (www.terna.it), the green bond framework of the Issuer and the second party 
opinion for information. The second party opinion provider has been appointed by the Issuer. The 
second party opinion and the green bond framework will be made available on the Issuer's website 
(www.terna.it). 
Step Up Notes (Sustainability-linked Bonds) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any 
future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  Step 
Up Notes are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds 
for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be 
subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of Step Up Notes depends on a definition of Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or 
other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions. The Issuer defines Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions as the release of GHG into the atmosphere, related to Scope 1 and Scope 2 and reported in 
the form of amount of emissions in metric tonnes of CO2eq.   
The issuer has so far annually disclosed Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions in accordance with 
GRI standards’ requirements. The Group’s Non-Financial Disclosure is subject of third-party 
verification in compliance with the criteria established in the “International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) – Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of 
Historical Financial Information” issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board 
(IAASB) for limited assurance engagements. 
Furthermore, any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in 
such certifications or reports or any past or future reports, certifications, opinions, Limited Assurance 
Reports and/or External Verifier Assurance Reports is not part of the Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme.  
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its direct greenhouse gas emissions, there can be no assurance 
of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of this target will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  Adverse environmental or social 
impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes 
in furtherance of these targets or such investments may become controversial or criticized by activist 
groups or other stakeholders.  An Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event shall not occur in the 
case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition as a 
result of certain events described in the Conditions.  Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the 
Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to 
reach its Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions.  
A portion of Terna Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators 
A portion of Terna Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators such as total greenhouse gas emissions (see "Step Up Notes (Sustainability-
linked Bonds) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics") which must be complied with by the Issuer, and in respect of which a 
Step Up Option applies if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  The failure to meet 
such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest amounts under such 
Notes, which would increase Terna Group's cost of funding and which could have a material adverse 
effect on Terna Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it.  
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or to 
other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Potential investors should be aware that:  
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices;  
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and  
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of his investment.  
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those of securities that do not include those 
features.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting  or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted against 
the majority.  
As provided under article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders 
may, by an Extraordinary Resolution passed by a specific majority, modify the Conditions (these 
modifications may relate to, without limitation, the maturity of the Notes or the dates on which interest 
is payable on them; the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes; or the currency of payment of the 
Notes). These and other changes to the Conditions of the Notes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights 
and may adversely impact the market value of the Notes.  
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
be treated as such, in the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), 
including in respect of any amendment to the Notes.  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) causes a 30 per cent. withholding 
tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain 
financial instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, Specified Securities). If the Issuer 
or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor such 
withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section "Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding".  
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known 
as FATCA, Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section “Taxation – Foreign Account Tax Compliance ACT”. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a possible judicial decision, a change in English 
law or administrative practice 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change in English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a minimum denomination and are tradable in the clearing 
systems in amounts above such minimum denomination which are smaller than it, should definitive 
Notes be required to be issued, a holder who does not have an integral multiple of the minimum 
denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of 
his entitlement in the form of definitive Notes unless and until such time as his holding becomes an 
integral multiple of the minimum denomination.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
“benchmark”, such as Floating Rate Notes.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, including any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR and/or EURIBOR, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will 
not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the 
administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all 
LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its 
powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the 
IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated 
it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 
31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and 
US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its 
powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period 
after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that 
consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such 
settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR 
settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at 
the end of 2022.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the 
euro risk-free rate working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. The final recommendations are expected to be published during the second quarter of 
2021. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference such Original Reference Rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
Depending on the manner in which the relevant Original Reference Rate is to be determined under the 
Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) if ISDA Determination applies, the application 
of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the Original Reference Rate is expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending, or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant Original Reference Rate was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate 
Notes which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) otherwise occurs, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer and that such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances 
the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time.   
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters with their own independent 
advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the Market Generally  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (hereinafter referred to as the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The previous Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2020, including the relevant Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes at pages 74-118 (inclusive) of the same, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, 
the auditors’ reports and the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial report of the Issuer as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021, all of which 
have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
to the Base Prospectus (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.  
This Base prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
www.bourse.lu. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer or from the specified office of the Paying Agent 
for the time being in Luxembourg.  
The following documents shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Terms and Conditions 
74-118 
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 
2020 prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme 
https://download.terna.it/terna/ 
2020_EMTN_Update-
Base_Prospectus_FINAL_8d8 
11d1a957e46e.pdf 
Issuer’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at and 
for the Financial Year Ended on 
31 December 2020 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
RelazioneFinanziariaAnnuale_ 
2020_ENG_SEGNALIBRI_8d8 
fab8ff902f7e.pd 
Consolidated income statement 
198 
Consolidated statement of comprehenisve 
income 
200-201 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
204 
Notes 
to 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
206-286

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number  
 
Auditors’ report 
290-296 
Issuer’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at and 
for the Financial Year Ended on 
31 December 2019 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
TERNA_INTEGRATO_2019_E
NG_8d7f5c91ae0667d.pdf 
Integrated Report 
17 – 164 
Consolidated income statement 
170 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income 
171 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
172 – 173 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
174 – 175  
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
176 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
178 – 238 
 
Auditors’ report 
242 – 248 
Issuer’s Unaudited Condensed 
Consolidated Interim Financial 
Report as at and for the three 
months ended on 31 March 
2021 
https://download.terna.it/terna/
TERNA_Resoconto_1Q2020_E
NG_8d7f7514d5c82a1.pdf 
Group’s reclassified income statement 
43-44 
Cash flow  
46 
The group’s reclassified statement of 
financial position 
47-48 
Debt 
49 
 
Consolidated income statement  
43-44 
The documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2020 prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme are not incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
because these are not considered to be relevant for investors. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will:  
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and  
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Principal Paying Agent (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”).  
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either (i) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon (a) not less than 60 days' written notice being given to the Agent by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in this Global 
Note) or (b) the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and 
is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.  
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period, or 
(ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes 
are Exempt Notes, a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):  8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€9,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2020 which is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the subparagraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
 
(Note - where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
 
[[[     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate][, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[16]/[17] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[100 per cent.] [] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 16 
and 17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[22] below)] 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively] [registered in the 
Companies’ Register of Rome on []]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not 
applicable 
delete the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option][     ] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons.) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not 
Applicable]] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)] 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]  
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [LIBOR as applicable to the 
currency of the issue/EURIBOR]. 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR, and second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR 
or euro LIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately.) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
(h) 
Margin(s):  
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes][+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Event: 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event  
(i) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Threshold: [●] 
 
(iii) External Verifier: [] 
(b) 
Step Up Margin: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[     ]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [CPI/HICP] which is 
provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [CPI/HICP] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Reference Source(s) 
[     ]  
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(g) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(k) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[[     ] per cent.] 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(t) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day).) 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 
7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
Date(s) falling [on [ ]/any date from, and 
including, the Issue Date to but excluding [ ] 
(being the date that is 90 days prior to the 
Maturity Date)]/[and] [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount in the period (the Par Call Period) from 
and including [insert date] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[   ] per Calculation Amount] [in the case 
of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ 
]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding 
[insert 
date]] 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert 
applicable 
reference 
bond] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[     ] 
(g) 
Notice periods:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
[Maximum period: [   ] days] 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [     ] days]  
(provide for a minimum period of at least 10 days 
to allow sufficient notice and time for set up of 
the payment event) 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods:  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[     ]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts (if not 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
[     ] 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: 
[     ] per cent. 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount / (in the case of 
Inflation Linked Notes:) as per Condition 7.12 
(Inflation Linked Redemption Notes)] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be said to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 above 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] 
in 
excess 
thereof 
up 
to 
and 
including[€199,000].”  
 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s)  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not to the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which paragraph 14(c) 
above relates.) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made /No.] 
29. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and any

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
provisions necessary to deal with floating rate 
interest 
calculation 
(including 
alternative 
reference rates)).] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A.: 
By: ................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify (i) relevant regulated market (for 
example the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) and also any third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF, and (ii) if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and also any third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF, 
and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange)] with effect from [    ].] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following rating 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details by insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Each of 
[defined terms] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[Not Applicable] 
[(i)Reasons for the offer:] 
[General 
corporate 
purposes/To 
[finance/refinance] Eligible Green Projects (See 
“Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus)] 
[(ii)][Estimated net proceeds:] 
[     ] 
[(iii)][Estimated total expenses:] 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT 
ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS3 
(N.B. The requirements below only apply if the Notes are derivative securities to which 
Annex 17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 applies) 
(i) 
The exercise price or the final 
reference 
price 
of 
the 
underlying: 
[As per Condition 5.2(C) (Rate of Interest – 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Notes)/As 
per 
Condition 7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes)] 
                                                     
3 Required for derivative securities to which Annex 17 to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 applies.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
(ii) 
An 
indication 
where 
information about the past and 
the further performance of the 
underlying and its volatility 
can be obtained by electronic 
means, and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge 
[     ] 
(iii) 
The name of the index: 
[CPI - ITL / HICP] as defined in Annex 1 to the 
Base Prospectus 
(iv) 
The place where information 
about 
the 
index 
can 
be 
obtained: 
the place where information about the index can 
be obtained [Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR or its 
replacement / Eurostat’s internet site] 
 
[(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg, and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 14 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [insert] [business] day after the day

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  
Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [Include this text 
if “yes” selected, in which case the Notes must 
be issued in NGN form.] 
 
[No. 
 
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
United 
States 
Tax 
Considerations 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
the Notes will be available from [give name(s) 
and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Notes are Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, 
indicatively it considers that they will [not] be 
Specified Securities for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only, subject to change, 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
[Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]4 
(The Notes will not be Specified Securities if they 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not 
delta-one for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or 
an index that contains a component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 
January 2023 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an 
investment in the underlying or (ii) are issued on 
or after 1 January 2023, further analysis would 
be required.)] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be 
                                                     
4 This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Securities 
as of the date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
specified. 
If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(ix) 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than 
one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]. 
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)].  [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such 
that the administrator is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration]]. (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this subparagraph)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
6 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 [Date] 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156009E94ED54DE7C31 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€9,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to [either 
of][Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation][or][section 85 of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of][Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation][or][Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer.]7 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [Viale Egidio Galbani, 70, 00156 
Rome, Italy]. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2020, which is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
                                                     
7 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and UK if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction 
for that regime are not included/not specified to be “Applicable” (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, 
ora key information document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 29 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] [specify other] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate][, subject to the Step Up Option]]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 
and 17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior  
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[             ] 
[and 
[             ], 
respectively] 
[registered in the Companies’ Register of Rome 
on []]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option][     ] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form see conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
paragraph (b) below/, not subject to adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in paragraph (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify 
other]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ]  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]. 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR 
or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for LIBOR 
and/or EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(See Condition 5 (Interest) for alternatives) 
16. Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Event: 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event  
(i) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Threshold: [●] 
(iii) External Verifier: [] 
(b) 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
 
18. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[give name]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
19. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Reference Source(s): 
[     ]  
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(g) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(k) 
DIR(0) 
[     ] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[ [     ] per cent.] 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(t) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] /[specify other] 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day).) 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[specify other] 
20. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[          ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Notice periods for Condition 
7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
22. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [ ]/any date from, and 
including, the Issue Date to but excluding [ ] 
(being the date that is 90 days prior to the 
Maturity Date)]/[and] [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount in the period (the Par Call Period) from 
and including [insert date] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[   ] per Calculation Amount] [in the case 
of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [insert date]] 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert 
applicable 
reference 
bond] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days] [Maximum period: 
[   ] days]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [     ] days]  
(provide for a minimum period of at least 10 days 
to allow sufficient notice and time for set up of 
the payment event) 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[     ]  
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[     ]  
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ]  
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[     ]  
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
End Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[specify 
other][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts (if not 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[     ] 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
[     ] 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: [     ] per cent. 
26. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different 
from 
that 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 7.7 
(Early 
Redemption 
Amounts)): 
[[        ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]]  
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which paragraphs 15(c) and 18(g) 
above relate) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest 
due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
(c) 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and any 
provisions necessary to deal with floating rate

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
interest 
calculation 
(including 
alternative 
reference rates)).] 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
terms of the redenomination in an Annex to the 
Final Terms).] 
34. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].]  [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
 ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[     ]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Base Prospectus) 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg, 
société anonyme and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition 14 
(Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the insert] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.   
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No.   
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional 
United 
States 
selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
United 
States 
Tax 
Considerations: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purposes 
of 
Section 
871(m).] 
[Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes will be available [provide 
appropriate contact details or location of such 
information].] [As at the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the Notes are Specified Securities for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they 
will [not] be Specified Securities for these purposes. 
This is indicative information only, subject to 
change, and if the Issuer’s final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such 
determination. Further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available [provide appropriate contact details or 
location of such information].]8 (The Securities will 
not be Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior 
to 1 January 2023 and are not delta-one for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or 
any index that contains any component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
1 January 2023 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2023, further analysis would be required.)] 
                                                     
8  This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Securities 
as of the date of the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include 
a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation 
to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive 
Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale 
S.p.A. (the Issuer) constituted by a Fourteenth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Fourteenth 
Supplemental Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust 
Deed) dated 8 June 2021 and made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any other trustee or successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a 
Fourteenth Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 8 June 2021 and made 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents, together hereinafter referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(or of the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which 
supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered to the public (i) in the European Economic Area 
or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in 
definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), 
the holders of the Receipts (the Receiptholders) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, 
which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.  
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available to the Noteholders for inspection 
during normal business hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at the date 
of this Base Prospectus at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, England 
and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Linked Note (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, 
an Inflation Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Dual 
Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a 
Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the following paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Note, and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. Without limitation to the foregoing, in determining 
whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of notes as aforesaid, the 
Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error or proven error, be conclusive and binding 
on all concerned.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the 
Agent and the Trustee.  
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.  
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon the whole or any 
part of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Indebtedness, except for Permitted 
Encumbrances, unless:  
(A) 
the same Security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all 
amounts payable under the Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons and the Trust 
Deed to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or  
(B) 
such other Security or guarantee (or other arrangement) as (i) the Trustee in its absolute 
discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall previously have been or shall 
forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all amounts payable under the 
Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons and the Trust Deed.  
As used herein:  
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;  
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities and which is or are 
intended to be quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
regulated securities market;  
Material Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer, located or domiciled in 
an OECD Member Country:  
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as calculated respectively by reference to 
the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries; or  
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
A report by two Directors of the Issuer addressed to the Trustee and stating that in their opinion 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further 
enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest or (to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee) proven error, be conclusive and binding on all parties;  
OECD Member Country means a country that is a member of the Organisation for Economic 
Cooperation and Development or any successor organisation thereof (or, to the extent that the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development or a successor organisation no 
longer exists, that was a member thereof at the time the relevant organisation ceased to exist);  
Permitted Encumbrances means:  
(a) 
any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result 
of any action taken by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes; or 
(c) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Subsidiary of any member of the Group after 
the date of issuance of the Notes, any Security existing over such entity’s assets at the 
time it becomes such a Subsidiary, provided that the Security was not created in 
contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming such a Subsidiary and provided 
further that the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in 
connection with, its becoming such a Subsidiary; or  
(d) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited-recourse 
financing, securitisation or other like arrangement where the payment obligations in 
respect of the indebtedness secured by the relevant Security are to be discharged solely 
from the revenues generated by the assets over which such Security is created 
(including, without limitation, receivables) provided that the aggregate book value of 
the assets over which such Security is created shall not exceed at any time 
€400,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or, if greater, 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated net worth of the Group, in each case as shown in the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or  
(f) 
any Security created after the date of issue of the Notes on any asset acquired by the 
person creating the Security and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re-financing that acquisition, provided that the principal 
amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that 
acquisition;  
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality;  
Project Finance Indebtedness means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in financing 
the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the Group:  
(a) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no 
recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than:  
(i) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
(ii) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower 
over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving 
therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its 
shares or the like in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Indebtedness, 
provided that (A) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries 
made on any such enforcement and (B) such Person or Persons is or are not entitled, by virtue 
of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such Indebtedness, to commence any 
proceedings of whatever nature against any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary); 
Project Finance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer either:  
(a) 
(i) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(ii) 
none of whose Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of 
the Group (other than such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary) 
in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly referred to in 
subparagraph (b)(ii) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; or  
(b) 
at least 70 per cent. in principal amount of whose Indebtedness is Project Finance 
Indebtedness; 
Security means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest; 
Subsidiary means, in respect of any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary Shareholders’ Meetings of the second Person is 
held by the first Person; or 
(b) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary Shareholders’ Meetings of the second Person; or 
(c) 
whose accounts are required to be consolidated with those of the first Person pursuant 
to article 26 of Law 127 of 1991, 
in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, pursuant to the provisions of article 2359, first 
paragraph, No. 1 and No. 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
4.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, but after prior consultation with the Trustee, on giving 
prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 
30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro.  
The election will have effect as follows:  
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of €0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro 
at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of 
the Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments;  
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest €0.01;  
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall 
be issued at the expense of the Issuer: (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the 
denomination of €100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Agent may determine and 
notify to the Noteholders, and any remaining amounts less than €100,000 shall be 
redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Payments); and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in 
the denominations of €1,000, €10,000, €100,000 and (but only to the extent of any 
remaining amounts less than €1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent and 
the Trustee may approve) €0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent shall 
determine and notify to the Noteholders;  
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also 
become void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute 
valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less 
than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes;  
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes 
to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or 
transfer to a euro account (or to any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated:  
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding; and  
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:  
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty;  
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty;  
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified 
by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Redenomination) 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union;  
Relevant Notes means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and Treaty 
means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and  
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(A) 
General 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.   
In these Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is:  
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(B) below, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of paragraph (ii) above shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both:  
a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and  
c) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.  
(B) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
or other party specified in the Final Terms under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that other party were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The definition of "Fallback Observation Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: "Fallback 
Observation Day" means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to 
which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five 
Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
Investors should consult the Issuer should they need to consult the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
Where the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement (the IBOR Supplement) 
applies to any Notes where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
where and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch is appointed as Calculation 
Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the IBOR Supplement the 
Calculation Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including 
in determining LIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the IBOR 
Supplement requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, the 
Issuer, will provide written direction to the Calculation Agent specifying how 
such discretion should be exercised, and the Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to rely on that direction conclusively and without any liability to any party in 
connection therewith and shall not be obliged to act unless so directed. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5.3 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and as provided below, be either:  
(A) 
the offered quotation; or  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) as applicable to the currency of 
issue and or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other party 
as specified in the Final Terms. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or that other party for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of 
Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of paragraph (A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. In particular, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (i) 
above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (i) above, 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Financial Adviser shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised 
financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Financial Adviser. 
(C) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes, for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other 
party specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 









)
0
(
)
(
*
Interest 
 
of
 
Rate
DIR
t
DIR
Multiplier
Rate
 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either 
case, designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the 
provisions of paragraph (D) below shall apply as appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest and the result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
DayOfMonth means the actual number of days since the start of the relevant month; 
DaysInMonth means the number of days in the relevant month; 
DIR(0) means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms and being the value as 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (where month "t" is the month and 
year in which the Trade Date falls): 
DIR(0) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 
2) – Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
DIR(t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month "t", 
the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
DIR(t) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 
2) – Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base 
Prospectus specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the 
month that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 1 prior to the month (t) in 
which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 2) means the value of the Inflation Index for the 
month that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 2 prior to the month in 
which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; and 
Rate Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if Rate Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate Multiplier shall be 
deemed to be equal to one. 
(D) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or, as the case 
may be, paragraph (C) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or, as the case 
may be, paragraph (C) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(E) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and the Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, will at or promptly after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
promptly after calculating the same.  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note or, an Inflation Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding.  
If an Initial Ratio Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, the 
amount payable on the first Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Aggregate

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
Nominal Amount of the Notes shall be the sum of the relevant Interest Amount (in 
respect of the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date) plus an amount equal to the product of the 
Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(t)/DIR(0) (or in the event the Interest Amount 
referred to above is calculated in respect of Notes in definitive form, a pro rata 
proportion of such amount) (such sum shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest 
euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:  
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
360
D1)
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
2
1
2
1
2





 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and  
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.  
Initial Ratio Amount means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable; and 
(F) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed to the Trustee and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.  
(G) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or manifest error or proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default and fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders,the Couponholders or the Trustee shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.  
5.3 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall 
be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
a Step Up Event will be notified by the Issuer to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), the Noteholders on the Step Up Event Notification Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of Interest, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3: 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions means the release of GHG into the atmosphere, 
related to Scope 1 and Scope 2 and reported in the form of amount of emissions in metric tonnes 
of CO2eq;  
CO2 means carbon dioxide; 
CO2eq means carbon dioxide equivalent; 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition means the notification in writing by the 
Issuer to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step 
Up Event Notification Date that the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions as of the Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Threshold, and that such Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions as of the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date has been 
confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition, provided that no Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition due to either: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies, or a decision of a competent authority; or 
(b) 
the relevant concessions granted to the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations or by merged and acquired companies, being amended, revoked or the 
relevant expiration date being shortened; 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date is the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Threshold means the threshold expressed in metric 
tonnes of CO2eq (tCO2eq), specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG Emissions Threshold; 
External Verifier means a qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date of the Notes to review the Issuer's statement 
of the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
External Verifier Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available 
Information); 
GHG means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the atmosphere 
contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) carbon dioxide (CO2), methane

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFC), perfluorocarbons (PFC), sulfur 
hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3); 
GHG Report is a section included in the NFD Report providing Terna Group's physical 
emissions; 
Initial Rate of Interest means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Limited Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available 
Information); 
NFD Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Available Information); 
Scope 1 GHG Emissions means GHG Emissions which occur from fossil fuels consumption 
for internal use and company operations including buildings heating, company vehicles, back-
up generators and GHG losses from electrical equipment (in particular, SF6 for electrical 
insulation purposes);  
Scope 2 GHG Emissions means GHG Emissions which occur from purchase of electricity 
from the grid and transmission losses along the high-voltage lines managed by Terna, as 
required by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard with respect to the role of Transmission 
System Operators; 
Step Up Date means, in relation with the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event, the 
first day of the next Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish 
the NFD Report as of and for the period ending on the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reference Date pursuant to Condition 15 (Available Information); 
Step Up Event means the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event; 
Step Up Event Notification Date means a Business Day falling no later than 30 days prior to 
the Step Up Date; and 
Step Up Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step 
Up Margin. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3(a) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.3. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5.3(a) and notify the Agents and the Calculation Agent of such 
determinations prior to the date which is ten Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the rate of interest. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.3(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.3(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5.3); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.3 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant 
Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
accordance with Condition 5.3(e) (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.3(e) (Notices), the Trustee shall (at the expense 
of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer using its reasonable endeavours to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to 
or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any 
Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, would have the effect of: 
(i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing the obligations, responsibilities or duties, 
or decreasing the protections, of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and/or the Conditions in any 
way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Directors:  
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.3;  
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and  
(iii) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect 
to each of the matters above.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final 
Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser) 
to Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(B)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);  
(d) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5.3(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Inflation Linked Note provisions 
5.4.1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest and Redemption Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law); or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date 
is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
Determination Date means each of the Interest Determination Date and the Redemption 
Determination Date, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent.  If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union.  In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds.  If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party 
providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as 
the Issuer may select at such time. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported. 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond.  If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above. 
5.4.2 
Inflation Index delay and disruption provisions 
(a) 
Delay in publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute 
Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes which are Exempt Notes, in accordance with any 
formula specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation provision.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has been 
designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 5.5), a successor 
inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor 
Inflation Index may previously have been determined under paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
below; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (i) above, 
and a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement 
Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously 
applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for 
purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what 
the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  If four or five responses are 
received and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three 
responses are received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii), the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (iv) below; or 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above by the next occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from 
such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation 
index to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the 
Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material modification prior to last occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is fifteen (15) Business 
Days prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days 
of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected 
the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the 
Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes on the 
date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount, as at the date of 
redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event. 
5.4.3 
Inflation Index disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the Inflation 
Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation 
Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
particular date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index 
and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. 
The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation 
Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination 
of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently 
verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation 
Index. 
5.6 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the 
provisions of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked 
Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period promptly 
after calculating the same.  
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are Exempt Notes interest will be paid as 
set out in Conditions 5.2(C) (Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and 5.5 (Inflation 
Linked Note provisions) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:  
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(B) 
as provided in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:  
(A) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and  
(B) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or to any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.  
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (871(m) 
Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with 
respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
“dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest 
rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law.   
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate 
of 70 per cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the 
Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 6.4 (Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of 
certain types of Exempt Notes)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.  
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note.  
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.  
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which 
they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if:  
(A) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(B) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or by 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and  
(C) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 9 (Prescription)) is:  
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open  
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(A) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, 
or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(B) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(C) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(D) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(E) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
 
(F) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.  
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
With regards to Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are not Exempt Notes please see 
Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note provisions). 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor an Inflation Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than the minimum period

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept the certificate and legal opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (A) above, 
notice to the Trustee and to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) the 
Optional Redemption Amount will either be:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
(i) the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms which, in the case of the redemption of some only of the Notes then 
outstanding, shall be a nominal amount of not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount which is 
the higher of: 
a. 100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
b. as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then 
current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to 
the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 
366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption 
Margin.  
As used in this Condition (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)):  
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by the Reference Dealers. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 
7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 50 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during 
the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the Clean-
Up Call Option) but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) 
days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put can be 
exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the 
provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition 7.4 and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global 
Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.4.  
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(B) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or  
(C) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:  
RPmeans the Reference Price;  
AYmeans the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y  
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
7.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index 
Linked Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating 
to an asset or other property (the Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the 
Reference Asset or of some other asset or property (the Physically-Settled Notes). 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes which are Exempt Notes will be redeemed as set out in 
Conditions 7.12 (Inflation Linked Redemption Notes) and 7.13 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made 
by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 7.9 (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold.  
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
as provided in Condition 7.7(C) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
7.12 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes 
In respect of Inflation Linked Redemption Notes which are not Exempt Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will calculate such Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case 
may be) promptly after each time such amount is capable of being determined and will notify 
the Agent thereof promptly after calculating the same.  The Agent will promptly thereafter 
notify the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed thereof 
and cause notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
7.13 
Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date (utilising the DIR(T) value 
applicable to the Final Redemption Amount) in accordance with the following formula: 













)
0
(
)
(
*
Multiplier
Amount 
 
Redemption
%;
100
*
on
Denominati
 
Specified
Amount 
 
Redemption
 
Final
DIR
T
DIR
Max
 
The result of DIR(T) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards and the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards.  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note shall be the sum of (i) a 
principal amount determined by the Calculation Agent promptly after the time the Early 
Redemption Amount is capable of being determined in accordance with the formula set out 
above, provided that the reference to “Final Redemption Amount” shall be replaced by a 
reference to “Early Redemption Amount” and the DIR(T) value applicable to the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be utilised; and (ii) interest accrued but unpaid in respect of the 
period from, and including, the most recent Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the date 
for redemption of the Notes where the Rate of Interest for such period shall be calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Defined terms used in this Condition 7.13 shall have the same meanings as set out in Condition 
5.2(C) provided that, DIR(T) means the value of the Inflation Index for (i) in the case of the 
calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the Maturity Date and (ii) in the case of the 
calculation of the Early Redemption Amount, the date for redemption of the Notes, in each case 
calculated in accordance with the following formula where month "t" is the month and year of 
the Maturity Date in the case of (i) above and the month and year in which the date for 
redemption falls in the case of (ii) above:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
DIR(t)=Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 1)+[Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 2)-Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 
1)]*[DayOfMonth-1)/DaysInMonth] 
Rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
If the date for redemption occurs prior to the first Interest Payment Date, a pro rata proportion 
of an amount equal to the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(T)/DIR(0) 
shall be added to the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the date of redemption of the Notes) (such sum 
shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded 
upwards). 
Redemption Amount Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if Redemption Amount Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the 
Redemption Amount Multiplier shall be deduced to be equal to 100 per cent.  
The provisions of Condition 5.5 (Inflation Linked Note provisions) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessment or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
(A) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect 
of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or  
(B) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but 
not limited to a declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(C) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable 
to payments)); or 
(D) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of 
any Notes, Receipts or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and any related implementing regulations 
(as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(E) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Law Decree 
No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983 as 
amended from time to time;

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
(F) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(G) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or official 
interpretations thereof or (ii) Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons; and  
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless demand for payment in respect of 
principal and/or interest is made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
6.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons).  
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (C), (D), (F) and (G) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the 
Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each 
an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(A) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of ten calendar days; or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or to observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
(or such longer period as the Trustee may agree in writing) next following the service 
by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(C) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), or the Issuer fails to 
make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date 
for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or default is made 
by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer is contesting, 
in good faith, in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction or before a competent 
arbitration panel that the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or any such 
guarantee and/or indemnity shall be due or enforceable, as appropriate, and provided 
further that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred 
and be continuing shall exceed at any time €20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or  
(D) 
any Security (other than any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness), present 
or future, created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets 
or revenues of the Issuer, becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person) which is not discharged within 30 days of such enforcement; or  
(E) 
if the Issuer shall be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent 
amalgamation, merger, de-merger or reconstruction (a Solvent Reorganisation) (i) to 
be adopted or implemented pursuant to any mandatory provisions of law or (ii) on terms 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, and (in the case 
of (i) and (ii)) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by the 
entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and 
an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of 
Italy has been delivered to the Trustee confirming the same prior to the effective date 
of such Solvent Reorganisation); or  
(F) 
if the Issuer shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry on all or substantially 
all of its business or shall dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (in each case 
otherwise than for the purpose of a Solvent Reorganisation (i) to be adopted or 
implemented pursuant to any mandatory provisions of law or (ii) on terms approved in 
writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, and (in the case of (i) and 
(ii)) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by the entity 
resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and an opinion 
of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been 
delivered to the Trustee confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent 
Reorganisation); or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
(G) 
if the Issuer fails to pay a final judgment (sentenza passata in giudicato, in the case of 
a judgment issued by an Italian court) of a court of competent jurisdiction within 60 
days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment in excess of an amount equal to 
the value of a substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer has been entered 
against it or an execution is levied, enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any 
substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer pursuant to any such judgment; 
or  
(H) 
if the Issuer shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall stop payment or 
announce that it shall stop payment or shall be found unable to pay all or substantially 
all of its debts, or any order shall be made by any competent court or other competent 
body for, or any resolution shall be passed by the Issuer for judicial composition 
proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the 
Issuer.  
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in 
relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days 
or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do and the failure or inability shall be continuing.  
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether 
by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether 
issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash.  
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
12. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
(A) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(B) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(C) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4 (Specific provisions in relation to 
payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes). Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor agent.  
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, 
www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the 
Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice has been given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Without prejudice to the above, the Issuer shall give notice in the manner required by the 
Issuer’s bylaws and the law and regulations applicable from time to time.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.  
15. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 15 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 
December published after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies the Step Up Event being an Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event, the Issuer will publish on its website and in accordance with applicable laws 
(i) its Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, as indicated in Terna Group's consolidated 
disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) or equivalent document prepared pursuant 
to applicable legislation, and subsequent amendments and supplements thereto (which shall 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, Terna Group's GHG Report) (the NFD Report) and (ii) an 
independent auditor’s report on the consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in 
accordance with Article 3, par. 10, of Legislative Decree 254/2016 and with Article 5 of 
CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution n. 20267 of January 18, 2018 (the Limited 
Assurance Report).  Each Limited Assurance Report and NFD Report will be published 
concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor's reports on the annual financial 
reports and will have the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor's report; 
provided that to the extent the Issuer reasonably determines that additional time is required to 
complete any Limited Assurance Report and the NFD Report, then the relevant Limited 
Assurance Report and the NFD Report may be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but 
in no event later than 60 days, subsequent to the date of publication of the independent auditor's 
report. 
Furthermore, on or before the relevant Step Up Event Notification Date following an Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date, the Issuer will publish on its website an 
assurance report issued by the External Verifier in respect of its Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions at the relevant Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date (the 
External Verifier Assurance Report).  The External Verifier Assurance Report will be 
published as soon as reasonably practicable following each Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Reference Date but in no event later than the Step Up Event Notification Date.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended) for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including any modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of the Trust 
Deed. According to the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy: (a) if 
Italian law and the Issuer's by-laws provide for multiple calls, such meetings will be validly 
held if: (i) in the case of a first meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding not less than one-half in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding; (ii) in case of an adjourned meeting, there are one or more persons 
present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding; and (iii) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the Issuer's by-laws 
may in each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the 
Republic of Italy) provide for a higher quorum; and (b) if Italian law and the Issuer's by-laws 
provide for a single call, the quorum under (iii) above shall apply, provided that a higher 
majority may be required by the Issuer's bylaws. The majority to pass a resolution at any 
meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) will be not less than two-thirds of 
the nominal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting; provided however that (A) in order 
to adopt certain proposals, as set out in article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code the favourable 
vote of the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less than one half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting pursuant to 
paragraph 3 of article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code shall also be required and (B) if the Issuer's 
by-laws in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher 
majorities, such higher majorities shall prevail. Resolutions passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders.  
16.2 
Noteholders’ Representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders’ 
Representative) (who might, subject to the mandatory provisions of Italian law, also be the 
same legal entity as the Trustee) may be appointed pursuant to article 2417 of the Italian Civil 
Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect 
to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not 
appointed by a meeting of Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by 
a decree of the Court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative 
shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again 
thereafter. 
16.3 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders or 
Receiptholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the 
Notes, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, provided

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders, or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an 
error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments) without the consent of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
16.4 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class  
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed.  
16.5 
Notification to the Noteholders  
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders and, unless the Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations 
and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any 
such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit 
made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes.  
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this note under the contracts 
(rights of third parties) act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver) and Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy.  
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction  
(A) 
The English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts.  
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in 
relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited ceasing so to act or being unable or unwilling for any reason to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.  
20.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be allocated by the Issuer, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(i) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(ii) 
to refinancing and/or financing, in whole or in part, of existing and/or future Eligible Green 
Projects which meet the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Use for Eligible Green Projects 
Eligible Green Projects means projects with a positive impact in terms of environmental sustainability, 
in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria. 
Eligibility Criteria means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as per its Green Bond Framework. A 
second party consultant appointed by the Issuer has reviewed the Green Bond Framework and has issued 
a Second Party Opinion. 
The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s 
website (www.terna.it). None of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the Base 
Prospectus. 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds issued will be credited to the Treasury liquidity portfolio of the 
Issuer. The Issuer will track the net proceeds via its internal accounting system and will monitor the 
allocation to prevent any double counting in the allocation of proceeds. Pending the allocation to the 
Eligible Green Projects, unallocated proceeds will temporally be invested in accordance with the 
Issuer’s investment guidelines in treasury investment portfolio (cash and cash equivalents, tradable 
government bonds or other cash investments instruments, etc). An external auditor appointed by the 
Issuer will verify, on an annual basis, the allocation of proceeds to the Eligible Green Projects and the 
remaining balance of unallocated proceeds, until full allocation of the funds occurs. 
The Issuer is expected to issue a report annually until full allocation occurs, and as necessary thereafter 
in the event of material developments on: (i) allocated amounts by Eligible Green Projects, including a 
brief description of the largest and most representative projects from each category; (ii) main technical 
data referring to the single project, when available (e.g. peak power of wind or solar plants connected); 
(iii) division of the allocation between refinancing and new projects; and (iv) the outstanding amount 
of net proceeds yet to be allocated to projects at the end of the reporting period. Where feasible, the 
Issuer will also report project impacts and environmental benefits linked to the single Eligible Green 
Project or aggregated by the categories of eligibility. The report will be made available on the Issuer's 
website (www.terna.it). The report will be reviewed by an external auditor. 
If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 OVERVIEW 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale Società per Azioni (hereinafter referred to as Terna or the Issuer) 
is the Italian electricity transmission company responsible for planning, development and maintenance 
of the grid, contributing its expertise, technology and innovation (as the Transmission Operator). In 
addition, Terna is responsible for the transmission and dispatching of electricity (as the System 
Operator), with the aim of ensuring access to electricity for everyone with the highest level of quality 
and at the lowest possible cost. 
Terna was incorporated as a joint-stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 31 May 
1999, and, pursuant to its By-laws, its term ends on 31 December 2100 unless such term is extended by 
a resolution of the Shareholders’ General Meeting. Terna operates in accordance with the Italian civil 
code and other laws of Italy applicable to it. Terna’s registered address is Viale Egidio Galbani 70, 
00156 Rome, Italy, telephone number +39 06 8313 8111 and it is registered with the Register of 
Enterprises of Rome under number 05779661007. Terna’s website is www.terna.it. 
As at 31 December 2020, Terna’s share capital of Euro 442,198,240 consisted of 2,009,992,000 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of Euro 0.22 each unchanged at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Terna’s shares are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana)).  
As of 31 March 2021, on the basis of (i) the shareholders’ book, (ii) the communications received 
pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended and (iii) available 
information, Terna’s share capital is divided as follows:  CDP RETI (a joint-stock company controlled 
by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. - hereinafter referred to as CDP – which is, in turn, owned 82.77 per 
cent. by the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Italian Republic) owns 29.851 per cent. of the 
share capital, Lazard Asset Management Llc owns 5.122 per cent. of the share capital (as discretional 
asset management), Norges Bank owns 1.643 per cent. of the share capital, Inarcassa owns 1.110 per 
cent. of the share capital, Banca d’Italia owns 1.017 per cent. of the share capital and the remaining 
shares are held by institutional and retail investors.  
The Terna Group’s main business comprises grid operation and dispatching, infrastructure 
maintenance, grid development planning and carrying out of development projects of its portion of 
Italy’s National Transmission Grid (hereinafter referred to as the Terna Group’s Grid) as well as 
management of transmission and dispatching of electricity over the entire National Transmission Grid 
which Terna and Rete S.r.l. report in their financial statements as revenues from Regulated Activities 
in Italy. The Terna Group also carries out other Non-Regulated Activities including services for third 
parties in the Italian market (EPC, O&M, Energy Efficiency, TLC), initiatives abroad (EPC, Technical 
Assistance, BOOT, Concessions), Interconnectors, energy transformer production (Tamini Group (as 
defined below)) and manufacture of terrestrial cables (Brugg Kabel Group (as defined below)). 
Terna is the main owner of the National Transmission Grid. As of 31 December 2020, the Terna Group’s 
Grid consisted of 74,723 kilometres of electricity lines and 889 substations.   
As of 31 December 2020, the Terna Group’s total consolidated revenues amounted to Euro 
2,513.5 million (as of 31 December 2019 these amounted to Euro 2,295.1 million)9 while EBITDA 
(Gross Operating Profit) was Euro 1,830.4 million increasing by 5,1 per cent., as compared to the same 
period of the previous year (Euro 1,741.2 million) (see also section “Alternative Performance Measures 
                                                     
9 The comparative amounts, with particular reference to revenue from construction services performed under concession in 
Italy (included in Regulated Activities in Italy) and from International Activities, directly including the margin earned on 
overseas concessions and overseas contract revenue, have been reclassified in order to improve presentation, without changing 
the comparative result.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
(APMs)” below).  Terna has been consolidating its position in the Italian transmission sector since the 
end of 2005 in connection with the integration of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid pursuant to the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers 11 May 2004 
(hereinafter referred to as the DPCM). In 2005, Terna acquired the transmission and dispatching sector 
of the Italian Independent System Operator (Gestore della Rete di Trasmissione Nazionale S.p.A.), an 
entity wholly-owned and controlled by the Ministry of Economy and Finance (hereinafter referred to 
as the Italian ISO). Please see also section “History and Developements” below. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT   
Terna’s principal activities are rooted in Italy’s history: Law No. 1643 of 1962 paves the way for 
nationalisation of the electricity industry, handing ENEL responsibility for all stages of the electricity 
supply chain, previously in private hands. The monopoly operator is able to complete electrification of 
the Italian Peninsula, but the driving force behind the changes that have led to the current operating 
environment is the process of deregulation promoted by the European Union aimed at making grid 
management independent. In implementation of Decree 79 of 16 March 1999, focused on separation of 
ownership the National Transmission Grid from management of the grid itself (involving transmission 
and dispatching) along the lines of the so-called “Independent System Operator” model, two new 
companies are established: Terna, owner of the Italian transmission grid, and GRTN (the national 
transmission grid operator). 
In 1999, Enel established Terna as a wholly-owned subsidiary and subsequently transferred all of its 
electricity transmission systems and other assets that formed the Terna Group’s grid (as it then existed) 
to Terna. The management and the operation of the National Transmission Grid were entrusted to the 
Italian ISO (as defined in section “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” below) pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 16 March 1999 No. 79 (hereinafter referred to as the Bersani Decree). 
The Bersani Decree, which required the separation of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid, was reversed by Law Decree 29 August 2003 No. 239 (hereinafter referred to as 
Decree 239/2003), as converted with amendments into law by Law 27 October 2003 No. 290 
(hereinafter referred to as Law 290/2003) and the implementing measures of the DPCM (as defined in 
section “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” below). Law 290/2003 and the DPCM require the 
integration of the ownership and management of the National Transmission Grid and place certain 
restrictions on the ownership of the entity resulting from the integration as well as on the voting rights 
of the shareholders of the resulting entity. The current regulatory structure of the electricity sector is 
determined also by Legislative Decree 93/2011 implementing EU Directive 2009/72/EC concerning 
common rules on the internal market in electricity (see also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” 
below). 
On 23 June 2004, Enel launched an initial public offering of Terna’s ordinary shares to retail investors 
in Italy and a private placement with certain institutional investors in accordance with Rule 144A and 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. After the initial public 
offering, Enel’s stake of Terna’s share capital was reduced to 50 per cent. Pursuant to Law 290/2003 
and the DPCM, which provides for the integration of the ownership and management of the National 
Transmission Grid and imposes certain restrictions on control of the resulting entity, Enel was required 
to reduce its shareholding in Terna to 20 per cent. or less by 1 July 2007 (see also “Legislative and 
Regulatory Framework”below). On 31 March 2005, Enel completed the sale of 13.86 per cent. of the 
share capital of Terna through an accelerated book-building process. In addition, on 15 September 2005, 
CDP acquired its 29.99 per cent. controlling stake in Terna from Enel. On 2 February 2012, Enel 
completed the sale of its remaining 5.1 per cent. of the share capital of Terna through an accelerated 
book-building procedure and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Enel no longer holds any stake in 
the share capital of Terna.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
In 2009, Terna acquired 18,600 km of high voltage lines from Enel, thereby becoming the leading 
independent grid operator in Europe and the seventh largest in the world. Terna now owns 98.6 per 
cent. of Italy’s national grid. In the same year, Terna sold 66 per cent. of the Brazilian subsidiary, Terna 
Participações, to Cemig, recording a gain of over €400 million, some of which is invested in 
development of the Italian electricity network and some is returned cash to shareholders. 
In 2011, Terna developed infrastructure of international excellence. The SA.PE.I. line (Sardinia to the 
mainland) starts operating, as does the Chignolo Po-Maleo line in Lombardy. Work begins on the 
Sorgente-Rizziconi line (linking Sicily and Calabria). Two new operating companies were established 
in 2012: Terna Rete Italia S.p.A. (TRI S.p.A.), responsible for Regulated Activities, and Terna Plus 
S.r.l. (Terna Plus), with responsibility for expanding the Non-Regulated services. 
On 27 October 2014, CDP announced that its entire interest in Terna, composed of 599,999,999 shares, 
equal to 29.851 per cent. of the share capital, was transferred to CDP RETI. As a result of this transfer, 
CDP RETI currently controls 29.851 per cent. of Terna (see also section “Share capital of Terna, major 
shareholders and related party transactions”). 
In the context of the reorganisation of the Terna Group, from 1 April 2012, Terna became the parent 
company of the group providing guidelines and coordinating activities of the operating companies of 
the Terna Group such as TRI S.p.A., being the operating company in charge of the core business 
activities of the Terna Group, and Terna Plus, being the operating company in charge of carrying out 
projects which are not core business activities of the Terna Group. 
On 20 May 2014, the Terna Group signed the closing for the acquisition, originally by Terna Plus, of 
the entire capital of Tamini Trasformatori S.r.l. (Tamini) and of its subsidiaries. Tamini is a group of 
companies that produces and sells electrical transformers for industrial applications (e.g. steel and 
aluminium production plants) as well as for the electrical utilities (power transformers, mainly targeted 
to transmission and distribution networks) in Italy and in other international markets. Tamini owns four 
production facilities in Italy and sells its products either directly to the end customer or through 
Engineering and Construction (EPC) companies. Tamini is also present in the USA through a wholly 
owned subsidiary. On 30 October 2015, under the scope of Non-Regulated Activities, Terna finalised 
the business combination process between Tamini, a subsidiary of Terna Plus, and TES (which owns a 
company originally called TES Asia as defined below, an Indian company, considering that one share 
is held by Antonio Fasano on behalf of TES as a "nominee" under the Indian legislation about “one 
person companies”). The operation, announced to the market on 16 September 2015, has been carried 
out through an increase in Tamini’s share capital of around Euro 26.4 million, reserved for Holdco TES 
S.r.l. (Holdco TES) (controlled by the Xenon Private Equity V fund, Riccardo Reboldi and Giorgio 
Gussago) and the consequent transfer of all TES shares to Tamini. Following the agreement, Terna Plus 
held 70 per cent. of the share capital of Tamini while Holdco TES held the remaining 30 per cent. In 
fact, after the demerger of Terna Plus, the ownership of Tamini is held by Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l. 
(Terna Energy Solutions) (as better explained below). 
In 2015, Terna acquired the Ferrovie dello Stato group’s high voltage grid for €757 million, 
consolidating its leadership in Europe with approximately 72,600 km of grid managed. In 2016, Terna 
focuses on strategic power lines. The Villanova-Gissi and Sorgente-Rizziconi lines enter service. The 
latter is a record-breaking power line, connecting Sicily and Calabria and the Italian Peninsula with the 
rest of Europe via the country’s high voltage electricity system.  
In 2018, in line with the guidance provided by the United Nations (COP21), EU guidelines and the 
objectives set out in the National Energy Strategy (Strategia Energetica Nazionale or SEN), Terna has 
stepped up the pace of investment, focusing on development of the national transmission grid in order 
to facilitate the integration of renewable sources and improve the system’s security. At the same time, 
it intends to renew the Group’s asset base in order to mitigate the risk of interruptions to supply, boost 
environmental sustainability, and improve the performance of maintenance activities through the use of

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
digital grid technologies, all to the benefit of the quality of the electricity service. On 19 November 
2020, the “Driving Energy” Industrial Plan for the period 2021-2025 was presented by the CEO and 
General Manager, Stefano Antonio Donnarumma. 
In order to optimise and integrate dispatching with long-term planning activities, on the one hand, and 
to maximise the operational efficiency of design, implementation, operations and maintenance, on the 
other hand, Terna has adopted an organisational structure with two key areas. Both areas report directly 
to the Chief Executive Officer, one being the System Operator, embodied in the “Grid Development 
Strategies & Dispatching” division, the other being the Transmission Operator of the National 
Transmission Grid. 
In August 2018, the partial demerger of Terna Plus and the transfer of the demerged assets to a newly 
established company, named Terna Energy Solutions, came into effect. The latter’s business is focused 
on Non-Regulated Activities and energy solutions activities. Terna Plus will now be responsible for the 
Group’s development and plant construction activities in South America, and more generally for the 
development of new businesses around the world.   
On 29 February 2020, as part of the growth strategy for Non-Regulated Activities, Terna, acting through 
its subsidiary, Terna Energy Solutions, completed the acquisition of a 90 per cent. interest in Brugg 
Kabel AG (Brugg Kabel), one of Europe’s leading manufacturers of terrestrial cables. Then, in March 
2021 Brugg Kabel split into three different entities in order to better meet the needs of the business. 
Therefore, it remained Brugg Kabel, together with the news companies Brugg Kabel Manufacturing 
AG and Brugg Kabel Services AG.  
A new Board of Directors was elected in May 2020, with Stefano Antonio Donnarumma appointed 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager, the arrival of new managers in key roles and the election 
of Valentina Bosetti as Chairwoman. 
On 22 May 2020, the Company established SEleNe CC S.A. (SEleNe), a joint venture 25 per cent.-
owned by Terna, with the remaining shares held by three other European TSOs. The company will 
operate as a Regional Security Coordinator, in accordance with European Regulation 2017/1485, for 
the TSOs who own shares in it. 
On 11 August 2020, Terna, acting through its subsidiary, Terna Plus, completed the transaction with 
Construtora Quebec that has led to the acquisition of a 51 per cent.interest in the Brazilian-registered 
company, SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde I S.A. On 9 September 2020, a further interest 
was acquired, increasing the Group’s interest to 75 per cent.. In relation to a similar project with the 
aforementioned Construtora Quebec, Terna, acting through its subsidiary, Terna Plus acquired an 
interest in the SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde II S.A, that as of May 2021 was more than 
99%. 
On 20 November 2020, Terna and the joint venture, SEleNe, established ESPERIA-CC S.r.l., a 
subsidiary as a result of its corporate governance structure, despite Terna holding a 1 per cent. interest 
and SEleNe a 99 per cent. interest. The company provides support services for dispatching activities (in 
accordance with European Regulations 2017/1485, 2015/1222 and 2019/943), but is not included 
among companies that carry out regulated activities which are, therefore, regulated by ARERA. 
On 1 December 2020, Terna acquired a 25 per cent. interest in Equigy B.V. (Equigy), a limited liability 
company registered in the Netherlands and jointly controlled by Terna and the other TSOs who hold its 
shares. The investment represents a joint operation under IFRS 11 – Joint Arrangements. The current 
equity interest in Equigy held by Terna is around 20 per cent.. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
Terna is the parent company of the Terna Group. 
The structure of the Terna Group includes, as of 15 May 2021, the following companies: 
SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Terna Rete Italia S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as TRI S.p.A.), 
 
Rete S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete S.r.l.), 
 
Terna Plus S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Plus) which includes the following 
subsidiaries: 
○ 
Terna Chile S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Chile), 
○ 
SPE Santa Maria Transmissora de Energia S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Santa 
Maria), 
○ 
SPE Santa Lucia Transmissora de Energia S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Santa 
Lucia), 
○ 
SPE Transmissora de energia Linha Verde I S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Linha 
Verde I), 
○ 
SPE Transmissora de energia Linha Verde II S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Linha 
Verde II), 
○ 
Terna Peru S.A.C. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Peru), 
○ 
Terna 4 Chacas S.A.C. (hereinafter referred to as Terna 4 Chacas), 
 
Terna Energy Solutions S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Energy Solutions) which 
includes the following subsidiaries: 
○ 
Rete Verde 17 S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete Verde 17), 
○ 
Rete Verde 18 S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete Verde 18), 
○ 
Rete Verde 19 S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete Verde 19), 
○ 
Rete Verde 20 S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Rete Verde 20), 
○ 
Avvenia the Energy Innovator S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as ATEI), 
○ 
Tamini Trasformatori S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Tamini) which includes the 
following subsidiaries: 
■ 
Tamini Transformers USA L.L.C. (hereinafter referred to as Tamini 
Transformers USA), 
■ 
Tamini Trasformatori India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as TES 
Asia, together with Tamini and Tamini Transformers USA hereinafter referred 
to as Tamini Group),

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
■ 
Consorzio Tamini – CERB (hereinafter referred to as Consorzio Tamini), 
○ 
Brugg Kabel Services AG which includes the following subsidiaries:  
■ 
Brugg Kabel Manufacturing AG which includes the following subsidiary:   
■ 
Brugg Cables Italia S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Brugg Italy) 
■ 
Brugg Kabel AG (hereinafter referred to as Brugg Kabel) which includes the 
following subsidiaries: 
■ 
Brugg Cables Middle East DMCC (hereinafter referred to as 
Brugg Middle East), 
■ 
Brugg Kabel GmbH (hereinafter referred to as Brugg 
Germany), 
■ 
Brugg Cables (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as 
Brugg Shanghai), 
■ 
Brugg Cables (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Brugg 
Suzhou), 
■ 
Brugg Cables (India) Pvt., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Brugg India, 
together with Brugg Kabel Services AG, Brugg Kabel Manufacturing AG, 
Brugg Kabel, Brugg Middle-East, Brugg Germany, Brugg Italy, Brugg 
Shanghai and Brugg Suzhou hereinafter referred to as Brugg Kabel 
Group), 
 
Terna Interconnector S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Interconnector) which includes 
the following subsidiary:  
○ 
PI.SA. 2 S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Pi.Sa. 2), 
 
Resia Interconnector S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Resia), 
 
Terna Crna Gora d.o.o. (hereinafter referred to as Terna Crna Gora), 
 
Difebal S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Difebal), 
 
ESPERIA-CC S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as ESPERIA-CC). 
JOINT CONTROLLED   
 
ELMED Etudes S.a.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as Elmed), 
 
SEleNe CC S.A., 
 
Equigy B.V. 
AFFILIATES   
 
CESI S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as CESI),

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
Crnogorski Elektroprenosni Sistem AD (hereinafter referred to as CGES), 
 
CORESO S.A. (hereinafter referred to as CORESO). 
 
ISSUER’S BUSINESS   
The Terna Group’s identified operating segments are described below: 
 
Regulated; 
 
Non-Regulated; and 
 
International. 
The Regulated segment includes the development, operation and maintenance of the National 
Transmission Grid, in addition to dispatching and metering, and the activities involved in the 
construction of storage systems. These activities have been included in one operating segment, as they 
are all regulated by ARERA and have similar characteristics, in terms of the remuneration model and 
the method for setting the related tariffs. 
The Non-Regulated segment includes activities and specific business initiatives for third parties, above 
all relating to the provision of services in the areas of Energy Solutions, consisting of EPC (Engineering, 
Procurement and Construction) services, operation and maintenance of infrastructure and plants, and 
the supply of energy efficiency services, broadly attributable to the subsidiary ATEI. 
This segment also includes Connectivity (support and housing services for fibre networks and IRU 
contracts for fibre). Finally, this segment also includes the activities carried out in relation to the private 
interconnectors launched by Law 99/2009, legislation that assigned Terna responsibility for selecting 
undertakings (the selected undertakings), on the basis of public tenders, willing to finance specific 
interconnectors in exchange for the benefits resulting from a decree granting a third-party access 
exemption with regard to the transmission capacity provided by the new infrastructure. The Non-
Regulated segment also includes the operations of the Tamini Group, relating essentially to the 
construction and commercialisation of electrical equipment, above all power transformers and the 
Brugg Group, which operates in the terrestrial cable sector, specialising in the design, development, 
construction, installation and maintenance of electrical cables of all voltages and accessories for high-
voltage cables. This latter company was acquired in February 2020. 
The International segment includes the results deriving from opportunities for international expansion, 
which the Group aims to exploit by leveraging its core competencies developed in Italy as a TSO, where 
such competencies are of significant importance in its home country. Overseas investment focuses on 
countries with stable political and regulatory regimes and a need to develop their electricity 
infrastructure. This segment includes the results of the subsidiary, Terna Plus, and of  the two Brazilian 
companies, Santa Lucia and Santa Maria, Linha Verde I, acquired in August 2020 and Linha Verde II, 
acquired in November 2019, the Peruvian companies, Terna Peru and Terna 4 Chacas, established in 
August 2019, the Uruguayan company Difebal, and the Chilean company Terna Chile. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (APMs)   
In accordance with the ESMA/2015/1415 guidelines, Terna Group uses Alternative Performance 
Measures which management considers useful in assessing the performance of the Group, and 
representative of the business’s operating results and financial position.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit) 
EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit/(loss)) is an indicator of operating performance obtained by adding 
“Amortisation, depreciation and impairment losses” to Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT). 
EBIT (Operating profit/(loss)) is an indicator of operating performance obtained by adding Net financial 
income/(expenses) to Profit/(Loss) before tax. 
The following table sets forth the calculation of EBITDA (Gross Operating Profit) for the years ended 
on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and for the quarters ended on 31 March 2021 and 31 
March 2020, respectively: 
 
 
Data in million euros 
2020 
2019 
Q1 
2021 
Q1 2020 
per cent. 
Change 
(years 
2019-2020) 
per cent. 
Change (Q1 
2020-2021) 
EBITDA (Gross 
Operating Profit) 
 1,830.4   1,741.2  453.6 
434.2 
5.1 per 
cent. 
4.5 per cent. 
Amortisation, depreciation 
and impairment losses 
 643.8  
 586.1  
162.8 
152.2 
9.8 per 
cent. 
7.0 per cent. 
EBIT (Operating Profit)  1,186.6   1,155.1  290.8 
282.0 
2.7 per 
cent. 
3.1 per cent. 
Net financial expenses 
 (93.5)  
 (77.7)  
(21.8) 
(19.3) 
20.3 per 
cent. 
13.0 per 
cent. 
Income tax expenses 
 297.8  
 313.5  
78.3 
76.4 
-5.0 per 
cent. 
2.5 per cent. 
Profit for the period 
 795.3  
 763.9  
190.7 
186.3 
4.1 per 
cent. 
2.4 per cent. 
Profit/(Loss) attributable 
to non-controlling 
interests 
 9.8  
 6.6  
0.3 
(0.3) 
48.5 per 
cent. 
-200.0 per 
cent. 
Profit for the period 
attributable to owners of 
the parent 
 785.5  
 757.3  
190.4 
186.6 
3.7 per 
cent. 
2.0 per cent. 
 
Regulated Activities       
The Terna Group’s main Regulated Activities are the transmission and dispatching of electricity in 
Italy. Terna performs these activities in its role as the Italian TSO (Transmission System Operator) and 
ISO (Independent System Operator), under a monopoly arrangement and a government concession.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
Electricity Transmission   
Terna’s main activities in the context of the electricity transmission includes planning for development 
of the National Transmission Grid, the performance of construction services and the maintenance of 
electricity infrastructure are the three areas of responsibility included in the regulated electricity 
transmission business. 
In respect of the planning process of the national electricity grid, the analysis of the state of the grid 
enables Terna to identify critical issues and development opportunities and, consequently, to plan the 
new works required to ensure that the system is adequate, including in the medium to long term with 
regard to meeting demand, operational safety, reducing congestion and improving service quality and 
continuity. 
The new works to be carried out are included in the National Transmission Grid Development Plan 
(NTG Development Plan), which sets out the grid development initiatives envisaged over the next ten 
years, as well as the state of progress of the development works planned in previous years. The NTG 
Development Plan is submitted annually to the Ministry of Economic Development for approval. Law 
Decree no. 76 of 16 July 2020 (article 60, paragraph 3) requires Terna to prepare the National 
Transmission Grid Development Plan every two years instead of annually. The approval process also 
includes adoption by the Ministry of the Environment and Protection of Land and Sea (MATTM) in 
agreement with the Ministry of Cultural Heritage (MIBAC) of the opinion relating to the Strategic 
Environmental Assessment (SEA) pursuant to Legislative Decree 152/06. 
In addition, the NTG Development Plan contains all the investments that Terna is committed to carrying 
out in order to guarantee the efficiency of the grid, the security of supply and of the service and the 
integration of production from renewable sources in keeping with the objectives identified in the recent 
Proposal for an Integrated National Plan for Energy and Climate (PNIEC), provided for by Regulation 
2016/0375 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Governance of the Energy Union.  
All investment in development of the grid is subject to a prior cost-benefit analysis, comparing the 
related expenditure with the resulting benefits, expressed in monetary terms, resulting from its 
implementation.  
Infrastructure Maintenance   
Maintenance of electricity grid infrastructure is essential in order to guarantee quality of service, 
security of the assets managed and extension of their useful lives. These operations are carried out by 
Terna on the basis of a predictive and conditional approach. The tools used to support maintenance 
activities are subject to continuous innovation. In particular, the maintenance engineering “engine” is 
the expert decision support system (DSS) called MBI (Monitoring and Business Intelligence) whose 
engineering models are continuously updated. For scheduling and execution of operations (WFM – 
Work Force Management) software is used, and aerial inspection techniques for the electricity grid have 
now been consolidated. Terna has, for many years, participated in international benchmarking for the 
sector, with the aim of sharing best maintenance practices. It has consistently ranked as one of the best 
TSOs in terms of fault rates and the efficiency of its maintenance process. 
The maintenance activities include all the actions performed on the National Transmission Grid and its 
components in order to preserve or to restore their effective and proper operation without making 
changes to their technical or functional characteristics (known as “routine maintenance”) or to renew 
or to extend the useful life of any component by making changes to its technical (but not functional) 
characteristics (known as “extraordinary maintenance”).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
Dispatching of electricity   
“Dispatching” is the set of activities necessary to ensure that there is a balance between supply and 
demand in the country’s electricity system. The high degree of complexity and coordination necessary 
to guarantee the correct operation of the system require the presence of a central coordinator, the 
provider of the dispatching service. This coordinator has control over a high number of both supply-
side and demand-side players, and in the last few years also over production from non-programmable 
renewable sources. Dispatching includes planning for the unavailability of the grid and of production 
plants over different timeframes, forecasting national demand for electricity, comparing demand for 
consistency with planned production in the free energy market (the Power Exchange and over-the-
counter contracts), the acquisition of resources for dispatching and monitoring power transfers for all 
the power lines that make up the grid. 
This area of operation also includes management of the Dispatching Services Market (DSM), through 
which the resources for dispatching services are procured. In particular, “real-time” control of the 
National Electricity System is ensured by the National Control Centre, the nerve centre for Italy’s 
National Electricity System, which coordinates the other centres around the country, monitors the 
system and dispatches electricity. The Centre intervenes, by issuing instructions to producers and 
Remote Centres, in order to modify supply and capacity on the grid. To avoid the risk of prolonged 
power outages, it may also intervene in an emergency to reduce demand. 
 
 
 
 
 
Starting from 23 September 2019, the historical series of national accounts, based on the European 
System of Accounts (ESA 2010), have been revised in coordination with Eurostat and with most of the 
EU countries. For this reason, the historical GDP series has been updated. 
 
Terna Group’s Grid 
A general overview of the number of NTG owned by the Terna Group is reported in the table below: 
 
DETAILS OF ELECTRICAL SUBSTATIONS OWNED BY THE TERNA GROUP (20) 
 
0,4%
0,0%
-6,0%
3,3%
1,3%
-2,1%
-3,2%
-2,1%
2,1%
-0,6%
2,1%
0,5%
-0,5%
1,5%
-1,0%
-5,3%
1,7%
0,7%
-3,0%
-1,8%
0,0%
0,8%
1,3%
1,7%
0,8%
0,3%
-7,0%
-5,0%
-3,0%
-1,0%
1,0%
3,0%
5,0%
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
Trend of consumptions
GDP growth rate
Data Source: TERNA for Italian Power Consumptions; ISTAT for Italian GDP (chain-type prices)

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
  
  
Unit of 
measurement 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
∆ 
∆% 
380 kV 
 
Substations 
No. 
166 
165 
+ 1 + 0.61 
Power transformed 
  MVA 
119,458 
117,504 + 1,954 + 1.66 
220 kV 
 
Substations 
No. 
146 
149 
(3) (2.01) 
Power transformed 
  MVA 
32,397 
31,996 
+ 401 + 1.25 
Lower voltages (≤150kV) 
 
Substations 
No. 
577 
574 
+ 3 + 0.52 
Transformed power 
  MVA 
3,972 
3,884 
+ 88 + 2.27 
Total 
 
Substations 
No. 
889 
888 
+ 1 + 0.11 
Transformed power 
  MVA 
155,827 
153,384 + 2,443 + 1.59 
 
 
DETAILS OF POWER LINES OWNED BY THE TERNA GROUP (21) 
 
 
  
  
Unit of 
measurement 31/12/2020 31/12/2019 
∆ 
∆% 
380 kV 
 
Circuit length 
km 
12,867 
12,854 
+ 13 + 0.10 
Line length 
  
km 
11,686 
11,673 
+ 13 + 0.11 
220 kV 
 
Circuit length 
km 
11,847 
11,854 
+ 1 + 0.01 
Line length 
  
km 
9,477 
9,473 
+ 5 + 0.05 
Lower voltages (≤150kV) 
 
Circuit length 
km 
50,009 
49,969 
+ 40 + 0.08 
Line length 
  
km 
46,790 
46,761 
+ 29 + 0.06 
Total 
 
Circuit length 
km 
74,723 
74,669 
+ 55 + 0.07 
Aerial 
km 
70,780 
70,815 
(35) 
(0.05) 
Underground cable 
km 
2,181 
2,092 
+ 89 + 4.28 
Undersea cable 
  
km 
1,762 
1,762 
0 
0 
Line Length 
km 
67,954 
67,907 
+ 47 + 0.07 
Aerial 
km 
64,010 
64,053 
(43) (0.07) 
Underground cable 
km 
2,181 
2,092 
+ 89 + 4.28 
Undersea cable 
  
km 
1,762 
1,762 
0 
0 
Proportion of DC connections (200-380-500kV) 
Circuits 
  
km 
2,435 
2,435 
  
  
 % of total 
% 
3.26 
3.26 
  
  
Lines 
  
km 
2,115 
2,115

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
 % of total 
% 
3.11 
3.11 
  
  
 
Operation and development of the National Transmission Grid 
Operation 
The operation of the National Transmission Grid is carried out by TRI S.p.A. through the National 
Control Centre and the local dispatching centres. 
(a) 
Plant management and control 
TRI S.p.A determines the configurations and the sequences for the switches, known as “breaker 
switches”, that connect the various components of the National Transmission Grid. TRI S.p.A 
is required to take all necessary actions to implement and maintain the configurations and 
sequences as applicable to the Terna Group’s Grid. TRI S.p.A. also determines the 
configurations and sequences for the switches for other National Transmission Grid owners.  
Furthermore, TRI S.p.A. defines the unavailability plans for the Terna Group’s Grid and 
coordinates the unavailability plans of the producers and other users of the National 
Transmission Grid with its own plans and with the ones of the other owners of the National 
Transmission Grid in accordance with criteria of security, reliability and efficiency as well as 
the maintenance of security, continuity of supply of electrical energy and cost control. 
(b) 
Response operations 
TRI S.p.A. is required to promptly respond to all hazardous conditions that arise from any 
failure or malfunction of any part of the Terna Group’s Grid and, if possible, rectify such failure 
or malfunction. 
(c) 
Temporary placement out of service for maintenance 
If a part of the Terna Group’s Grid is required to be temporarily taken out of service for 
maintenance or other projects, TRI S.p.A.’s specialist personnel (i) implements certain 
procedures to create safe conditions for maintenance or other projects to be conducted and (ii) 
implements procedures for resumption of service. 
TRI S.p.A. has currently three local integrated centres, named CCT, in Turin, Scorzè (Venice) 
and Naples for dispatching and operation activities. 
Development  
Terna and TRI S.p.A. also engage in development activities related to the expansion and the upgrade of 
the National Transmission Grid. Development activities for the National Transmission Grid include: 
 
identification of network developments aimed at the resolution of the current criticalities of the 
National Transmission Grid as well as possible problems envisaged in future scenarios of load 
demand, generation and interconnection with other countries; 
 
identification of network developments that offer benefits for the electrical system allowing 
greater use of more competitive generation plants limited in production for network 
bottlenecks;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
identification of network developments that allow renewable source integration in to the 
decarbonisation scenario in accordance with National and European energy policy target; 
 
costs/benefits analysis in order to quantify the benefits of network developments on the 
National Transmission Grid and to prioritize those that lead to greater benefits; 
 
increasing the transmission capacity of the interconnections with foreign countries; 
 
increasing operating flexibility and resilience of grid; 
 
preventive environmental assessments so as to ensure that network developments are consistent 
with the maximum respect for the environment. 
The development activities for the National Transmission Grid concern mainly the planning, the design 
and the construction of projects. They are included in the National Transmission Development Plan, 
prepared every two years (Law Decree no. 76 of 16 July 2020 article 60, paragraph 3) in compliance 
with the Concession governed by the relevant Convention issued by Ministerial Decree on 15 December 
2010 (hereinafter referred to as the Concession; see also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” 
below) and the Legislative Decree 93/2011. 
Terna is particularly conscientious about National and European energy policy objectives, in particular 
about the integration of renewable energy sources, the integration of the electricity market and the 
security of supply guaranteeing sustainable grid development; these goals represent the four main 
drivers of the TDP: decarbonisation, market efficiency, safety of supply and sustainability. 
Terna is also part of ENTSO-E, the European Network of Transmission System Operators composed 
of 42 European Transmission System Operators from 35 countries. ENTSO-E has been given legal 
mandates by the EU’s Third Legislative Package for the Internal Energy Market in 2009 and updated 
with Clean Energy Package provisions in 2019 aimed at further liberalizing the gas and electricity 
markets in the EU. The main objectives of ENTSO-E are to set up the internal energy market and to 
ensure its optimal functioning, to promote reliable operation as well as optimal management and 
development of the European electricity transmission network. Part of these objectives are achieved by 
ENTSO-E through the non-binding European Ten-Years Network Development Plan (hereinafter 
referred to as TYNDP), which is the most comprehensive and up-to-date European-wide reference for 
the transmission network. TYNDP points to significant investments in the European power grid in order 
to help achieve the European energy policy goals. The TYNDP includes European investments in 
transmission infrastructures and monitors developments in the capacity of transmission networks to 
promptly identify possible gaps, particularly with regard to cross border capacities. ENTSO-E’s 
activities focus on four courses of action (security of supply, functioning of the energy market, 
promotion of energy saving, and promotion of the interconnection of energy networks), which generate 
new tasks for ENTSO-E (implementation of the Regional Coordination Centres - RCC, enhanced 
cooperation with distribution system operators, digitisation of networks and development of demand 
response). These activities will be developed in line with the new climate policies previously set out by 
the European Commission with the launch of the so-called European Green Deal, a roadmap that seeks 
to make the EU the first climate-neutral continent by 2050. 
Major investments planned by Terna in the short-medium term and long term are included in the 
TYNDP. Furthermore, the above-mentioned development plan recognizes the central and strategic 
position of Italy in the Mediterranean basin in particular with reference to the integration of European 
electric systems of the Balkans and the North African shore. Last ENTSO-E TYNDP, TYNDP 2020, 
was published on 15 February 2021.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
Terna is also a member of Med-TSO: the association that brings together the TSOs from 19 
Mediterranean countries, with the aim of promoting the standardisation of development plans and the 
coordinated management of grids. Terna hosts the association’s registered office and operational 
headquarters in Rome and appoints its Secretary General. 
 
Terna is a member of GO15, the association gathering the 17 largest system operators of the world, 
holding its Vice Presidency for 2021 and Presidency for 2022. The association’s aim is to cooperate 
and share best practices in the electricity transmission field this is done by putting together the different 
experiences of system operators managing complex energy systems and covering the entire globe. 
Engineering, construction, operation and maintenance  
The gradual liberalisation of laws and regulations regarding the production and sale of electricity in 
Italy has led to greater demand from independent power producers for services relating to the 
engineering, construction, operation and maintenance of high voltage and very high voltage networks 
and systems for connection to the National Transmission Grid. 
With reference to activities designed to increase the connection capacity of the National Transmission 
Grid with the electricity systems of neighbouring countries, the so-called “merchant lines”, the Decree 
of the Ministry of Productive Activities of October 2005 clarifies that concession owners may not 
participate in merchant lines, in compliance with EU Regulation 1228/2003. Terna will evaluate the 
possibility of contributing to certain merchant line initiatives as a general contractor.  
A further step towards defining opportunities within the sphere of non-traditional activities in Italy was 
the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (hereinafter referred to as the MoU) on 16 December 
2013 with several trade federations, in the presence of the Minister for Economic Development and of 
Confindustria. The MoU regards the construction and management of interconnection infrastructure 
with foreign countries (Interconnections or Interconnector) pursuant to article 32 of Italian Law 99/2009 
and aimed at providing a basis for negotiation for future agreements with the parties winning the tender 
procedures held by Terna in 2009 and 2010. For more details about the development of the Private 
Interconnectors see the section below. 
As part of the ongoing activities linked to development of the electricity interconnector project between 
Italy and Tunisia (the Elmed project), on 22 October 2019, Terna and STEG, Tunisia’s state-owned 
electrical utility, signed a memorandum of cooperation and a partnership agreement with a view to 
developing reciprocal exchanges and collaborating on areas of interest in relation to electricity 
infrastructure, such as for example live-line working, HV lines and stations and operation of the 
electricity system. 
Via Elmed, work continued on development of the electricity interconnector project between Italy and 
Tunisia. In execution of two financing agreements granted by the World Bank to the Republic of Tunisia 
regarding the project to provide technical assistance for the Tunisia - Italy electricity interconnector, in 
January 2019 Elmed signed two subsidiary agreements with the Republic of Tunisia, appointing it as 
the implementing agency for the project components relating to preparatory studies and project 
management. On 30 April 2019, the Italian Minister for Economic Development and the Tunisian 
Minister for Industry signed an “Intergovernmental agreement regarding the development of electricity 
transmission infrastructure to maximise electricity exchanges between Europe and North Africa”, in 
which the activities entrusted to Elmed are also covered. On 27 May 2020, Terna and STEG applied to 
the EU’s Connecting Europe Facility (CEF) for funding for the Tunisia - Italy electricity interconnector. 
The CEF was set up to enable the delivery of projects of common interest. 
The Terna Group’s operations and maintenance services are, for the most part, provided to industrial 
companies or other power companies that own high voltage and very high voltage transmission 
networks and systems. As of 31 December 2020, not regulated and international revenue amounted

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
totally to Euro 364.6 million, showing an increase of Euro 124.5 million compared to 31 December 
2019. The increase in Non-Regulated revenue, totalling Euro 129.3 million, primarily reflects revenue 
the overall contribution resulting from the integration of Brugg Kabel, partly offset by a decline in 
revenue at Tamini and from services for third parties linked to the COVID-19 health emergency, as 
well as reduced revenue from private interconnector projects pursuant to Law 99/2009, compared with 
the previous year. International revenue is down Euro 4.8 million, essentially reflecting the higher 
penalties applied to suppliers in the previous year in connection with contract work in Brazil and 
Uruguay. 
Non-Regulated Activities  
The Terna Group offers products and services pursuing new business opportunities thanks to the 
experience, technical skills and innovation capabilities acquired through the management of complex 
systems. 
The main areas in which these activities are developed are: 
 
Connectivity (as an Asset Based Business)  
Terna Connectivity business is evolving into a fully integrated model mainly based on dark 
fiber trade. The key drivers of Terna Connectivity strategy can be summarized as follows: 
○ 
Selling “dark fiber” right of use to TLC operators; 
○ 
Increasing the business coming from the pylons that the Group has in Italy, both for the 
digitalization of the country (e.g. hosting antennas for 5G and wireless connectivity) 
and for the advanced monitoring through IoT technology (weather monitoring, fire 
prevention); 
○ 
Evaluating additional TLC opportunities strictly related to assets (basic services related 
to connectivity and distributed lean data center). 
 
Energy Solutions (as a Competence Based Business) 
Energy Solutions provides customers with a wide range of technical solutions aimed at enabling 
them to catch the opportunities arising from the new energy market based on renewable 
distributed generation and the evolution from consumer/producer to pro-sumer. Energy 
Solutions include : 
○ 
Grid infrastructure, i.e. solutions to manage connection to electric grid; 
○ 
Energy efficiency, i.e. solutions in order to create value for customers in terms of 
energy and environmental benefits, of identification of potential efficiency 
improvements, of management of energy efficiency certificates and to improve 
sustainability performance (leveraging ATEI competences); 
○ 
Smart solutions, including integration of distributed generation, storage and 
microgrids; 
○ 
Services, including energy performance contracts and maintenance of energy 
infrastructure (PV plants, substations); 
○ 
Potential additional opportunities from industrial processes digitalization (for example 
predictive maintenance).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
Private Interconnectors pursuant to Law 99/2009  
Terna is developing projects relative to interconnectors with other countries. The cross-border 
interconnectors with Montenegro (completed in December 2019), France (in an advanced 
realization stage), Austria (preliminary works started), Switzerland and Slovenia (under design 
and permitting) are part of this overall project.  
On 28 December 2019, the first pole of the 500kV direct current interconnection line between 
the substations of Villanova (Italy) and Lastva (Montenegro), part in submarine cable and part 
in terrestrial cable, covering a total distance of approximately 445 km entered into commercial 
operation. It allowed the realization of a new transmission capacity between Italy and 
Montenegro of 600 MW, of which 200 MW was available under a third-party access exemption 
to the private investors selected in accordance with L. 99/2009.  
The private part of the project is owned by Monita Interconnector S.r.l. (Monita), a company 
that Terna sold on 17 December 2019 to the Consortium Interconnector Energy Italia S.C.p.A. 
(Consortium that groups together the private investors having access to the 200 MW exempted 
cross-border capacity between Italy and Montenegro). Starting from the date of entry into 
commercial operation of the link, until the end of the 10 years exemption period, Terna manages 
operation and maintenance activities (ordinary and extraordinary) of the interconnector on 
payment of an annual fee by Monita. 
In accordance with the provision of Italian Law 99/2009, Terna Group has continued working 
on the construction of the HVDC private line, exempted for 350 MW to the Piemonte Savoia 
S.r.l. (company held by private investors selected according to the same law), corresponding to 
the Italian portion of one of the two direct current lines forming the interconnector between 
Piossasco (Italy) and Grande Ile (France). With reference to the status of cable works, the entire 
power cable laying (approximately 95 km) was completed in December 2020. Remaining 
activities include optic fiber cable laying and the installation of monitoring systems, whose 
completion is foreseen by mid-June 2021. Regarding the Piossasco converter station, the civil 
works and assembly of all the electromechanical equipment were completed in December 2020. 
Given the delays on construction activities on both the Italian and French sides, due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic emergency, the interconnector’s entry into service is currently expected 
to take place in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
The Italy-Austria interconnector (the Reschenpass project) concerns the realization of a new 
220kV AC interconnection line between the existing Glorenza (Italy) and the future Nauders 
(Austria) substations through an underground cable of around 28 km (26 km on the Italian side) 
and the necessary adaptations of the internal grid. The project will increase cross-border 
interconnection capacity between Italy and Austria by around 300 MW, which will almost 
double the currently available capacity. The investment of the project is expected to be 
approximately €85 million.  
On 16 March 2020, the exemption process was formally started with the exemption request sent 
to the Ministry for Economic Development (MiSE) by Resia. The exemption request was 
subsequently forwarded by MiSE to the ARERA for the expression of the relevant opinion. On 
6 May 2020, Resia submitted the exemption request, translated into English and German, to the 
Austrian Regulator, E-Control. On 17 November 2020, ARERA granted its approval for the 
issue of the exemption decree to Resia.  
It is recalled that, in accordance with the Law n. 99/2009, on 16 July 2018 Terna set up the 
special purpose vehicle, Resia Interconnector S.r.l., (Resia) in order to prepare and submit, on 
mandate of the private investors, a third-party access exemption request for a transmission

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
capacity of 150 MW and a period of ten years, with reference to the Italian part of the 
Reschenpass project. On 18 April 2019, Terna obtained the authorization for the realization and 
operation of the the 220kV underground cable between the Italian/Austrian border (at the Resia 
Pass) and the Glorenza substation, which, together with the extension of the existing Glorenza 
substation and the related works, constitutes the Italy-Austria interconnector envisaged 
pursuant to Law 99/2009. On the Austrian side, APG (the Austrian TSO) obtained all the 
authorizations in the second half of 2019. 
Moreover, on 1 October 2019, the MiSE transferred to Resia the authorisations relative to the 
interconnector.  
The Italy – Switzerland Interconnector project involves the development of new transmission 
lines between Italy and Switzerland, with the aim to increase by about 1 GW the interconnection 
capacity between the two countries.  
Regarding the Interconnector Italy – Slovenia project, Terna planned the realization of a direct 
current line, partly in the form of an undersea cable, between the substations of Salgareda (IT) 
and Divaça/Beriçevo (SL), together with some internal reinforcements on Italian and Slovenian 
grids. The expected increase in cross-border capacity of approximately 1 GW will make it 
possible to more than double the current interconnection capacity. 
 
Transformers through Tamini Group  
Tamini Group operates in the electromechanical sector and is a leader in the design, production, 
commercialisation and repair of power transformers for electricity transmission and distribution 
grids, of industrial transformers for the steel and metals industry and of special transformers for 
convertors used in electrochemical production. 
With a hundred years of experience, Tamini has a well-established name in Italy and overseas, 
thanks to its technological and engineering capabilities, combined with the degree of 
customisation and production flexibility it can offer. 
Tamini has six production plants in northern Italy and two trading companies in the United 
States and India. The Rodengo plant specialises in services, whilst the Novara production plant 
continues to manufacture coils, operating as a service centre for all the production sites that 
manufacture for both the Power and Industrial sectors. 
 
Acquisition of Brugg Kabel 
On 29 February 2020, in implementation of the preliminary agreement signed on 20 December 
2019, Terna acquired a 90 per cent. interest in Brugg Kabel, one of the leading European 
operators in the terrestrial cable sector, specialising in the design, development, construction, 
installation and maintenance of electrical cables of all voltages and accessories for high-voltage 
cables. The acquisition, which Terna financed with its own funds, was finalised through the 
subsidiary Terna Energy Solutions. The preliminary amount paid for acquisition of the equity 
interest is CHF25.8 million.  
The acquisition of Brugg Kabel provides Terna with a centre of excellence for research, 
development and testing in one of the core technologies for the TSO, such as terrestrial cable 
technology. 
In particular, the transaction gives Terna the opportunity to rapidly integrate core competencies, 
by acquiring a company featuring:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
specialisation in 150kV cables with standards in line with those Terna requires; 
 
HV cable production capacity in line with Terna’s requirements;  
 
expertise consolidated over 120 years, which as been widely verified by Terna; 
 
significant potential synergies with the Group’s Non-Regulated Activities. 
It should be noted that Terna’s Development Plan, in line with the objectives of greater 
sustainability and resilience for the NTG, envisages doubling the number of terrestrial cables 
over the next 10 years. Consequently, the development of distinctive expertise in the 
underground cable sector to support cable design and construction activities, as well as O&M, 
may well have a key role to play in Terna’s future.  
From an organisational point of view, Samuel Ansorge has been confirmed in the role of COO, 
while Agostino Scornajenchi has been appointed Executive Chairman. 
International Activities – Operator on the international market  
The Terna Group offers products and services abroad with a view to diversifying its activities carried 
out in Italy and collaborates with energy operators with a consolidated international presence. The 
development activities focus on geographical areas requiring investments in transmission 
infrastructures that also have stable political and regulatory frameworks and a risk/return profile in line 
with that of Terna. 
As to the International Activities, Terna is committed to focusing its position within the European 
continent by strengthening Italy’s role as the electricity hub between Europe and the Mediterranean.  
Terna’s strategic priorities with regard to its overseas operations include: 
 Europe: to strengthen its presence with the aim of enabling Italy to become an energy hub 
servicing the Mediterranean area; 
 Latin America: to consolidate its position in countries of interest by acquiring further 
concessions, developing projects already in progress in Brazil and Peru and operating the 
lines that have entered service in Brazil and Uruguay; and to integrate the Issuer’s value 
proposition with services for third parties falling within the scope of both regulated and 
non-regulated activities; 
 Other geographical areas: to develop services supporting the ecological transition, and that 
involve a low level of risk and absorb a limited amount of capital. 
Moreover, activities in South America are focused on completing the construction of 132 km of new 
138kV lines in Peru between Aguaytìa and Pucallpa. 
In Uruguay, Terna has completed the construction of the 213 km Melo-Tacuarembò 500kV 
transmission line; and the line has been in operation since 24 October 2019. 
In Brazil, Terna has completed the construction of the lines and substations for the two concessions, 
Santa Maria in the State of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Lucia in the State of Mato Grosso. 
In addition, onsite activity began and engineering work and the acquisition of rights and easements for 
the SPE Transmissora de energia Linha Verde II project began. This is the first of the two concessions

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
covered by the preliminary agreement with Construtora Quebec, regarding the construction of a 150-
km 500kV power line in the State of Minas Gerais. 
Acquisition of the second concession covered by the above agreement was completed in August 2020. 
This regards the SPE Transmissora de Energia Linha Verde I project, involving the construction of a 
150-km 500kV power line dubbed the “Governador Valadares-Mutum” in the State of Minas Gerais. 
The consents process and related design engineering work is underway.  
In Peru, work, which began in 2017, on the construction of 132 km of new 138kV lines between 
Aguaytìa and Pucallpa is continuing. Construction, which was temporarily interrupted in March by the 
lockdown imposed by the government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, resumed in July 2020. 
In the meantime, the procurement of transmission line materials and the related civil engineering works 
have been completed and the project is expected to reach completion in the first half of 2021. 
Overseas initiatives of interest to Terna are the acquisition and operation of transmission systems abroad 
by taking part in international concession, the provision of consulting and technical assistance services, 
energy solutions such as high value-added non-traditional activities and Project management. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
The role of the electric energy vector is crucial to enable the energy transition; all renewable generation 
technologies are based on the conversion of mechanical or thermal energy (wind, sun, geothermal, 
waves, etc) into electricity and energy efficiency technologies are almost exclusively based on electric 
vector (heat pumps, e-mobility, induction cooking etc.). 
To do so, priorities are: making Europe (and World) more energy efficient by accelerating investments 
and interconnections, building more and more integrated energy markets by constructing the necessary 
transmission lines, protecting consumer rights and achieving high safety standards in the energy sector. 
In this context, Innovation & Digitalization will also be crucial during this path and the reinforcement 
of R&D activities is a priority for Terna Group; in order to accomplish his mission as a TSO, Terna has 
to guarantee the fulfilment of key system needs (RES integration, adequacy, reliability) at the lowest 
possible cost for the system with high quality standards. 
A single solution does not exist: a full set of coordinated measures is needed to accomplish this 
challenging task. 
From Terna’s point of view, the most relevant “enablers” appear to be: 
 
Infrastructure development: Reinforcement of the national grid (eg. Tyrrhenian Link) and 
interconnections with foreign countries, investments to compensate for loss of inertia and 
voltage control (compensators, reactors, statcom) and to increase resilience; 
 
Renewables Development: Increase installation rates from currently <1GW per year to at least 
4 GW per year to reach Clean Energy Package targets (6 GW/year in light of the Green Deal). 
Furthermore, it is necessary to plan sufficiently in advance the quotas for auctions consistent 
with the 2030 objectives; 
 
Simplification and Acceptability: Simplification and acceleration of the permitting processes 
and more effective awareness campaigns to improve the social acceptability of renewables; 
 
Capacity Market: The power generation fleet will have to evolve by progressively replacing 
thermal capacity with variable renewable sources and storage systems. This transition will have 
to be guided by capacity market auctions as well as by auctions for renewables and dedicated 
auctions for pumped-hydro and electrochemical storage; 
 
Storage: Implementation of new pumped-hydro and electrochemical storage systems to provide 
active and reactive power control to the system (voltage, frequency, inertia and short circuit 
power), ensure adequacy, manage overgeneration and residual load ramps;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
Flexibility resources: Evolution and integration of markets to meet new needs and to facilitate 
the participation of new flexibility resources in the grid ancillary services markets (DSR and 
storage systems, already promoted with the ongoing UVAM & UPI pilots, fast reserve, pilot to 
test provision of secondary reserve by UVAM and storage). 
 
Digitalization contributes to further market facilitation and enables new actors and new roles, centering 
around prosumers and active system management. 
A cyber physical grid is in the making. It is composed of the physical part on the one hand – towers, 
cables, wires, substations etc. – and the increasing digital grid on the other. 
The latter will allow for the integration of models, tools, platforms and information. 
The Digital Grid will enable not only the automated and coordinated decision-making inside the power 
system and all the other parties that constitute the electricity value chain. In such context, as a point of 
reference, Terna has launched several innovative projects: 
■ 
Dedicated solutions for Transmission operator activities, which include: 
○ 
Full digitization of transmission network, which already counts over 200 digital 
stations, enabling the application of Big Data and Advanced Analytics tools; 
○ 
Robotization of grid inspection and monitoring. Currently are in pilot phase new 
technologies such as drones and magnetic-inductive robots; 
○ 
New solutions to improve monitoring of underground cables health, both for AC and 
DC High Voltage cable systems (including joints and terminations, the most "delicate" 
components of a cable system); 
■ 
Terna is investing heavily also for the System Operator activities, which include:  
○ 
Enhance accuracy of forecasting for Renewable generation through state-of-art 
probabilistic models; 
○ 
Continuously improve real-time operations through advance analytics applications. 
The extensive penetration of distributed resources requires indeed a increasingly 
quicker intervention capability for the TSO; 
○ 
Innovative solution for the observability on the real-time behavior of Distributed 
Energy Resources; 
○ 
Several pilot projects on new flexibility resources, as a brand-new testing field for 
utility scale storage system, currently operating in Sardinia and Sicily. Terna has also 
already designed and regulated the participation of aggregators to ancillary service 
market, including also aggregators of electrical vehicles (in other words the Vehicle 
2 Grid). 
INNOVATION  
Innovation and digital transformation are essential in the current increasingly complex energy context. 
Terna focuses its model of development on technology trends which are relevant to its business.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
The current ecological transition process requires a new systemic and organic approach to innovation, 
based around the acceleration of a portfolio of effective research, development and innovation 
initiatives in keeping with the Groups strategies. Terna has decided to further speed up its innovation 
process, in order to promote research and development into ideas and synergistically manage the 
innovation ecosystem. Within the framework of an innovation ecosystem, Terna promotes initiatives 
with universities and research centres, works with peers and major industrial players, and engages start-
ups and small and medium-sized enterprises. 
Innovation is one of the pillars of Terna’s businesses. Indeed, in the new 2021-2025 Industrial Plan 
more than €900 million has been earmarked for innovation and digitalisation. During the second half 
of 2020, the new Terna management drew up the 2021-2025 Innovation Plan, which sets out the new 
innovation model. 
Terna has developed an innovation model geared towards meeting new needs and generating value for 
the company and its stakeholders, adopting a concrete, open, inclusive and distributed approach: 
 
Concrete: from the needs of business to the concrete solutions that can resolve them, through 
the generation and development of new ideas and the implementation of innovative projects, 
with a structured process of protection and enhancement of Intellectual Property. 
 
Open: with the involvement of external actors such as start-ups, universities and other entities 
that play the dual role of enablers and recipients of the benefits of innovation. 
 
Inclusive: innovation initiatives involve the company's people, and this helps spread the culture 
of innovation. 
 
Distributed: all the different organisational structures participate in the development of 
innovation ideas and projects, aided also by the Innovation Factories, which serve as a link 
between central innovation and the different company structures. 
Terna has outlined the evolution of the technology scenario and identified the emerging issues for the 
future of the Italian energy system. And based on their potential impact on business, Terna has chosen 
some clusters on which to focus innovation activities: 
o Digital  
o Advanced Materials 
o Energy Tech 
o Robotics 
The new Innovation Plan is focused on critical enabling technologies, including a balanced portfolio of 
initiatives to grasp even the most disruptive challenges.  
The COVID-19 emergency posed Terna another important challenge regarding digital systems to 
support operations strongly impacted by remote working during lockdowns. Several initiatives have 
been implemented and launched that have enabled full remote operations, with a gradual shift of 
working practices towards a new normal. Specific actions have also been undertaken in support of 
internal processes and skills to promote and sustain NexTerna, a key element of the company’s 
resilience during the COVID-19 health emergency.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
STRATEGY AND BUSINESS PLAN 
2021-2025 “Driving Energy” Industrial Plan  
The 2021-2025 Industrial Plan, Driving Energy (the Industrial Plan 2021-2025 or the Plan), aims to 
confirm and reinforce Terna’s central role in managing and enabling the Italian energy system and the 
ecological transition, and as the main driving force behind the country’s efforts to achieve the targets 
in the European Green Deal and Italy’s Integrated National Plan for Energy and the Climate, above all 
the 55 per cent. reduction in emissions by 2030, marking the first step on the road to achieving zero 
emissions by 2050. 
The exponential increase in global primary energy consumption, the increase in CO2 emissions and the 
impact on our planet’s ecosystem are evidence of the fact that the energy model on which the planet’s 
development has depended in recent years is no longer sustainable. It is, therefore, necessary for 
national and international institutions to commit to a progressive and as rapid as possible 
decarbonisation and improved efficiency across all forms of energy. In this context, the electricity sector 
has a central role to play in achieving the energy system’s overall decarbonization goals, thanks to the 
intrinsic efficiency of electricity as an energy carrier compared with other forms of energy and the 
technological maturity of renewable energy sources (RES). 
This transformation will not have zero impact on the electricity system but will face the Issuer with a 
series of challenges that must be met in order to ensure decisive and effective delivery of the ecological 
transition, whilst maintaining the current high levels of service quality and, at the same time, avoiding 
an excessive increase in the cost to society. 
The growing presence of renewable energy plants has a significant impact on the way in which Terna 
manages the grid. These intermittent sources of energy, not as flexible as traditional power plants and 
sometimes far away from centres of consumption, result in an increase in grid congestion, especially on 
sections connecting the south with the north. 
In addition, the growing frequency of extreme climate events, allied with the structural nature of the 
Italian transmission grid, puts major demands on the TSO, which is called on to protect and manage the 
national grid in order to guarantee the security of electricity supply.  
Under Terna’s approach, to ensure that the ecological transition provides the necessary security, the 
system requires the following key elements: investment in the grid (to enable security, resilience and 
the integration of non-programmable RES), the installation of renewable energy sources and storage 
systems, providing additional storage capacity for electricity that will allow the system to operate and 
minimize overgeneration. 
With specific regard to investment in the grid, Terna’s Plan focuses on efforts to significantly accelerate 
sustainable investment, the integration of non-programmable renewable sources and the strengthening 
of system security and resilience, thereby supporting the ecological transition and the phase-out of coal. 
The aim of this strategy is to resolve grid congestion and upgrade the transmission backbones that play 
an essential role in linking places of production with consumption. This goal will be achieved by 
reinforcing connections between the north and south of the country and with the islands, and by boosting 
cross-border interconnection capacity. To achieve this, the Terna Group plans to invest a total of €9.2 
billion over the next five years. 
Consequently, the strategic guidelines for the various areas (i.e. Regulated Activities, Non-Regulated 
Activities, International Activities) of the Terna Group have been identified.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
Regulated Activities 
In terms of Regulated Activities, which continue to represent the Group’s core business, Terna plans to 
invest €8.9 billion, a record level of investment for Italy and up 22 per cent. compared with the target 
of €7.3 billion set in the previous Plan. This investment will bring major benefits for the entire system, 
well beyond their initial cost, and will focus on developing, modernising and strengthening the national 
transmission grid, confirming Terna’s role as the enabler of an increasingly complex, sustainable and 
technologically advanced electricity system. In addition, 95  per cent. of this investment is classifiable 
as green under the criteria used in the EU Taxonomy currently being revised. 
The most important projects include the Tyrrhenian Link, which will contribute to the decarbonisation 
of Sardinia, integrating different market areas with major benefits in terms of efficiency; the power line 
that will link the Colunga zone (Bologna) with the Calenzano zone (Florence), significantly boosting 
exchange capacity between south-central and north-central Italy; the power line that will connect 
southern and northern Sicily between Chiaramonte Gulfi (Ragusa) and Ciminna (Palermo), improving 
the quality and continuity of electricity supply in the region; and SA.CO.I.3, the new tri-terminal high-
voltage direct current(HVDC)connection between Sardinia, Corsica and the Italian mainland. 
As a result of this investment, the value of the Issuer’s regulated asset base (RAB) will rise to €21.8 
billion in 2025, with a CAGR of 6 per cent. over the life of the Plan, a significant increase compared 
with the previous Plan. 
Non-Regulated Activities 
Non-Regulated Activities will focus on the development of innovative, digital solutions to support the 
ecological transition, fully in line with the Group’s core business. These activities include: 
– 
Energy Solutions: services for high-voltage infrastructure and smart grids, and energy 
efficiency services offered through Avvenia; 
– 
Connectivity: the offer of connectivity, dark fibre and housing and hosting services for 
telecommunications providers; 
– 
Manufacturing: the production of power transformers and terrestrial cables carried out 
by Tamini and Brugg, whose growth will help to drive efficient delivery of Terna’s 
existing strategy for insourcing distinctive capabilities. 
– 
Interconnectors: services for the construction of electricity interconnection by private 
investors different from TSOs 
Non-regulated Activities are expected to contribute a cumulative total of approximately €450 million 
to the Group’s EBITDA over the life of the Plan, in return for limited investment and risk exposure. 
International Activities 
In terms of International Activities, Terna now operates in a number of Latin American countries, where 
we aim to maintain a presence in order to exploit its expertise and build on its know-how in cross-border 
high-voltage and very high-voltage connections. In addition to the projects currently underway in 
Brazil, Peru and Uruguay, the 2021-2025 Industrial Plan envisages that we will take advantage of new 
opportunities capable of driving further EBITDA growth in return for low levels of risk and modest 
capital outlays. Terna expects to invest up to €300 million in new projects over the life of the Plan. 
Terna thus expects that its International Activities will contribute a cumulative total of over €200 million 
to the Group’s EBITDA over the life of the Plan.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
To help drive delivery of the Plan and enable Terna to effectively transform its business processes, two 
strategic enablers have been identified: the development of new technologies and of its people. In this 
regard, the Group has earmarked approximately €900 million of the total budget of €8.9 billion for 
expenditure on digitalisation and innovation, which will play an increasingly central part in keeping 
with their crucial role in enabling the ecological transition for the benefit of the entire system. This form 
of investment will generate value for the entire system and the market. 
 
In addition, in order to optimise the working environment for its people, the Issuer has launched a 
project called NexTerna, with the aim of re-engineering its processes through the use of digital 
technologies and by rethinking physical workplaces. Finally, maintenance of a strong capital structure 
through robust cash generation will also help to support an attractive dividend policy. 
Main results expected in the 2021-2025 Industrial Plan  
As a result of investments in Regulated Activities, the value of the Issuer’s regulated asset base 
(RAB) will rise to € 21.8 billion in 2025, with a CAGR of 6 per cent. over the life of the Plan, a 
significant increase compared with the previous Plan. By the end of 2021, the value of the RAB will be 
€ 16.7 billion, whilst the figure for the end of 2020 is expected to be € 16.1 billion. 
Non-regulated Activities are expected to contribute a cumulative total of approximately € 450 
million to the Group’s EBITDA over the life of the Plan, in return for limited capital absorption and 
low risk profile. 
In terms of International Activities, Terna expects to invest up to €300 million in new projects over the 
life of the Plan and will contribute a cumulative total of over € 200 million to the 
Group’s EBITDA over the life of the Plan. 
Terna’s financial structure will remain solid, and the Net Debt/RAB ratio will remain below 60 per cent. 
in the five-year period. 
Sustainability objectives and targets  
For what concerns Human Resources, the Group has made a further commitment to health and safety. 
This includes initiatives forming part of the “Delivering continuous improvement in occupational 
safety” programme and the launch of the “New Ways of Working” project called NexTerna. The latter 
sets out to transform the way we work by giving people greater responsibility and involving them more 
in meeting the goals and responding to the challenges indicated in the Industrial Plan. 
Finally, in the environment dimension, the Group has adopted a Science-Based Target (SBT) to reduce 
the Group’s carbon footprint, with an initial target to be met by 2021. We continue to be committed to 
minimising the visual impact of electricity infrastructure on the landscape, including through the 
removal, over the life of the Plan, of around 500 km of power lines made obsolete by new investment 
in development of the grid. 
Outlook 
Group revenues are expected at € 3.04 billion in 2025, whilst EBITDA is expected to be € 2.21 billion, 
based on a CAGR of more than 4 per cent. for both indicators over the life of the Plan. In 2021, revenues 
are expected to grow to € 2.57 billion and EBITDA to € 1.84 billion. Consequently, Earnings Per Share 
(EPS) are expected at € 0.39 in 2021 and €0.49 in 2025, marking average annual growth rate of more 
than 5 per cent. over the life of the Plan. Investments are expected at € 9.2 billion in the period 2021-
2025, including € 1.4 billion in 2021.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
Dividend Policy 
From 2021 to 2023, the CAGR of the dividend per share (DPS) is expected at 8 per cent., based on the 
2020 dividend. For 2024 and 2025, a 75 per cent. payout is expected, with a minimum guaranteed 
dividend equal to the 2023 dividend.  
 
SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES  
Terna has, since 2002, adopted a voluntary approach designed to foster the involvement of local 
government in an earlier stage (regional and local authorities, park authorities, etc.). Since 2015, this 
has been extended to include people from the communities directly affected by Terna’s plans through 
public meetings called “Terna incontra”. These are planned events that institute a continuous 
communication channel with people from the communities directly affected by new electricity 
infrastructure, whether a power line or a substation, in order to enter into a participatory design process.  
Due to the restrictions imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, Terna devised and 
implemented an innovative form of engagement based on a digital format. This consists of a new way 
of consulting local citizens and stakeholders, combining paper communication (leaflets and pamphlets) 
with digital content on the website (web pages providing digital information for online meetings) and 
social media (the publication of social media kits among local stakeholders and sponsored campaigns) 
in an integrated, coordinated manner. A total of 9 “Terna Incontra” meetings were held in 2020, 
including 2 in person at the beginning of the year, and 7 via digital platforms.  
Terna’s commitment to the environment and biodiversity led, in 2009, to the conclusion of partnership 
agreements with critical stakeholders, such as leading environmental organisations, with the aim of 
arriving at shared solutions designed to boost the environmental sustainability of the National 
Transmission Grid (NTG). Growing concerns over the impact of climate change, and the accompanying 
focus on ecological transition initiatives, has led to further cooperation between Terna and these 
organisations. Terna currently has partnerships with Legambiente, the WWF and Greenpeace. 
Approaches to climate change and the energy transition, within the context of this specific sector, have 
widened calls from numerous institutional investors for major companies to conduct an informed and 
full assessment of the business risks linked to ESG (environmental, social and governance) issues. Of 
particular importance, in terms of transparency and reporting, are the recommendations from the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (the so called Bloomberg Task Force) regarding the 
publication of information on the implications of climate change for business strategies, in terms of 
risks and opportunities. This is considered of central importance, with regard to both the best possible 
allocation of investment and efforts to combat climate change. Terna has for some time now 
implemented these recommendations. 
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK  
The current legislative and regulatory structure of the electricity sector is determined by the Bersani 
Decree (as defined above) which, transposing the Directive 1996/92/EC (hereinafter referred to as the 
Electricity Directive), led to the liberalisation of the electricity industry.  
The Bersani Decree and the following legislation implemented under the Electricity Directive, set forth:  
 
the liberalisation of the production, import, export, purchase and sale of electricity on 
the market;

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
 
that the activities of both transmission and dispatching of electric energy are reserved 
to the State and are carried out by Terna under a concession granted to the Italian ISO 
and transferred to Terna after the acquisition of the Italian ISO assets on 1 November 
2005. The concession of Terna was granted on 20 April 2005 and was amended on 15 
December 2010 by the Ministry of Economic Development (now the Ministry of 
Ecological Transition); 
 
that the activity of electricity distribution is carried out under the concessions issued by 
the Ministry of Economic Development (now the Ministry of Ecological Transition). 
After the Bersani Decree, further provisions were issued in order to guarantee and strengthen the 
separation between the liberalised activities and the transmission and dispatching activities and in order 
to guarantee that the transmission and dispatching activities are carried out in an objective and non-
discriminatory way without distinguishing between users or types of users. 
Law Decree 239/03 converted into Law 290/03 set forth further provisions referring to the electricity 
sector. Moreover, the above-mentioned Decree: 
 
provided for integration of the ownership and management of the National Transmission 
Grid; and 
 
as of 1 July 2007, prevented companies (including Enel) operating in the production, 
importation, distribution and sale of electricity or natural gas, and any company 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the State, operating in the above-mentioned sectors, 
from holding, directly or indirectly, more than 20 per cent. of the share capital of any 
company that both owns and manages any part of the National Transmission Grid or of 
the gas transmission network. 
The Presidential Decree of 11 May 2004, (hereinafter the DPCM – Decreto del Presidente del Consiglio 
dei Ministri), implementing Law 290/03 set forth, among others, that: 
 
The Italian ISO was required to draft, by no later than 31 December 2004, a document 
named “Network transmission, dispatch, development and safety code” (hereinafter 
referred to as the Grid Code), which had to contain objective and non-discriminatory 
rules for the use of, and access to, the National Transmission Grid with respect to the 
transmission, dispatching and management operations of the same. 
The Grid Code was approved by the Ministry of Productive Activities (currently Ministry of 
Economic Development) and the ARERA. The Grid Code is amended and updated in order to 
ensure compliance with the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and every 
modification, addition and change is subject to approval (including by acquiescence) by the 
Ministry of Economic Development (now the Ministry of Ecological Transition) and the 
ARERA according to their relevant competences. 
 
that, the entity resulting from integration of the ownership and management of the 
National Transmission Grid should be operated in an objective manner without 
distinguishing between users or types of users and that the relevant By-Laws should be 
amended (prior to the earlier of Enel losing control of Terna and the integration) to 
provide, among others, for the following: 
○ 
any company operating in the production, importation, distribution, sale or 
transmission of electricity (or which controlled, was controlled by or was under 
common control with, any such company) and having a shareholding exceeding

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
5 per cent. of the shares of the resulting entity would be prohibited from voting, 
in the election of the resulting entity’s Directors, those shares exceeding 5 per 
cent. of the voting share capital in the resulting entity; 
○ 
no person other than the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or 
entities controlled by any of them) was allowed to hold more than 5 per cent. 
of Terna’s share capital (which provision was not to be amended for at least 
three years from the integration). In any event, a shareholder with a 
shareholding, direct or indirect, of more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share 
capital, would not be entitled to vote those shares exceeding the 5 per cent. 
threshold. However, according to Law 474/94, this limitation on holding more 
than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share capital did not apply in the case of a public 
tender offer with the purpose of acquiring the entire outstanding share capital 
of Terna in accordance with Articles 106 and 107 of the Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (TUF). 
Legislative Decree 93/2011 implementing Directive 2009/72/EC (repealed by Directive 2019/944/EU 
with effect from 1 January 2021) concerning common rules on the internal market in electricity. set 
forth that: 
 
Terna is prevented, both directly and indirectly, from carrying out electric energy 
production or supply activities or from managing, even only on a temporary basis, 
electric energy production plants; 
 
within three months of the entry into force of this legislative decree, the ARERA defines 
and initiates the procedure pursuant to Article 10 of Directive 2009/72/EC for the 
certification of the national transmission system operator according to the ownership 
unbundling model. On the basis of this procedure the ARERA is required to adopt a 
certification decision on Terna. 
Terna has been certified as an independent Transmission System Operator according to the “ownership 
unbundling” model with Resolution of ARERA 142/2013/R/eel. 
Applicable legislation (the general principles and rules of administrative procedure as defined by Law 
241/1990 and the Law Decree 239/2003 as modified by Law 290/2003) and the Environmental Law 
(Legislative Decree 3 April 2006 No. 152, further amended by Legislative Decree 104/2017) 
established a procedure for transmission grid development projects that should last for 180 days. 
Instead, the time limit is usually extended (even to two or three years) since required binding advice (in 
particular, the Environmental Impact Assessment) is not issued within the applicable deadline. Such 
delays represent a loss of revenue for Terna and sometimes raise difficulties in investment planning. 
Procurement procedures are governed by the Legislative Decree 18 April 2016 No. 50, which 
implements Directives 2014/25/EU, 2014/24/EU and 2014/23/EU. The above-mentioned legal 
framework was further amended by Law Decree 56/2017 and by Law Decree 32/2019 as converted 
with modifications by Law 55/2019. 
The Italian Government has notified the EU Commission of the Integrated National Plan for Energy 
and Climate (PNIEC), provided for by Regulation 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on the Governance of the Energy Union. The PNIEC describes the current situation for each of 
the five dimensions of the Energy Union (energy security; the internal energy market; energy efficiency; 
decarbonisation; and research, innovation and competitiveness), including the energy system and 
greenhouse gas emissions and removals. It consequently sets the main objectives, targets and 
contributions for the aforementioned dimensions of the energy union, on a 2030 horizon and a 2050

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
horizon, and describes the measures and policies which the Government intends to implement to achieve 
them. 
 
TARIFF SYSTEM  
Revenue structure  
As of 31 December 2020, the Terna Group’s total consolidated revenues amounted to Euro 2,513.5 
million. The majority of these revenues (Euro 2,148.9 million) derive from activities regulated by the 
ARERA whereas the remainder derives from Non-Regulated and International Activities. 
Regulated revenues 
Regulated revenues are meant to cover the allowed costs for the transmission and dispatching services, 
according to rules set for a whole regulatory period in specific Resolutions, which are currently (i.e. for 
2020-23, the 2nd half of the 5th regulatory period) Resoltion 568/19 for transmission and Resolution 
351/07 - as subsequently amended by Resolution 574/19 – for dispatching. 
There are three main categories of allowed costs: RAB remuneration, allowed depreciation and allowed 
operational expenditures (opex). 
 
RAB remuneration: it is calculated by applying the WACC to the value of the Regulatory Asset 
Base. The RAB is the allowed net value of investments entered into operation, it is revalued 
annually on the basis of the gross-fixed-investment deflator and is annually updated to account 
for yearly transmission investments, D&A and decommissioning. The WACC is the Weighted 
Average Cost of Capital, which is calculated according to criteria set by the NRA for the period 
2016-21, with a mid-period review that led to the update of the WACC for 2019-21 from 5,3 
per cent. (2016-18) to 5,6 per cent. (2019-21). In October 2020, ARERA published the 
Resolution 380/2020/R/com, launching the procedure for redetermining the WACC to be 
allowed from 2022 (this Resolution identifies initial general criteria, that will be further 
developed by the NRA in a future consultation document). 
 
Allowed depreciation: it is calculated on assets entered into operation, according to the 
regulatory useful life set by the NRA for specific asset categories and annually revalued by 
applying changes in the gross-fixed-investments deflator.  
 
Allowed opex: they are set by the NRA at the beginning of each regulatory sub-period, 
considering the actual annual operating costs of a reference year (i.e. 2018 actual value for the 
regulatory sub-period 2020-23) and on the residual portions – temporarily left to Terna – of the 
extra-efficiencies achieved in the preceding regulatory periods. The whole amount is revalued 
annually through an inflation index and reduced by an efficiency factor aimed at completing, 
over time, the transfer to final users of the achieved extra-efficiencies. 
The main part of the regulated revenues comes from the transmission tariff (CTR), invoiced by Terna 
to distributors connected to the National Transmission Grid (NTG). The CTR has a dual structure, made 
of a power component (so called CTRP, covering the 90 per cent. of the allowed transmission costs) 
and an energy component (CTRE, covering the 10 per cent. of the allowed transmission costs). The 
CTR exposure to volumes dynamics is limited to the CTRE component; the CTRP component is not 
exposed to volume dynamics since the capacity driver considered in order to calculate ex ante the CTRP 
is the same that is considered ex post to invoice the same component to distributors.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
Regulatory revenues also come from the dispatching tariff (DIS), remunerating Terna for the activities 
related to the dispatching service. The DIS tariff is invoices by Terna to the withdrawal dispatching 
users in proportion to the respective quantities of energy dispatched. The dispatching tariff is monomial, 
wholly calculated and invoiced on energy only, meaning that any difference between the energy forecast 
(considered to calculate the tariff) and the actual energy values (considered to invoice the tariff to the 
dispatching users) determines a difference between dispatching allowed costs and dispatching revenues. 
Such volume exposure is limited to a ±0.5 per cent. by a mitigation mechanism, where Terna is 
compensated for missing revenues up to 99.5 per cent. of recognised costs or returns the revenues 
exceeding 100.5 per cent. 
Over time, ARERA introduced specific bonus and penalty schemes aimed at encouraging service 
improvement, for example in terms of system development, technical reliability and cost efficiency, 
moving from an input-based approach to an output-based approach.  
Regarding output-based incentives, in 2018 the Authority published two Resolutions: 
 
Resolution n. 129/2018, setting an incentive to increase transmission capacity across borders 
and market zones up to pre-defined targets; and 
 
Resolution n. 699/2018, setting a further incentive mechanism aimed at solving network 
constraints such as bottlenecks within market zones, network constraints for voltage regulation 
and must-run power plants. 
Moreover, at the end of 2019, through Resolution 567/2019 the Authority approved additional Output 
Based incentive mechanisms for the transmission service: 
 
a cost efficiency incentive: allowing an additional premium for inter-zonal projects, if the cost 
is lower than the reference unit cost per section; and 
 
a one-off bonus for the unification of ownership of the National Transmission Grid (NTG), in 
order to promote the acquisition by Terna of network portions of other NTG Holders, in the 
period 2020-2022.    
Regulation also set an incentive mechanism for improving the quality of the transmission service. The 
incentive mechanism is based on the so-called “ENSR”, which is the reference energy not supplied KPI. 
The ENSR target is subject to an annual improvement and according to the ex post performance (ENSR 
KPI vs ENSR target) Terna may incur in a penalty or get a premium, within a cap and floor range equal 
to Euro -12/+30 million per year.Referring to the quality of the transmission service, regulation also 
foresees a “mitigation mechanism” for services provided by distribution companies: some specific types 
of power outage or voltage asymmetry conditions which affect VHV/MV or HV/MV transformation 
plants directly connected to the NTG may give rise to mitigation services supplied by the distribution 
companies; such services are paid by Terna up to caps set both for single outage and for the yearly total 
amount. Moreover, in specific situations and up to caps set in the regulation, Terna may share 
penalties/refunds applied to distribution companies when outages under Terna’s responsibility occur 
affecting customers connected to MV and LV distribution networks and such outages come from not 
complying with the specific standards established by the Authority (in terms of duration/number of 
outages). Terna’s share for exceeding the outage duration standards has a maximum annual limit of 
Euro 70 million (if exceeded, Terna may request that the Authority provides reimbursement of the 
amount exceeding the cap). Terna’s share for exceeding the standards on the number of outages is 
limited according to the provisions of the distribution service quality regulation. In certain specific 
cases, Terna may request the “Fund for Exceptional Events, Resilience and other special project” to 
refund such payments. 
Pass-through items 
In addition to regulated revenues and those generated by non-regulated activities, Terna manages cost 
and revenue items connected to the transactions, completed with electricity market operators, to buy

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
and sell the energy necessary for the dispatching services: these are the “pass through” items, i.e. those 
which do not influence net income on the Terna Group’s Income Statement (revenues equal costs). 
These items include payments such as the capacity payment which Terna collects from withdrawal 
dispatching users and passes on to the producers who make the capacity available on the market. It also 
includes the payment that Terna collects from the withdrawal dispatching users and passes on to the 
operators which supply the load interruption service. 
A significant proportion of pass-through items consist of uplift, a tariff component which includes 
various system costs, including covering the net expenses incurred to procure resources on the 
Dispatching Service Market (DSM). 
In 2020, pass-through revenues and costs for the Terna Group totalled Euro 5,504,4 million. The 
components of these transactions are detailed in the Terna Annual Report 2020.  
ISSUER’S SECURITY 
The electric grid may be affected by a variety of external threats and the system operation may 
experience several vulnerabilities. In order to keep a high level of security for its critical infrastructures, 
Terna adopts advanced solutions in terms of dedicated organization, suitable systems infrastructures 
and internal processes as well as procedures aimed at preventing and managing critical scenarios. 
In particular, the implemented security measures are aimed at protecting the company’s infrastructures 
as well as at promoting actions focused on the prevention and management of specific risks, such as 
fraud risks, information security risks in line with the objectives set out in Terna’s mission. 
Physical Security 
The physical security of substations is assured by using devices, systems and units operating 24 hours 
a day, seven days a week. To safeguard the security of the Issuer’s premises and plant, Terna has also 
developed a surveillance platform called the Integrated Physical Security System for Terna Substations, 
which allows the dedicated surveillance centre – the Security Operations Centre or SOC – to 
continuously monitor (VideoBox) any intrusion alarms and video from 265 substations. 
Terna has partnered with the Italy’s Carabinieri police force to further strengthen its new 
communications and rapid intervention system, which enables the SOC to quickly alert the police in 
the event of attempts at forced entry to critical substations, all equipped with video surveillance 
equipment. The new system has been called “O.D.I.N.O.” (Operational Device for Information, 
Networking and Observation) and is connected, via a secure link, to the centralised operating system 
used by Carabinieri operations rooms throughout Italy. 
In 2019 the Advanced Enterprise Protection System (SETA) was released. SETA aims to provide an 
integrated, georeferenced system for managing business threats and emergencies, based on a single 
infrastructure available to the SOC. SETA will be made available to senior management and the 
Company’s key departments. 
On 7 January 2021, in the presence of the Commander General of the Carabinieri, General Giovanni 
Nistri, and Terna’s Chief Executive Officer, Stefano Antonio Donnarumma, an agreement was signed 
between the Carabinieri and Terna, aimed at further boosting physical protection of Italy’s strategic 
electricity infrastructure. Terna will supply an additional 675 state-of-the-art devices to the units directly 
involved in monitoring the infrastructure.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
Terna's risk management is conducted according to a process that is widespread in the organization and 
that provides for the systematic and iterated risks’ identification, evaluation, treatment and monitoring. 
Terna's risk management model is inspired and referred to the best existing practices such as, for 
example, the international reference model Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (CoSO), then applied and 
customized to Terna business and organization. 
This model is periodically reviewed and continuously improved to respond to internal changes, as well 
as to changes in the external context (also taking into consideration emerging risks) and best practices.  
The application of the risk management model is structured and executed through a systemic approach. 
It integrates in the organization the three control levels required by Corporate Governance Code, each 
with different objectives and responsibilities. In addition, the Group implements procedures and 
processes aimed at coordinating the activities of the second and third level control structures, 
minimizing duplication of activities and maximizing the efficiency of the Internal Control and Risk 
Management System.The phases of risk management (identification, evaluation, treatment and 
monitoring of risks) take place according to a cyclical improvement process which involves reviewing, 
planning and implementing actions. Starting from company’s objectives (divided into strategic and 
recurring ones), risks are identified in order to consider potential risky events which could affect the 
achievement of the objectives themselves. Each event is then assessed according to Terna's risk 
assessment methodology and the risk management strategy is defined for each significant risk, 
identifying any specific actions required and the relative implementation timelines. 
This cyclic process is executed every year in Terna through two different approaches that cover the 
entire company perimeter: Top-Down approach and Bottom-Up one. Top-Down approach is focused 
on the main risks that could compromise the achievement of the Group's objectives. The Bottom-Up is 
focused on risks related to business processes. 
Risk analysis results are collected in different periodic reports made available to the Management and 
to the Board of Directors. Information on the Risk Management System and the main findings of the 
Risk Analysis and Management are also reported in the Management Report (financial statements). 
Management Systems  
Terna and its subsidiaries TRI S.p.A., Terna Plus, Terna Energy Solution, and Terna Crna Gora have 
adopted an integrated management system that acts as the main management system for all five 
companies. 
The Management Systems Department ensures the implementation of all activities relating to its 
certified management system and the processes involved according to the UNI EN ISO 9001: 2015 
(Quality Management System), UNI EN ISO 14001: 2015 (System of Environmental 
Management), UNI EN ISO 45001: 2018 (ISO standard health and safety management system), 
and BS Standard OHSAS 18001: 2007 (BS standard health and safety management system), UNI 
CEI EN ISO 37001: 2016 ( Anti-corruption management systems, obtained in 2017 as the first

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
company in Italy; Terna Crna Gora isn’t certificated), and UNI CEI EN ISO 50001: 2018 (Energy 
Management System). 
The Energy Manager of the 4 companies is carrying out an energy management project including the 
completion of the “Initial Energy Review”, which takes into account the energy needs of both power 
stations and office buildings. 
As regards the Information Security Management System, the certification obtained, according to the 
UNI CEI ISO / IEC 27001: 2013 standard, is limited to the processes relating to the information relating 
to the TIMM "Integrated Market Monitoring Text". 
Furthermore, in June 2018 Terna and its subsidiary TRI S.p.A. have obtained the Management System 
Certification according to ISO 55001: 2014 (Asset Management Systems) for tangible assets (power 
lines and stations). 
The testing and calibration laboratories and equipment of the company TRI S.p.A. are accredited 
according to the ISO 17025: 2018 standard. 
The Management Systems Department takes care of the SOA certifications (attestation for participation 
in public tenders) of the companies Terna, TRI S.p.A., Terna Plus and Terna Solutions. 
The Management Systems Structure liaises with the Italian National Accreditation Body (Accredia) for 
the ISO / IEC 17025 accreditations of laboratories, and with the Certification Body (IMQ SpA). For the 
other ISO certifications, it organizes and carries out internal audits of the management system, checks 
action plans and supports top management in evaluating the opportunity for new certifications and 
accreditations. 
Business Reputation Intelligence 
Terna recognises that fraud management and the analysis of the counterparties’ risk represent an 
essential part of its corporate management and it has implemented a fraud control system in order to 
improve its corporate security. Considering fraud management as a continuous process, Terna has 
introduced management tools and prevention measures monitoring, on a daily basis, the effectiveness 
of the strategies as well as the controls implemented.  
In particular, with regard to Terna Group’s international transactions, Terna Group (i) has developed, 
adopted and updated on 13 May 2020 an internal compliance policy (the Trade Compliance Policy) 
setting out sanctions compliance procedures, granting the relevant disclosure to its own personnel and 
implementing training programmes and (ii) is carrying out due diligence activities on an ongoing basis 
in order to verify and detect in advance whether any contemplated transaction could violate Sanctions, 
thereby minimising the risk that any such violation will occur in connection with future transactions. 
Moreover, as mentioned in the risk factor “Risks associated with Terna Group’s transactions involving 
Countries and Activities targeted by Sanctions”, some of the Sanctionable Transactions and Activities 
of the Terna Group are potentially exposed to the risk to be targeted by applicable Sanctions. For this 
reason, Terna has also hired several external consultants to enhance continuous due diligence processes 
(the Processes) on a subjective and objective basis on the Sanctionable Transactions and the Activities. 
The Processes have been, are and will be, carried out from a worldwide regulatory perspective, with 
particular focus from a European Union, United States and United Nations perspective. The Processes 
constantly provide Terna with updates on worldwide regulatory framework and with a view to 
determining whether no penalty for a Sanctions violation can result from any Sanctionable Transaction 
and/or the Activities, considering that the framework of potentially relevant Sanctions is complex, still 
evolving and may not be consistent across jurisdictions.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
In this context, inter alia, the analysis has concerned the Sanctionable Transactions of Tamini Group, 
including sales, either directly or indirectly through third parties, of transformers (and, in certain cases, 
reactors, spare parts and related maintenance and/or repair services) to various end-users for installation 
mainly in steel manufacturing plants and electric utilities also located in many foreign countries 
(currently in particular Belarus, Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Moldova, Russia, Ukraine, China, in the past also 
Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Iran, Tunisia, Venezuela and Zimbabwe). In this regard, for the 
first quarter of 2021, the amount of revenues generated by the Tamini Group and derived from 
Sanctionable Transactions was less than 0.5 per cent. of the consolidated revenues of the Terna Group. 
Following the acquisition of Brugg Kabel by Terna through its subsidiary Terna Energy Solutions on 
29 February 2020, the Fraud Management Unit has also carried out an overall subjective due diligence 
of all the counterparties of the Brugg Kabel Group. In this context the Fraud Management Unit has 
verified about 400 counterparty companies with the collaboration of specialized consultants, in order to 
monitor not to enter into relations with subjects or entities targeted by Sanctions. It is worth noting that 
this process has been carried out even though Brugg Kabel–as parent company of the Brugg Kabel 
Group until 31 March 2021 date when the Brugg Kabel Group faced a corporate reorganization – 
already had its own internal regulation and guidelines on export controls and international sanctions, 
according to its own national rules (State Secretariat for Economic Affairs – SECO). 
The fraud management and the analysis of the counterparties’ risk, previously carried out by the Fraud 
Management Unit, are currently conducted by the Business Reputation Intelligence Department of 
Terna. In particular, it is noted that the Business Reputation Intelligence Department is nowadays 
composed by both the Fraud Management Unit and the Counterparty Due Diligence Unit. 
The activities of the Business Reputation Intelligence Department consist of: 
 
 tools and management facts analysis aimed at identifying critical areas of potential frauds; 
 
definition of monitoring and control procedures in order to define standards and management 
tools for maximising effectiveness and efficiency and for preventing misconduct; 
 
continuous monitoring of the efficiency of the prevention measures in place; 
 
implementation of protocols with Institutions in order to prevent attempts of criminal 
infiltration, transmitting data, information and news about contracting and subcontracting 
firms; and 
 
implementation of the Trade Compliance Policy and development of the due diligence 
activities, on an ongoing basis, on any transaction. 
Management of Supplier Risk 
In order to manage the supplier risk, Terna uses a Supplier Qualification System, set up pursuant to the 
related EU directives (Legislative Decree 50 of 18 April 2016 “Public contracts code for the supply of 
works, services and goods”), for all the main core categories of goods, works and services that Terna 
intends to procure, established on the basis of strategic importance, degree of competitiveness and 
annual procurement volumes. 
Information and Cyber Security Risk  
Terna has an Information Security Governance Model which enables to identify and manage the most 
significant cyber risks. It is based on policies and procedures, combined with a coordinated Information 
Risk Management operating programme, led and coordinated by the Group’s CISO (Chief Information 
Security Officer).

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
Since 2018, the framework for the security measures, based on Cyber Security by Design principles, 
used to mitigate this risk was updated to Revision 5 of the NIST 800.53 standard, thus ensuring 
alignment with best international practices. A pilot project involving Cyber Risk Quantitative Analysis 
was also completed. This was used to survey the market prices quoted by insurance brokers for Cyber 
Risk Assurance policies for certain forms of cyber risk. 
In addition, Terna’s Computer Emergency Readiness Team (CERT) was sued to implement a 
structured process for identifying and rapidly containing security breaches, minimising any data loss 
and working to restore the affected services. 
In addition to the above, following an innovative approach to risk reduction policies, Terna cooperates 
with Cyber Security institutional partners (national and international regulatory bodies and authorities) 
with which to share the risks resulting from its activities. These include include CSIRT Italia (Computer 
Security Incident Response Team – Italia) and CNAIPIC (the National Centre for Combating Cyber 
Crime and for the Protection of Critical Infrastructure).  
In 2020, Terna continued to focus on Cyber Defence with several projects coordinated whit an end to 
end approach of Cyber Security Governance, including: 
 
strengthening of Perimeter Defence solutions, through adoption of Technological Perimeter 
(IT/OT/IoT/Cloud) Defence and Protection technologies, and implementation of new security 
features to counter new threats; 
 
evolution of CERT via the boosting of monitoring, identification and incident response 
capabilities, in line with new cyber risk and threat intelligence scenarios;  
 
Cyber protection of the industrial domain (OT), through adoption of technologies and new 
security solutions to strengthen the capabilities of context visibility, active defence and threat 
identification in the industrial domain; 
 
IoT security, through adoption of technologies to defend against cyberattacks on Terna’s IoT 
infrastructure and IT system; 
 
design of a Cyber LAB for testing innovative cyber security solutions in a controlled security 
environment, and to support Terna’s cyber security awareness programme, via awareness-
raising campaigns on cyber issues with a focus on simulating attacks (e.g. phishing), and related 
training courses for users; and 
 
continuous improvement of the tools and methodologies that support the Information Security 
Framework within Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) end to end processes, and security 
assessment solutions relating to vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and red team attack 
initiatives. 
The operational nerve centre for the management of cyber events is the Computer Emergency Readiness 
Team (TERNA-CERT), which from 1 January 2021 will operate, also with the activity of Cyber Active 
Defence, within Terna’s newly established Cyber Defence Center. TERNA-CERT provides centralised 
real-time monitoring of the Group’s security, and preventive and reactive monitoring of potential cyber 
threats. 
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
In the ordinary course of its business, as of 31 December 2020, the Terna Group was party to 
approximately 905 civil and administrative proceedings both as plaintiff and defendant as well as to 
seven criminal proceedings, relating in particular to deadly or serious work incidents involving

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
employees and the destruction or alteration of natural resources in protected areas. Currently, Terna is 
not a party to any arbitration proceeding. The principal civil and administrative proceedings to which 
Terna is a party fall within the categories of annulment of authorisations, annulment of ARERA 
decisions, annulment of acts performed by Terna as Transmission System Operator (TSO), enforcement 
of ARERA decisions, damage to health and requests for modification of the location or operating 
conditions of the Terna Group’s Grid, lawsuits related to easements, labour rights, non-payment for the 
performance of contract work, environmental matter, legitimacy of construction permits and plant 
operations, activities carried out under concession and supply contracts.  
The Terna Group established a provision for disputes and litigation which, as of 31 December 2020, 
amounted to Euro 19.7 million (of which Euro 18.3 million for Terna). This provision does not cover 
the approximately 680 civil and administrative claims and proceedings brought against the Terna Group 
for which the damages have not been quantified or in relation to which the plaintiffs’ prospects are 
considered by Terna to be remote.  
Due to their nature, Terna is not able to predict the ultimate outcome of the proceedings currently 
pending against it, some of which may be unfavourable to Terna and may require Terna itself to pay 
damages to the plaintiff(s), and which may generate costs for modifying parts of the Terna Group’s 
Grid or temporarily removing parts of the Terna Group’s Grid from service. However, Terna does not 
believe that a negative outcome in any of these proceedings would compromise the operation of the 
Terna Group’s Grid as a whole and when taken as a whole and, save as mentioned in the risk factor 
“Risks associated with pending legal proceedings”, Terna believes its provisions for litigation and 
contingent liabilities are adequate. 
Terna does not expect the outcome of the pending proceedings to have, individually or as a whole, a 
material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, STATUTORY AUDITORS AND EMPLOYEES  
Corporate governance rules for the Italian joint-stock companies (società per azioni) like Terna, whose 
shares are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange, are set forth in the Italian Civil Code, TUF and 
implementing rules and regulations thereof and in the set of disciplinary rules of corporate governance 
for listed Italian companies (hereinafter referred to as the Code of Conduct).  
In order to comply with the Code of Conduct, Terna’s Board of Directors has approved various 
amendments to the corporate governance system (described in the Report on Corporate Governance and 
Ownership Structure) also in line with the principles contained in the Corporate Governance Code 
drawn up by the Corporate Governance Committee of listed companies promoted by Borsa Italiana on 
July 2018 (hereinafter referred to as the Corporate Governance Code), in particular: 
 
a Board of Directors responsible for company management which may delegate some of its 
powers to an Executive Committee and/or one of its Members. As recommended by the 
Corporate Governance Code, Terna’s Board of Directors has set up internal committees which 
have proposal and advisory duties, such as the Control and Risk, Corporate Governance and 
Sustainability Committee, the Appointments Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the 
Related-Party Transactions Committee (see also below); 
 
a Board of Statutory Auditors responsible for monitoring: (i) that the company complies with 
the law, the By-laws and the principles of correct administration in performing company 
activities; and (ii) the adequacy of the company’s organisational structure, internal control 
system and administrative/accounting system as well as those of the foreign subsidiaries outside 
of the EU. It is also responsible for carrying out all duties assigned to the Board of Statutory 
Auditors by law and the code of conduct for listed companies. Pursuant to the provisions of

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
article 19 of Italian Legislative Decree 39/2010, it is the responsibility of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors to supervise the financial disclosure process, the efficiency of the internal control 
systems, of internal reviews and of risk management, the statutory audit of annual and 
consolidated results and the independence of the auditing company; 
 
the Shareholders’ Ordinary and Extraordinary Meetings that resolve on, inter alia, the (i) 
appointment and revocation of the members of the Boards of Directors and Statutory Auditors 
and their fees and duties, (ii) approval of the financial statements and allocation of the profit 
for the year, (iii) amendments to the By-laws, (iv) authorizations for actions carried out by 
Directors concerning transactions with related parties for which there was no favourable 
opinion by the competent independent body, in compliance with governing regulations and 
based on procedures adopted by the Board of Directors as well as on urgent transactions 
submitted by the Directors to an advisory vote of the Shareholders’ Meeting and (v) during 
consultations pursuant to article 123-ter, paragraph 6 of the TUF, on company policy, matters 
of remuneration of Members of administration bodies, of general Directors and of Executives 
with strategic responsibilities in compliance with the provisions of said regulations.  
Auditing activities are conferred on an auditing firm enrolled in the register of Legal Auditors which 
was appointed by a Shareholders’ General Meeting on a proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors.  
The members of Terna’s Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors as well as Terna’s External 
Auditors are directly and separately appointed by the shareholders at a General Meeting. 
A detailed description of Terna’s corporate governance is provided in the Report on Corporate 
Governance and Ownership Structure published jointly with Terna’s annual report for the year ended 
on 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
In January 2020, the Corporate Governance Committee published a new edition of the Corporate 
Governance Code (the New Corporate Governance Code), which is effective for annual reporting 
periods beginning after 31 December 2020. At the Board of Directors’ meeting of 27 January 2021, the 
Company formally signed up to the new edition of the Code. 
 
The Company’s existing corporate governance is partially in line with the New Corporate Governance 
Code. The Company has begun the process of reviewing its internal governance documents, with the 
aim to comply with the new recommendations according to the New Corporate Governance Code. The 
Company has already adopted certain recommended practices. 
The business address of the Members of Terna’s Board of Directors and Senior Management is Viale 
Egidio Galbani 70, 00156 Rome, Italy. 
Board of Directors  
Terna’s Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Company and has the power to 
take all actions consistent with the corporate purpose described in Terna’s By-laws. 
The members of Terna’s current Board of Directors were elected at the Shareholders’ General Meeting 
held on 18 May 2020. The Board of Directors should remain in office until the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending on 31 December 2022. Currently as to the independence requirements, 
ten Directors qualify as such pursuant to the TUF, of whom eight qualify pursuant to both the TUF and 
the Corporate Governance Code, only two out of the thirteen Directors qualify as independent pursuant 
to the TUF alone. Nine directors were elected from the majority slate submitted by CDP Reti. The Board 
of Directors is currently composed of the following thirteen members:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Position with Terna 
Shareholder list 
Year 
of 
initial 
appointment 
Valentina Bosetti 
Independent as per the 
TUF 
Chairwoman 
non-Executive 
CDP 
2020 
Stefano 
Antonio 
Donnarumma 
Non-Independent 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer and General 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
Alessandra Faella 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
Yunpeng He  
Non-Independent 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2015 
Valentina Canalini 
Independent as per the 
TUF  
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
Ernesto Carbone 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
Giuseppe Ferri 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
Antonella Baldino 
Non-Independent 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2020 
 Fabio Corsico 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
CDP 
2014 
Marco Giorgino 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2019

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
Gabriella Porcelli 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2014 
Paola Giannotti 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director 
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2017 
 Jean-Michel Aubertin 
Independent as per the 
TUF and the Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
non-Executive 
Director  
Group of shareholders 
constituted by asset 
management 
companies and other 
institutional investors 
2020 
 
The principal business activities, experience and other principal Directorships, if any, of each of Terna’s 
current Directors are summarised below.  
 
Valentina Bosetti, Chairwoman 
Born in Milan (Italy) in 1973. 
As of May 2020 is Chairwoman of Terna. 
She is Full Professor at the Department of Economics, Bocconi University and senior researcher at the 
RFF-CMCC European Institute on Economics and the Environment. 
Bosetti holds a PhD in Computational Mathematics and Operation Research from the University of 
Milan (Università Statale di Milano) and a master's degree in Environmental and Resources Economics 
from University College London. 
She worked at the Fondazione Eni Enrico Mattei from 2003 to 2018 and has collaborated with the Euro-
Mediterranean Center on Climate Change (CMCC) since 2006. 
She has been a member of the European Association of Environmental and Resource Economists 
Council and Chairwoman of the Italian Association of Environmental and Resource Economists and 
she has published several papers in the field of climate change economics and innovations in clean 
energy technologies. 
She has received two prestigious European Research Council grants, the first on innovation in clean 
energy technologies and the second to research the uncertainties and risk related to climate change. She 
is a Lead Author for the 5th Assessment Report of the IPCC, and she will be Lead Author for the 6th 
IPCC Assessment Report. 
In 2014/2015 she was a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS) 
at Stanford University. 
She has three children.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
Stefano Antonio Donnarumma, CEO 
Born in Milan (Italy) in 1967. 
He is Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of Terna since May 2020. 
In 1993 he graduated with a first class degree in Mechanical Engineering and, from 1994, was entered 
to the Register of engineers. 
Stefano Antonio Donnarumma, who is married with three children, boasts a consolidated experience in 
industrial management, as regards both production and infrastructure, working at domestic level and on 
international projects. 
From 1994, he worked for approximately 13 years in the field of automobile and railway components 
production and development of rolling stock on behalf of four foreign multinational companies 
(Ruetgers Automotive, TMD Friction, Bombardier, Alstom), also running major railway vehicle 
manufacturing plants located in Italy. 
In 2007 he moved to the public service infrastructure management sector, joining the Acea Group, 
where he was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Acea Distribuzione (Rome electricity networks) 
and director at ATO2 (water networks for Rome and province). 
In September 2012 he entered the Aeroporti di Roma Group (controlled by Gemina, later merged into 
the ATLANTIA group) as Director of Airport Management and Accountable Manager for Fiumicino 
and Ciampino Airports and Director of some of the Group companies. 
In May 2015 he was appointed Director of Networks for the A2A Group, a listed multi-utility company 
based in Milan and Brescia, managing the group’s companies concerned with the distribution of gas, 
electricity, water, district heating, public lighting. On behalf of A2A he is also Chairman of the 
companies Unareti SpA, A2A Calore e Servizi Srl, A2A Ciclo Idrico SpA and a director of the LGH 
SpA Group. 
From May 2017 to May 2020 he was Chief Executive Officer at Acea. 
 
 
Alessandra Faella, Director 
 
Born in Vico Equense (Naples, Italy) in 1982. 
 
Alessandra Faella has been a member of the Board of Directors and of the Remuneration Committee of 
Terna since May 2020.  
 
Industrial manager, she holds a cum laude Economics Degree specialising in innovative and 
technological markets and a Master’s Degree in General Management from Bocconi University in 
Milan, with experience at ESADE Barcelona (Spain) and Chalmers University of Technology 
(Sweden).  
She subsequently completed various international executive programmes in business management 
(General Electric, Corporate Executive Development Program 2014-2016) and digital transformation 
(MIP Business School, Digital Transformation 2019-2021). She has been a certified accountant since 
2010 and Innovation Manager at the Ministry of Economic Development since 2019. 
 
Representative of young entrepreneurs in Federmanager and enrolled in the Italian Association of 
Chartered Accountants, she is active in the field of diversity and inclusion.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
Her corporate experience includes the role of Sales & Operations Manager at Baker Hughes (2016-
2019, Italy), Corporate Executive Program (2014, USA), Marketing & Strategy Manager at General 
Electric (2011-14, Italy). She has gained professional experience in her role as international strategic 
consultant at Bain & Company (2007-2011), where she was involved in turnaround, M&A, 
reorganisation and internationalisation operations for corporate clients in Italy, Germany, Spain, 
Mexico and the UK. She was also an analyst at Accenture, and has worked in marketing and sales for 
leading multinationals such as Henkel, L’Oreal and the Richemont Group. 
 
She is currently the Global Director of Services Sales at the energy technology multinational, Baker 
Hughes FPT, based in Naples. 
 
Yungpeng He, Director 
Born in Baotou City (Inner Mongolia, China) in 1965. 
He has been a Director of Terna since 21 January 2015 and a member of the Company’s Nominations 
Committee since 27 April 2017. 
He holds an undergraduate degree and Master’s Degree in Electrical and Automation Systems from the 
University of Tianjin and a Master’s Degree in Technology Management from Rensselaer Polytechnic 
Institute (RPI).  
He is currently a member of the Boards of CDP Reti, Snam S.p.A., Italgas S.p.A. and IPTO S.A. 
He served as Deputy General Manager of the European Representative Office of the State Grid 
Corporation of China from January 2013 to December 2014. 
He has also held the following key positions in the State Grid Tianjin Electric Power Company: Vice 
Chief Technical Officer (CTO) from December 2008 to September 2012, Manager of the economic and 
legal department from June 2011 to September 2012, Manager of the planning and development 
department from October 2005 to December 2008, and manager of the planning and design department 
from January 2002 to October 2005. 
He was also the Head of Tianjin Binhai Power Company from December 2008 to March 2010 and 
Chairman of the Tianjin Electric Power Design Institute from June 2000 to January 2002. 
 
 
Valentina Canalini, Director 
 
Born in Chieti (Italy) in 1983. 
 
She has been a Director of Terna since 18 May 2020. 
 
A lawyer specialised in the energy sector, she has an Honours Degree in Law from the University of 
Milan and a PhD in “Corporate and Financial Market Law” from the University of Bologna “Alma 
Mater Studiorium”.  
She received the Rising Star Lawyer of the Year award in the energy sector at the Legal community 
Energy Awards 2016 and the Rising Star Italy award for the sector “Energy & Natural Resources” at 
the Euromoney Legal Media Group - Europe Rising Stars Awards. 
 
She is a partner at the associated law firm, Gatti Pavesi e Bianchi, and Chairwoman of the Supervisory 
Board of Cap Holding S.p.A. as well as an advisor to the Municipality of Milan for monitoring and 
analysis of the regulatory framework at national level for the areas of interest to the municipality. 
 
Her professional experience includes the role of Counsel at Gianni Origoni Grippo Cappelli & Partners 
law firm, Rome (2018-2020), as well as that of Legal Advisor to the Cabinet Office (2017-2018), where

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
she collaborated on the analysis of the main dossiers and the drafting and revision of several legislative 
provisions and government acts, playing a coordinating role between the various ministries and the 
Cabinet Office. 
 
During her professional activity, working in several leading Italian and international law firms, she has 
acquired an in-depth experience in regulatory, corporate, administrative and financial law among the 
energy, infrastructure and transport sectors, and in all strategic regulated sectors, both in project finance 
and finance operations as well as in the M&A and corporate sector. As part of these activities, she has 
edited publications and taken part as a speaker at conferences. Moreover, since July 2020, she has taken 
on the role of expert at the civil service department of the Cabinet Office for the Social Innovation Fund. 
She is a recognised expert in the energy, infrastructure and project finance sectors and she has repeatedly 
ranked at the highest levels of the most reputed Italian legal leagues tables. 
 
Ernesto Carbone, Director 
Born in Cosenza (Italy) in 1974. 
He has been a Director of Terna since 18 May 2020. 
He earned a degree in law in 1998 from the University of Bologna and has been a lawyer since 2002. 
In March 2013 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies and became a member of the Sixth Finance 
Committee (2013-2015); member of the First Committee on Constitutional Affairs, the Presidency of 
the Council and the Interior (2015-2018), member of the bicameral anti-mafia committee and member 
of the judicial protection committee of the Chamber (independent administrative body). 
 
Moreover, he is an advisor for the legislative decree on tax simplification, for the public administration 
reform decree law and for the legislative decree on bank crisis management. 
 
He worked for many years in Italian and European institutions. 
 
He has been a Director in various companies including Agecontrol S.p.A., Ismea and SIN S.p.A., as 
well as the Head of Legal and Corporate Affairs for Nomisma S.p.A. 
 
Giuseppe Ferri, Director 
Born in Rome (Italy) in 1967. 
He has been director of Terna since 18 May 2020. 
Giuseppe Ferri is a tenured professor of Business Law at the Law Department of “Tor Vergata” 
University in Rome. 
He is on the editorial boards of the following Law Reviews and publications: Rivista del diritto 
societario (Corporate Law Journal), Il diritto fallimentare e delle societa commerciali (Bankruptcy and 
Public Company Law), Osservatorio di diritto civile e commercial (Civil and Business Law) and Rivista 
di Diritto Bancario (Banking Law Journal). 
 
He is a member of the Business Studies Committee set up by the Italian National Council of Notaries 
(CNN). 
 
He carries out research in the fields of corporate law and bankruptcy and insolvency law, areas in which 
his professional activities are concentrated. 
 
 
Antonella Baldino, Director 
 
Born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
She has been director of Terna since 18 May 2020. 
She holds an Honours Degree in Economics from the Sapienza University in Rome and a Master’s 
Degree in International Economics from the Graduate Institute of International Studies (Geneva). 
Since 2018 she has been the Chief International Development Finance Officer at CDP and a Board 
member of The Marguerite Fund, Credito Sportivo and Fintecna S.p.A.  
 
She joined CDP in 2015, where she held the position of Chief Business Officer until 2018. Previously, 
she had worked for key international financial institutions in the corporate, investment banking and 
research sectors, focusing on infrastructure, as well as public and development finance. Ms Baldino has 
held board positions as non-executive Director for SACE and Simest, independent, non-executive 
Director for Generali Real Estate S.p.A. and Generali Investment Europe SGR (2014-2016), and Deputy 
Chairwoman of the European Long Term Investors Association (2016-2019). 
 
She served as a member of the Senior Advisory Board of the Treasury Department at the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance from 2014 to 2015. She was the Head of Finance for Development for Banca del 
Mezzogiorno - MedioCredito Centrale S.p.A. (2008-2013), Head of Public sector – Corporate & 
Investment Banking of the UniCredit Group (2007-2011) and Head of Institutional Functions – 
Corporate Pipeline – of Capitalia S.p.A. (2005-2007). 
 
Previously, she headed the Research and Strategic Analysis Department at CDP (2004 – 2005) and the 
Research Department at Mediocredito Centrale S.p.A. (1995-2004). 
At the beginning of her career, she served as an economist at the World Bank in the department devoted 
to central west Africa and at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development. 
 
Fabio Corsico, Director 
Born in Turin (Italy) in 1973. 
 
He has been a Director at Terna since 2014, where he is also Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 
and a member of the Nominations Committee. 
 
After completing his classical studies, he earned a degree in Political Science (cum laude). 
In 1997, he was in charge of preparing international reports carried out within the Ministry of Defence 
at the Office of the Diplomatic Advisor to the Minister and at the Military Strategic Studies Centre. 
From 1998 to 2001, he worked for Olivetti/Mannesmann, first in Ivrea and then in Rome, where he 
worked in communications and human resources at Infostrada, before heading Public Affairs. In the 
same period, he represented the company within Assinform and AIP. In 2001 he moved to the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance where he headed the Technical Secretariat of the Treasury Minister, 
Giulio Tremonti. During that same period, he was a member of the Committee for the Introduction of 
the Euro. 
 
In the autumn of 2003, he was hired by Enel to head its Public Affairs Office, overseeing relations 
nationwide and with Confindustria. Since February 2005, he has been Head of External Relations, 
Public Affairs and Development at the Caltagirone Group. For the Caltagirone Holding, he also is also 
responsible for regulatory matters regarding Group companies and overseeing various industrial and 
financial investments. 
 
Fabio Corsico is a member of the Board of Directors of Cementir Holding, “Il Gazzettino”, Terna and 
Europe Assistance. Since 2009 he has been a Senior Advisor of Credit Suisse AG and a member of the 
International Advisory Board of Afiniti. He is also a Senior Advisor of Tikheau Capital. He was a 
member of the Board of Directors of Avio from 2009 to 2010, of Biverbanca and of Consum.it from 
2008 to 2012, of Alleanza Assicurazioni from 2009 to 2011, of Alleanza Toro Assicurazioni from 2011

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
to 2013, of Cueim CRT from 2010 to 2013, Chairman of Orione Investimenti from 2010 to 2012 and 
Director of the Teatro Regio di Torino (Royal Theatre of Turin) from 2010 to 2013. He was a member 
of the Board of Energia from 2012 to 2014 and of Perseo from 2013 to 2014. From 2007 to 2016 he 
was a member of the Board of Directors of Grandi Stazioni and, on behalf of Eurostazioni (Pirelli, 
Benetton, Caltagirone), he worked jointly with the Chief Executive Officer of FS to lead the 
development of the company’s business and subsequent privatisation. From 2005 to 2017 he was a 
Director of the CRT Foundation, where he chaired the Investments Committee and Nominations 
Committee and, from 2007 to 2017, he was the Deputy Chairman of Fondazione Sviluppo & Crescita 
(Development & Growth Foundation). He has been a Director of NTV (Italo), where he represented 
equity partners in the development and sale of the company and Deputy Chairman of Equiter (2014-
2018). He was a founding member of Aspen Junior Fellows, the Council for the United States and Italy 
Juniors and is on the Board of two magazines (Zero and Formiche). He is currently a member of the 
Board of Centro Studi Americani and of Fondazione per l’Arte CRT. 
 
In 1998 for the Franco Angeli publishing house, he edited the volume entitled “Interessi nazionali e 
Identita italiana” (National Interest and Italian Identity) forming part of the Strategic Studies series. In 
2011, together with Paolo Messa, he co-authored the book “Da Frenkenstein a Principe Azzurro, breve 
storia delle fondazioni bancarie” (From Frankenstein to Prince Charming, a short history of banking 
foundations) for Marsilio, with a preface written by Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. In December 2015, together 
with Bernardo Bertoldi, he published a book entitled “Manager di famiglia” for Sole 24 Ore. Together 
with Prof. Gros Pietro, he directs the Master in Family Business Management programme at the Luiss 
University in Rome, where he is also an adjunct professor in Family Business. 
 
Marco Giorgino, Director 
Born in Bari (Italy) in 1969. 
Since 2019 he has been a member of the Board of Directors at Terna, where he is also Chairman of the 
Related Party Transactions Committee and a member of the Audit, Risk, Corporate Governance and 
Sustainability Committee. 
 
Holding a cum laude Degree in Business Administration received in 1991 from Bocconi University, he 
has been a Full Professor at the Polytechnic Institute in Milan since 2004, where he holds the Chair of 
Financial Risk Management and Financial Markets and Institutions for the Master’s Degree in 
Management Engineering. 
 
He has garnered nearly thirty years of experience in the field of research and training and has 
coordinated numerous projects leading to more than 120 publications at national and international level 
on banking and finance topics. Most recently, he has published articles on matters relating to governance 
and risk management, both for industrial companies and investment firms, and on topics relating to 
digital innovation in banking and financial services. 
 
He has headed and continues to head numerous master programmes including: MBA Program, Master 
in Financial Risk Management, Master in Private Equity in partnership with Borsa ltaliana and Master 
in Corporate and Investment Banking. He is the Scientific Director of the Finance Department of the 
MIP Graduate School of Business. 
 
He carries out numerous management-level training seminars for Italian and international banking 
groups, institutional investors and industrial groups and provides consultancy in the areas of corporate 
financial analysis, extraordinary financial operations and governance and risk management systems. He 
is the Scientific Director of the Fintech & Insurtech Observatory and of the Corporate Governance 
Observatory of the Polytechnic Institute in Milan. He sits on the Scientific Committee of the Advanced 
Training School “Luigi Martino”, is a member of the Milan Board of Certified Accountants and a

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
member of the Board of the Association of Members of Supervisory Bodies as per Legislative Decree 
231/01 (AODV 231). 
Mr Giorgino has served and still serves as a director and statutory auditor in listed and nonlisted banking 
and industrial companies as well as a member of oversight bodies. He is currently an independent 
Director and Chairman of the Risk Committee of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, included on the 
slate proposed by Generali, and an independent Director of Terna, included on the slate put forward by 
Assogestioni. In the past he served as an independent Director of the Luxottica Group, GE Capital 
Interbanca and Mediolanum Gestione Fondi SGR. 
 
He has written articles for the Italian business daily, Il Sole 24 Ore, and been a guest columnist and 
speaker for television channels (RAI, SKY, La7, CLASS CNBC, etc.). He has been a speaker at more 
than one hundred and fifty conferences and seminars on corporate finance and financial markets, 
corporate governance, risk management and digital innovation in banking and financial services. 
 
 
Gabriella Porcelli, Director 
 
Born in Rome (Italy) in 1965. 
 
She has been a Director of Terna since 27 May 2014 and is Chairwoman of the Nominations Committee 
as well as a member of the Remuneration Committee. 
 
A lawyer and business manager, Ms Porcelli currently holds the position of General Counsel, 
Worldwide IP, Ethics, Compliance Director for FENDI, where she is also responsible for the Public 
Affairs department. 
Gabriella Porcelli has a cum laude Degree in Law from “La Sapienza” University in Rome, and has 
been a member of the Italian Bar Association since 1991. She also has a Master’s in Common Law 
(European Young Lawyers Scheme) promoted by the British Council and has attended advanced 
international courses on business and corporate law, including at INSEAD (France). She has developed 
her professional experience in international trade and corporate law as well as in antitrust and corporate 
criminal law, advocating compliance, anticorruption and antitrust programmes also as a member of 
supervisory bodies pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
In past years she successfully focused on furthering and enhancing her experience in the field of 
Corporate Governance and has practiced at law firms in both Italy and the UK (1991-1994). She was 
also an Official of Confcommercio (1989-1991) in the area of Public Affairs and Relations with the 
EU, with her efforts focusing on structural funds for the tourism industry. Her experience in companies 
includes: Senior Legal Advisor at ENI-Agip S.p.A. and, afterwards, at Agip Petroli S.p.A. (1994-1998); 
Associate Director Pfizer Italia S.r.l. (1998-2008) and from 2009 to 2017 in Philip Morris Italia S.r.l. 
as Legal Affairs Manager. 
In 2018 she took on the role of Global General Counsel in the Trans Adriatic Pipeline – an international 
consortium of gas operators headquartered in Switzerland with operations in Italy, Albania and Greece 
– before taking charge in May 2019 of the Legal, IP, Compliance & Public Affairs Department at 
FENDI. 
 
She is committed to promoting the role of women managers in companies, as borne out by her three 
years as Deputy Chairwoman of ValoreD, established in 2009 as the first association of Italian 
companies with the goal of promoting gender balance and a culture of inclusiveness in organisations. 
She is a member of the teaching staff for the Master in Fashion Law at the LUISS University, a 
contributor to the Masters in Compliance offered by the LUISS Business School and General Counsel 
to AIGI, Italian Association of Corporate Lawyers. 
 
 
Paola Giannotti, Director 
 
Born in Alessandria (Italy) in 1962.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
 
Since 2017, she has been a Director at TERNA, where she is also Chairwoman of the Audit, Risk, 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee as well as a member of the Related Party 
Transactions Committee. 
Married, with two children, Paola Giannotti DePonti holds an Honours Degree in Political Economics 
from Bocconi University in Milan. She also studied finance at Universitat zu Koln (Cologne, Germany) 
and at New York University. She is a Board member and Chairwoman of the Audit and Risk Committee 
of Terna and of TIM S.p.A.; member of the Board of Directors of FinecoBank S.p.A., where she is also 
a member of the Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. She boasts more than 30 years of 
international experience in the financial sector, and specifically in Corporate and Investment Banking 
where, between New York, London, Milan, Rome, Frankfurt and Paris, she has held various roles in 
leading worldwide institutions such as Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, Dresdner Bank and BNP Paribas. 
She began her professional career in 1986 as a financial analyst at Montedison S.p.A. (1986-1987) and 
then at Sviluppo Finanziaria S.p.A. in Milan (1988-1989). She was also a business analyst at the Mac 
Group providing strategic consulting (1987-1988). From 1989 to 1998 she worked for Morgan Stanley 
at its London office, initially as a corporate finance analyst and thereafter as head of operations in 
Portugal. 
 
In New York she worked in the equity capital markets department, before moving to Milan to focus on 
developing the Italian customer base at the Milan office and talking charge of the financial institutions 
department. From 1998 to 2003 she worked in London as the Managing Director responsible for the 
Italian investment banking business in Italy first for Citigroup and then for Dresdner Kleinwort 
Wasserstein, where she was a member of the Committee of European Managing Directors and the 
European Board of Country Heads as well as a member of the Board of Directors of Dresdner Kleinwort 
Wasserstein SGR. From 2003 to 2013, she was the Managing Director at BNP Paribas in Milan, 
responsible for managing and developing the strategic client portfolio (Enel, ENI, Terna, Poste, 
Ferrovie, Leonardo, Telecom Italia, MEF) as well as managing clients in the energy, gas and oil sectors. 
She has also been a member of the European Senior Banker Committee and the Italian Executive 
Committee. 
 
In 2015 she became a Board member of Ansaldo STS S.p.A. and in 2016 a member of the Supervisory 
Board of UBI Banca S.p.A., where she also served Chairwoman of the Risk Committee. Other 
companies in which she has been a Board member include: ICF Group S.p.A., ESP Equita PEP SPAC 
S.p.A., EPS Equita PEP SPAC2 S.p.A. and Illimity SGR S.p.A. 
In 2002 she received the Bellisario Foundation award as Manager of the Year. From 2000 to 2012 she 
was a member of the Council for the United States and Italy, under the honorary chairmanship of David 
Rockefeller. 
 
In 2019 Forbes magazine included her on the list of the 100 most powerful women in Italy. She is fluent 
in Italian, English and French and has a good command of Spanish. 
 
 
Aubertin Jean-Michel, Director 
 
Born in Nizza (France) in 1958. 
Mr Aubertin has been a member of the Board of Directors and of the Nominations Committee of Terna 
since 18 May 2020. 
 
With a degree in engineering from the Ecole Nationale Superieure de l’Aeronautique et de l’Espace 
(National Higher French Institute of Aeronautics and Space), he boasts extensive experience in business 
transformation, international business development, and global operations management (Europe, Asia, 
US).

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
He has held the office of Operating Advisor at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, a leading US private equity 
firm, since July 2018. 
 
From 1994 to present, his experience includes Chief Executive Officer of CG Power Systems in 
Belgium and Doosan Power Systems Ltd. In the UK; Executive Director of the Alstom Energy & 
Environment Systems Group in Switzerland and Chairman of the Telecommunications Satellite 
Division at EADS Astrium in the UK. 
Control and Risk, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, Remuneration Committee, 
Related-Party Transactions Committees and Appointments Committee  
As recommended by the Code of Conduct, in 2004 Terna’s Board of Directors established an Internal 
Control Committee (currently named “Control and Risk, Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee”) which is mainly responsible for assessing the adequacy of its internal control system and 
accounting standards as well as for the relations with External Auditors adding to the competences of 
the latter those relative to the system of corporate governance. It mainly advises, assists and makes 
proposals to Terna’s Board of Directors with respect to all such matters. The Control and Risk, 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is currently composed of non-Executive Directors 
and all of them are independent Directors.  
Since 2004 Terna’s Board of Directors has also established a specific “Remuneration Committee”. The 
duties of Remuneration Committee have been identified in line with the provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code of reference, and the methods for holding meetings are governed by the specific 
internal Organisational Regulations adopted by the Board of Directors on 24 January 2007 and 
thereafter updated on 9 November 2011 and on 19 December 2012, to comply with the provisions of 
the Corporate Governance Code. More specifically, the duties of the Committee are: (i) related to the 
remuneration policy of the Directors and Executives with strategic responsibilities; (ii) related to the 
proposals and opinions for the remuneration of Executive Directors and other Directors holding specific 
roles; (iii) related to the fixing of performance objectives linked to the variable part of this remuneration; 
(iv) monitoring the application of the decisions taken by the Board; and (v) verifying the effective 
achievement of performance targets.  
In particular, on 9 November 2011, the Board of Directors approved amendments to “Terna S.p.A.’s 
Organizational Rules for the Remuneration Committee” adopted in order to ensure full consistency with 
the indications of the Corporate Governance Code.  Furthermore, the provisions pertaining to the 
composition and responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee were updated with particular 
reference to: (i) the scope of responsibility of the Committee in relation to the general policy adopted 
for remuneration (ii) the definition of proposals for remuneration of the Executive Directors and other 
Directors covering particular offices as well as (iii) the setting of performance objectives associated to 
the variable component of said remuneration, (iv) the monitoring of the application of decisions taken 
by the Board of Directors, and (v) the verification of the actual achievement of performance objectives. 
In the meeting held on 19 December 2012, the Board of Directors resolved on adjustments to the 
competences of the committees implementing the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code, 
approving the modifications to the related organizational regulations without changing the Members. 
As a result, the “Internal Control Committee”, already instituted, changed its name into “Control and 
Risk Committee” and took over the activities provided by the new provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code. Following the renewal of the entire Board of Directors, in the meeting of 27 May 
2014, with a view to continuous improvement of the corporate governance system, the Board of 
Directors expanded the duties of the Control and Risk Committee, adding to the latter’s duties those 
related to the corporate governance system and making the consequent changes to the Organisational 
Regulation appointing the Members in keeping with the indications of the Corporate Governance Code 
according to what was communicated to the market on the same date. Consequently, the “Control and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
Risk Committee” was renamed the “Control, Risk and Corporate Governance Committee”. The 
responsibilities indicated were subsequently added to said Committee and the Committee was also 
assigned tasks relative to Sustainability. A resolution on 15 December 2016 made the consequent 
amendments to the Committee’s Organisational Regulations (now known as “Organisational 
Regulations of the Terna S.p.A. Audit and Risk, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee”). 
During 2010, the Board of Directors created another committee having advisory and consulting tasks, 
formed by at least three Directors, all independent, according to the provisions of the Corporate 
Governance Code with the task of expressing its preliminary opinion necessary for the adoption of the 
“Procedure for Related Party Transactions” as established in accordance with CONSOB Regulation No. 
17221 of 12 March 2010, as amended. 
On 12 November 2010, the Board of Directors identified in this committee, which is completely formed 
by Non-Executive, independent Directors as established by the Corporate Governance Code, the body 
in charge of carrying out the role required by the above-mentioned regulations both for approving 
transactions of greater importance and those of lesser importance as indicated in Terna’s procedures. 
The Committee for Transactions with Related Parties is entrusted with preliminary, advisory and 
consulting tasks and powers for the evaluation and the decision-making in the above-mentioned 
Transactions with Related Parties as well as regarding possible amendment proposal to the Procedure 
adopted by Terna. 
At present, the Related-Party Transactions Committee is composed of non-executive and independent 
Directors. 
The composition of these Committees is in line with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code 
and Code of Conduct. 
Manager in charge of drafting financial reports 
In accordance with the TUF, Terna’s By-laws provide for the appointment of a Manager responsible 
for the preparation of financial reports by the Board of Directors subject to the approval of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors. 
This Manager’s tasks include the implementation of appropriate administrative and accounting 
procedures for the preparation of the Annual Accounts and the Consolidated Accounts and every other 
disclosure of a financial nature. 
Internal Auditing System 
As recommended by the Corporate Governance Code, Terna’s Board of Directors established an 
Internal Auditing System aimed at controlling and ensuring the fair management of the company, in 
line with its corporate purposes. 
Organizational Model under Legislative Decree No.231/2001 
Terna has adopted an Organizational and Management Model, a compliance programme in order to 
prevent certain criminal offences and a Code of Ethics for the Directors, employees and others acting 
on Terna’s behalf. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
The current Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, who were elected by Terna’s general 
Shareholders’ Meeting held on 18 May 2020, and who will remain in office until the approval of the 
financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2022, are the following:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Year of initial appointment  
Mario Matteo Busso 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
2020 
Vincenzo Simone 
Standing Auditor 
2014 
Raffaella Fantini 
Standing Auditor 
2020 
Barbara Zanardi 
Alternate Auditor 
2020 
Massimiliano Ghizzi 
Alternate Auditor 
2020 
Maria Assunta Damiano  
Alternate Auditor 
2020 
The principal business activities, experience and other principal positions, if any, of each of Terna’s 
current Statutory Auditors are summarised below. 
 
 
Mario Matteo Busso, Chairman 
Born in Turin (Italy) in 1951. 
 
Mr Busso has been Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terna since 18 May 2020. 
 
Mario Matteo Busso is a chartered accountant, a statutory auditor and an independent director. He 
graduated in Economics and Business and has a Master in Business Administration. He began his career 
at Industrial National Bank in the United States, was a partner at Arthur Andersen and a member of the 
Andersen Worldwide Advisory Council and the Italian Partner Affairs Group. Whilst working with the 
Deloitte network, he was the Partner responsible for the FSI Audit Division and a member of the Audit 
Management Team. He has significant experience in conducting audit engagements and the certification 
of financial statements for multinational companies listed on major stock exchanges in Italy, the USA, 
the Uk and Spain. 
 
He is a director and auditor at public interest at public interest entities, including listed and regulated 
companies. In this role, he has wide experience in corporate governance, having indepth knowledge of 
the relevant legislation and of the Corporate Governance Code adopted by Borsa Italiana. 
 
As a board member, he has held a range of key governance roles: partner at and audit firm, chairman of 
boards of statutory auditors, independent director and the chair of board committees. 
 
He holds the following positions: Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terna, CEPAV 1 and 
CEPAV2, Consorzio ENI per l’Alta Velocità, International Energy Services; Statutory Auditor of Avio, 
Liftt, Way and Quasare Compagnia Sanpaolo; independent director at Circolo Stampa and Italy’s 
National Academy of Accountants. 
 
He has held the following positions: Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Saipem, 
Ersel Sim and IOR; a Statutory Auditor at Ersel Investimenti, Banca di Azzoaglio, Fondamenta 
SGR, permico; and an independent director at FCA Bank.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
 
 
Vincenzo Simone, Standing Auditor 
 
Born in Padula (Salerno, Italy) in 1960. 
 
Mr Simone has been a Standing Auditor of Terna since May 2014. 
A graduate in Economics from Salerno University, Mr Simone is a practising chartered accountant with 
an office in Potenza. He is also enrolled in the Order of Chartered Accountants of Potenza and the 
Register of Auditors. 
 
He began his professional career in 1990 and, since 2002, has been the majority shareholder and a 
consultant for a firm that provides corporate, financial and tax consultancy services. 
Since May 2017, he has been a member of the Board of Statutory Auditors, responsible for auditing the 
accounts of the Federation of Cooperative Credit Banks of Puglia and Basilicata and, since December 
2019, a member of the Board of Auditors of the Italian Medicines Agency - AIFA - and, since December 
2019, a member of the Committee of Supporting Bodies of the Organismo Confidi Minori and, since 
December 2019, a member of the Committee of Supporting Entities of the Organisation of Smaller 
Credit Guarantee Consortia, based in Rome. 
 
As part of his professional activities he has held directorships at commercial companies, also in the role 
of executive director, and has been a member of the boards of statutory auditors in companies, public 
entities, economic public entities and banks. He has acted as a management consultant for Collective 
Loan Guarantee Consortia, and has been an official receiver, a liquidator, and a technical expert 
appointed by the Court of Potenza and the Consortium for Industrial Development. He has also been a 
member of the Technical Committee set up by the loan consortium, Consorzio FIDI. He has prepared 
expert opinions and valuations of companies and business units also in connection with corporate 
actions (transformations, mergers, demergers - including banks - contributions and liquidations). 
 
Raffaella Fantini, Standing Auditor 
Born in Florence (Italy) in 1969. 
Ms Fantini has been a member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terna since 18 May 2020.  
A graduate in Economics from Florence University, she is a practising chartered accountant with an 
office in Florence and is enrolled in the Register of Auditors. She has been working in the field of tax, 
financial and business consulting since 1999. She is a member of Boards of Statutory Auditors of 
companies operating in the industrial/commercial, hotel and real estate sectors, and also a member of 
Boards of Statutory Auditors of banks and social security institutions. During her career, she has 
prepared expert reports and valuations of companies and business units, and has gained experience of 
extraordinary corporate transactions (transformations, mergers, demergers, contributions and 
liquidations). 
Conflicts of Interest 
No potential conflicts of interest have been declared between any duties to Terna of Terna’s Board of 
Directors, Statutory Auditors or Management and the private interest and/or other duties of such 
persons. No member of Terna’s Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors or Management 
declared to have or have had any interest in any transactions that are or were unusual in their nature or 
conditions and are or were significant to its business.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
EXTERNAL AUDITORS  
Under Italian securities regulations, Terna’s accounts must be audited by External Auditors appointed 
by the shareholders. Pursuant to the TUF, the engagement shall last for nine financial years and cannot 
be renewed if at least four years have not elapsed from the termination of the previous engagement. In 
the event of renewal, the person responsible for the audit must be replaced by another person.  
At the general Shareholders’ Meeting of 8 May 2019, Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed as 
external statutory auditor for the financial years 2020 to 2028 in accordance with the proposal of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES  
As of 31 December 2020, the employees of the Terna Group numbered 4,735. 
The new Terna Group Development and Job Families System has been implemented in order to 
guarantee an adequate succession planning process and support development activities aimed at 
ensuring that positions are effectively covered. It represents an integrated management and 
development system that makes it possible to: 
 
monitor and develop corporate know-how; 
 
optimize the mobility process between different job families; and 
 
respond to business and organization developments, effectively and quickly. 
Furthermore, Management and People Review processes are being implemented through which 
evaluating and tracking the talent pool in order to support the definition of targeted development plans 
and identify resources for succession plans to main managerial positions. 
Connected to the Job Families System, the training model is based on the transfer of specialist know-
how that is entrusted to the most experienced staff of the internal Faculty and external collaborations 
(with universities and business schools) in order to ensure multiple teaching inputs. 
Moreover, to support the process of finding new resources and create a virtuous circle of exchange 
between the Company and the outside world, Terna has entered into agreements with leading Italian 
universities and business schools, funding the creation of specialised Masters courses. 
 
In 2020, more than 60 per cent. of employees were involved in a skills assessment process with the aim 
of defining a skills development path; on an overall level, the results of the skill assessment process 
represent the value of Terna's know-how and feeds the Company's training plan. The skills assessment 
process will be extended in 2021 to all employees. 
During 2020, over 132,000 hours of training were provided, primarily focused on professional and 
technical and operational skills (for example, multi-skills), transmitting highly specialised know-how 
(for example, high voltage working), ensuring compliance with HSE, GDPR, anticorruption and 
statutory 231 requirements, and integrating newly hired personnel.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
Share ownership by Directors and employees  
Currently, Terna has no share ownership guidelines. Information on interests of members of 
management and oversight bodies, general managers and key management personnel are in the Report 
on the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Paid, form 7-ter, which is published annually.  
The new Terms and Conditions of the Performance Share Plan 2020-2023 were approved by the Board 
of Directors on 29 July 2020, in implementation of the terms established by the Annual General Meeting 
of shareholders held on 18 May 2020. 
The LTI Plan 2020-2023 involves the grant of the right to the award of a certain number of shares in 
Terna (Performance Shares) free of charge at the end of a performance period, provided that the 
performance objectives to which the Plan is linked have been achieved. 
SHARE CAPITAL OF TERNA, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS 
Share capital 
As of 31 March 2021, CDP RETI holds 29.851 per cent. of Terna’s share capital.  
Terna is subject to the de facto control of CDP, (through its subsidiary CDP RETI), as ascertained in 
2007. 
Major shareholders10 
CDP RETI  
CDP RETI is Terna’s main shareholder holding 29.851 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. CDP RETI is 
an investment vehicle established in October 2012 whose shares are owned by, respectively, CDP (59.1 
per cent.), State Grid Europe Limited (35 per cent.), a company owned by State Grid Corporation of 
China and the remainder by Italian institutional investors (5.9 per cent.).  
CDP RETI’s mission is to manage the holdings in Snam, Italgas and Terna monitoring the infrastructure 
they operate to ensure it is developed and maintained appropriately, and developing the necessary 
expertise in gas transport, dispatching, distribution, regasification and storage, and electricity 
transmission, in order to oversee its investments most effectively.  
CDP is a joint-stock company under public control, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance holding 
82.77 per cent. and a broad group of bank foundations holding 15.93 per cent., the remaining 1.3 per 
cent. in treasury shares.  
Lazard Asset Management LLC  
On the basis of the information available and CONSOB disclosures, Lazard Asset Management LLC 
owns 5.122 per cent. of the total Terna share capital. 
Limitations on shareholding  
The transfer of Terna’s shares is not subject to any restrictions other than those contained in the 
shareholders’ agreement signed by CDP, SGEL and SGID, last updated on 23 May 2017 and in the By-
laws or as contemplated by the terms of this document. Pursuant to article 6.3 of the By-laws in force, 
                                                     
10 Shareholders participating in the share capital of Terna in excess of the major thresholds indicated by CONSOB 
Resolution n.11971/99, on the basis of the information available and CONSOB disclosures.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
with the exception of the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or entities controlled by any 
of them), no one can own, for any purpose, more than 5 per cent of Terna’s share capital. A shareholder 
who owns, directly or indirectly, shares that in the aggregate constitute more than 5 per cent of Terna’s 
share capital may not exercise its vote with regards to the excess shares. If a shareholder votes its shares 
in violation of the By-laws, the relevant resolution of the relevant Shareholders’ Meeting may be 
contested if the required majority would not have been reached but for the votes attributed to such 
excess shares. However, the shares may be counted for the purposes of determining whether the 
Shareholders’ Meeting has achieved a quorum. 
Pursuant to the relevant provision of the By-laws, shares that count towards the above limit include 
shares owned by (i) entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by the shareholder (as well as shares 
controlled by any of these controlled entities), (ii) fiduciaries and/or intermediary entities, (iii) affiliates 
of the shareholder and (iv) related persons of the shareholder. Related persons of the shareholder include 
legal spouses or blood relatives up to the second degree. 
Pursuant to the DPCM, the By-laws were amended in order to (i) prohibit any company that is involved 
in the production, import, distribution, sale or transmission of electricity (or which controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, any such company) and that owns more than 5 per cent. 
of the shares of Terna, from voting shares that exceed 5 per cent. of the voting share capital in the 
election of the Terna’s Directors and (ii) in accordance with Law Decree 31 May 1994 No. 332 
converted into Law No. 474/94 (hereinafter referred to as the Privatisation Law), prohibit any person 
except for the Italian Government or State or local authorities (or entities controlled by any of them) 
from holding more than 5 per cent. of Terna’s share capital. However, according to the Privatisation 
Law, this limitation on shareholding does not apply in the case of a public tender offer that has the 
purpose of acquiring the entire outstanding share capital in accordance with articles 106 and 107 of the 
TUF. See also “Legislative and Regulatory Framework” above. 
In order to provide a more complete information set, please note that the By-laws do not provide for 
multiple-vote shares (under the terms of Art. 127-sexies of TUF) or increased-vote shares (under the 
terms of Art.127- quinquies of TUF).  
Golden powers 
As a result of abrogation of the rules contained in Art. 2, paragraph 1 of the Privatisation Law on the 
subject of “special powers” exercisable by the Italian State (represented, to this end, by the Ministry for 
the Economy and Finance, irrespective of the quantity of any Terna shares held by such Ministry), 
which occurred with entry into force of Law Decree no. 21 of 15 March 2012, converted into law by 
Art. 1, paragraph 1 of Italian Law No. 56 of 11 May 2012 (the Golden Power Decree) and its 
implementing decrees, the clauses on the subject of “special powers” present in Terna’s By-laws ceased 
to have effect, and were eliminated with a resolution of Terna’s Board of Directors of 18 December 
2014.  
On the basis of the provisions of the Golden Power Decree, Italian Parliament in fact laid down new 
provisions on the special powers of the Italian Government in relation to strategic activities in the 
energy, transport and communications industries, in order to standardise national legislation with the 
legislation of the European Union, assigning the Italian Government powers of intervention to protect 
the lawful, essential and strategic interests of the country. The Golden Power Decree was subsequently 
amended taking into account as well the implementation of a common framework for direct investment 
screening at the European Union level and the legislative changes adopted in 2020 spring to respond to 
the market volatility linked to the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The normative changes, in particular, were brought about by two different trends. On one hand, as a 
response to the financial crisis of 2008 and to the increasing international tensions, the European Union

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
adopted a common framework on foreign direct investments by way of EU Regulation no. 452/2019. 
Italy has already partially complied with it, issuing, in September 2019, Law Decree no. 105/2019, 
notwithstanding the continuing lack of the necessary implementing regulations to be adopted through 
specific Decrees of the President of the Council of Ministers. The common framework set forth at EU 
level has entered into force on October 11, 2020.  On the other hand, further regulatory changes have 
been enacted last spring in Italy by means of Law Decree no. 23/2020, following the invitation made 
by the European Commission, which, in its Communication dated 26 March 2020, urged Member States 
“to make full use, as of now, of the control mechanisms for foreign direct investments” in order to guard 
against the risk of attempts to acquire strategic businesses and assets during the COVID-19 health 
emergency, with the consequent “loss of critical resources and technologies”). 
 
The economic sectors/targets in/with respect to which the Italian Government may exercise its special 
powers pursuant to Law Decree no. 21/2012, as amended, are:  
(i) defence and national security (art. 1 of Law Decree no. 21/2012); 
(ii) electronic broadband communication services based on 5G technology (art. 1-bis of Law 
Decree no. 21/2012); 
(iii) energy, transport and communications (art. 2 of Law Decree no. 21/2012); and 
(iv) the economic sectors/targets listed in art. 4 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 to which art. 2, para. 
1-ter, of Law Decree no. 21/2012 refers since its amendment through Law Decree no. 
105/201911.  
 
For the purpose of applying the “golden powers” regulation, criteria to identify relevant targets have 
been further defined by specific implementation decrees (so called D.P.C.M.) for some of the sectors 
mentioned above (e.g. that is the case in the defence and national security sectors, as well as in the 
energy, transport and communication sectors). For the sectors lastly included by Law Decree no. 
105/2019 (i.e. critical infrastructures, critical technologies and the other sectors included by reference 
to art. 4 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019) this has been done recently. 
 
Indeed, on 30 December 2020 two decrees of the President of the Council of ministers identifying (i) 
the assets and relationships of national interest in the sectors mentioned by art. 4 of EU Regulation no. 
452/2019 (D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020) and (ii) the relevant assets in the energy, transport and 
communication sectors (D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020) were published in the Official Gazette. Both the 
decrees entered into force on 14 January 2021.  
 
On one side, the decree no. 179/2020 identifies for the first time the assets and the capital relationships 
deemed as strategic in the so called “European” sectors to which the “Golden Powers” rules have been 
recently extended by Law Decree no. 23/2020. It is worth noting that among the main sectors affected 
by the newly enacted implementing regulation are: (i) energy, (ii) water, (iii) health, (iv) treatment, 
storage, access and control of sensitive data and information, (v) electoral infrastructure, (vi) finance, 
including credit and insurance, and financial market infrastructure, (vii) artificial intelligence, robotics, 
semiconductors, cybersecurity, nanotechnologies and biotechnologies, (viii) non-military aerospace 
infrastructure and technologies, and (ix) supply of critical input and food security, (x) dual use items, 
(xi) freedom and pluralism of the media.  
 
                                                     
11 That is, the Italian Government also considers potential effects by investment on:  
a) 
“critical infrastructures, whether physical or virtual, including energy, transport, water, health, communications, media, data 
processing or storage, aerospace, defense, electoral or financial infrastructures, and sensitive infrastructures, as well as land and 
real estate crucial for the use of such infrastructure”; 
b) 
“critical technologies and dual-use items (...) including artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, cybersecurity, aerospace, 
defence, energy storage, quantum and nuclear technologies as well as nanotechnologies and biotechnologies”; 
c) 
“supply of critical inputs including energy or raw materials, as well as food security”; 
d) 
“access to sensitive information, including personal data, or the ability to control sensitive information”; 
e) 
“the freedom and pluralism of the media”.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
On the other side, Decree no. 180/2020 updates the implementing regulation laid out by Presidential 
Decree no. 85/201412 as to the identification of relevant assets in the network industries, whose 
discipline is almost entirely reiterated with some minor modifications. 
 
With reference to the recently approved implementing decrees, it is worth highlighting the following: 
a) The assets described are identified in those new sectors mentioned by EU Regulation in addition 
to the relevant assets already described in the implementing decrees of the “Golden Powers” 
rules. With specific reference to energy sector, the assets listed under Decree no. 179/2020 are 
additional to those identified by Decree no. 180/2020. More specifically, the following assets 
are deemed to be relevant: critical infrastructure hosting fuels, nuclear materials or radioactive 
waste (including the properties, the technologies and the infrastructure involved in the 
management and transportation cycle of these material and waste); coastal storage of petroleum 
and natural gas storage infrastructures having a certain capacity; some oil pipelines; critical 
technologies for the management of the wholesale market of natural gas and electricity. It is 
also identified a residual category, characterized by the co-existence of two quantitative 
thresholds: reference is made to the strategic economic activities carried out in the energy sector 
by companies having a net yearly turnover of at least Euro 300,000,000.00 and a yearly average 
number of employees equal, at least, to 250 units. 
b) Some exclusions from the concrete scope of application of the regulation and from the 
possibility to exercise the special powers of the Italian Government are set forth by the Decree 
No. 179/2020 under scrutiny: in particular, it is worth mentioning (i) a specific sectorial 
regulation in cases where there is a specific concession or privilege granted to private 
companies which may derive from the agreements between public authorities and private 
companies, as well as (ii) certain intra-group transactions.  Notwithstanding a regulatory choice 
that takes into account the existence of lower risks, even in these events, the relevant 
transactions will still have to be notified in accordance with the timing and modalities governed 
by Law Decree no. 21/2012. 
c) D.P.C.M. no. 179/2020 outlines the scope of application of the regulation on the special powers 
of the State through the definition of “critical infrastructures”, “critical technologies”, “critical 
production factors”, “critical information” and “strategic relationships”. The common 
denominator of these concepts is their essential nature for the maintaining of the vital functions 
of the society, the health, the safety and the economic and social wellbeing of the population. 
d) With reference to the most notable innovations to the existing legal framework brought about 
by the D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020 in the network industries, having separately identified the 
relevant assets for the energy sector in the energy networks of national interest and in the 
relating agreements (i.e., agreements between public authorities and private companies related 
to energy networks of national interest), as specified by the decree itself, the decree at hand 
includes also the fundamental real estate properties needed to use the strategic networks and 
infrastructures. These properties are identified in light of the existence of a clear functionality 
link. Relevant assets pursuant to Art. 1 of decree no. 180/2020 include: (a) national natural gas 
transportation network and related compression stations and dispatching centers, as identified 
pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of May 23, 2000, as well as gas storage 
facilities; (b) electricity and gas supply infrastructure from other States, including onshore and 
offshore LNG regasification plants; (c) national electricity transmission grid and related control 
and dispatching facilities; (d) management activities and key properties related to the use of the 
networks and infrastructures referred to in letters (a), (b) and (c) above. 
                                                     
12 It ceased to be effective when the implementing decree. no. 180/2020 entered into force on January 14, 2021.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
e) Art. 2 of D.P.C.M. no. 180/2020 identifies the strategic networks and plants in the transport 
sector, namely the major networks and plants of national interest that are functional to ensure 
the most important trans-European connections (and the relating agreements). In addition to the 
existing regulatory framework, the new decree lists among the relevant assets also the national 
spaceports (in accordance with the governmental policies on “space economy”), the interports 
of national relevance and the road and highway network of national interest. 
 
With respect to the scope of “golden power” regulations, it should be noted that the provisions 
introduced by Article 15 of Law Decree no. 23/2020 strengthened the enforceability and expanded the 
scope of the special powers granted to the Italian Government on foreign investments, making fully 
effective the extension of the scope of the “golden powers” in line with the EU Regulation. Law Decree 
no. 23/2020 has, in fact, introduced some temporary provisions aimed at preventing that the adverse 
economic situation, linked to the ongoing COVID-19 health emergency, allows predatory acquisitions 
in strategic European sectors. Nonetheless, it also introduced some permanent measures. The time limit 
for the temporary provisions originally set by Law Decree no. 23/2020 on 31st December 2020, has 
been extended several times by the Italian Parliament and is now set on 31 December 2021. 
 
In particular, the main temporary provisions in force until 31 December 2021 can be summarized as 
follows: 
 
a) Companies holding assets or with relationships relating to the sectors listed in para. 1 of art. 4 
of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 are required to make a filing to the Presidency of the Council 
of Ministers also in the event of acts, resolutions or transactions implying a change in 
ownership, control or availability of relevant assets; 
b) The scope of relevant acquisitions of equity stakes in companies that are active in the sectors 
listed in para. 1 of art. 4 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 have been extended in order to 
comprise any acquisition by foreign entities (both EU and non-EU entities) of controlling 
interests in companies owning any relevant asset, if such equity investment(s) imply a “stable 
position” of the purchaser, due to its control of the company; 
c) Furthermore, non-EU entities are required to make a filing to the Presidency of the Council of 
Ministers in relation to any acquisition of interests in companies owning any relevant asset in 
the sectors listed in para. 1 of art. 4 of EU Regulation no. 452/2019 “which grant voting rights 
or a portion of the corporate capital of at least 10 per cent, taking into account shares or quotas 
already directly or indirectly held and whose overall investment value is equal to or higher than 
Euro 1 Million”, or those resulting “in the exceeding of 15 per cent, 20 per cent, 25 per cent or 
50 per cent thresholds”.  
 
In order to allow the Italian Government to evaluate whether to exercise or not the special powers under 
Law Decree no. 21/2012, the companies operating in the strategic sectors listed above are required to 
make a filing to the Presidency of the Council of Ministers in connection with the occurrence of specific 
events.  
The filing duties (and the events triggering them) may vary depending on the specific sector under 
consideration: therefore, a detailed overview can be provided only on a case by case basis. This being 
said, it is worth highlighting that filing undertakings are generally triggered by (each action including 
items (i) and (ii) below, a Relevant Action):  
 
a) any resolution, action or transaction to be adopted or carried out by the shareholders’ meetings 
or by the board of a company resulting in the loss of ownership, control or availability of the 
relevant assets that pertain to one of the strategic sectors mentioned above. This includes – but 
is not limited to – resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting or of the board of directors

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
 
concerning mergers or de-mergers, the transfer of the registered office abroad, or the transfer 
of a business or business unit abroad which includes any relevant assets;  
 
b) any resolution, action or transaction to be adopted or carried out by the shareholders’ meetings 
or by the board of a company resulting in a change of use of the relevant assets, as well as in 
any change of the corporate purpose, the dissolution of the company, or else in certain 
amendments to the by-laws; or 
 
c) any acquisition by non-EU entities of controlling interests in companies owning any relevant 
asset, if such equity investment(s) imply a stable position of the purchaser, due to its control of 
the company.   
 
With specific reference to the sector of electronic broadband communication services based on 5G 
technology, art. 1-bis of Law Decree no. 21/2012, identifies the relevant trigger events as follows:  
 
(i) 
the signing of contracts or agreements having as their object the acquisition, for any cause, 
of goods or services relating to the design, construction, maintenance and management of 
networks connected to the services when implemented with non-EU parties;  
(ii) 
the acquisition by non-EU parties, for any cause, of technology-intensive components used 
for the aforesaid construction or management.  
 
To this end, elements indicating the presence of vulnerability factors that could compromise the 
integrity and security of the networks and data passing through them, including those identified on the 
basis of the principles and guidelines developed at international level and by the European Union, shall 
also be subject to assessment.  
 
The filings shall be made to the Presidency of the Council of Ministers respectively by the company 
losing ownership, availability or control of the relevant assets or otherwise implementing a Relevant 
Action as well as by the purchaser (in case the Relevant Action is an acquisition) within 10 (ten) days 
from the adoption of the relevant resolution on the Relevant Action by the company or the 
implementation of the acquisition. 
 
The decision concerning the exercise of the special powers shall be communicated, by the Italian 
Government, within 45 (fortyfive) days starting from the receipt of the above mentioned notification 
(or from the day the Government received all information it may request). Moreover, in connection with 
the aforementioned common framework at EU level, art. 2-ter of the Law Decree no. 21/2012 that has 
been newly introduced by Law Decree no. 105/2019, provides a specific cause for suspension if other 
EU Member States or the EU Commission intend to render, respectively, their comments or its opinion 
on investments undergoing screening under the Italian “golden powers” regulation (EU Regulation no. 
452/2019 provides for cooperation mechanisms aimed at strengthening the effectiveness of foreign 
direct investments screening regulations in the EU states). 
  
The filing imposes a “standstill effect” on the Relevant Action. In other words, pending the notification, 
(i) the effectiveness of any Relevant Action (other than an acquisition of shares in a relevant company) 
is suspended, and (ii) in case of an acquisition of shares in a relevant company, the administrative rights 
(such as voting and information rights) relating to such shares are suspended.The filing does produce a 
standstill effect on the Relevant Action itself which will be fully effective only once the 45-days term 
is expired or the competent authority has given its clearance on the Relevant Action. However, once the 
45-days term has elapsed, the Relevant Action may be lawfully and effectively implemented, even if 
the Italian Government has not expressly issued an explicit resolution yet.  
 
Furthermore, with a view to completing the existing sanctioning mechanisms, art. 16 of Law Decree 
no. 23/2020, extended the powers of intervention vested to the Italian Government, granting the 
possibility to commence ex officio proceedings for the exercise of the “golden powers” in the event that 
any filing obligations provided under Law Decree 21/2012 is breached. In such cases, the term for

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
 
completion of the relating administrative proceeding and for exercising “golden powers” (i.e., 45-day 
period) runs not from the closing of the transaction, but from the end of the investigation activities 
aimed at assessing whether there has been a breach of the notification obligation. The announcement of 
ex officio proceedings to the parties involved has the same standstill effect as the filing. In addition, the 
authority may impose sanctions for the breach of the filing obligation. 
 
Should the Italian Government see a threat to the essential interests of the country in the relevant sector, 
it is entitled to exercise the following special powers:  
(i) the power to exercise a veto on the Relevant Action in question, thus prohibiting its 
consummation; and 
(ii) the power to impose specific conditions or prescriptions (in particular, conditions concerning 
the security of supplies, the security of information, the technological transfers, etc.). The 
Government enjoys a great degree of discretion in identifying specific conditions and 
prescriptions. 
  
The breach of the “golden powers” regulation (reference is made to both failure to notify in time and 
failure to comply with the measures taken by the Italian Government) potentially gives rise to heavy 
sanctions.  
More specifically, the sanctions entail both civil and administrative consequences:   
a) Civil sanctions: Relevant Actions adopted or implemented in breach of the “golden powers” 
provisions are null and void (similarly, any resolutions adopted with the decisive vote of the 
shares acquired as a consequence of the implementation of a Relevant Action are null and void). 
The Government may also invite the companies involved and any counterparty to reinstate the 
previous situation at their own expense; 
b) Administrative sanctions: a pecuniary administrative fine up to double the value of the relevant 
transaction (maximum amount) and, in any case, not less than 1 per cent. of the cumulative 
turnover realized by the involved companies in the last fiscal year (minimum amount). Please 
note that with specific reference to the sector of electronic broadband communication services 
based on 5G technology, failure to comply with notification duties or with the Government 
prescriptions is subject to an administrative fine up to the 150 per cent. of the value of the 
transaction and in any case no less than 25 per cent. of such value. 
The procedures for notifications and for activating the “special powers” are regulated by specific 
decrees, containing rules on coordination activities of the Prime Minister’s Office preparatory to the 
exercise of special powers.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
S&P has issued a long-term rating of “BBB+” with a stable outlook and a short-term rating of 
“A-2” in respect of Terna; 
(ii) 
Moody’s has issued a senior unsecured long-term rating of “Baa2” and a short-term rating of 
“Prime-2” in respect of Terna, all ratings with a stable outlook; and  
(iii) 
Scope has issued a medium/long term rating of “A-” with a stable outlook and a short-term 
rating of “S-1” in respect of Terna.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy, in the European Union 
and in Luxembourg as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law 
occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary 
does  not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant 
to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership 
of the Notes. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes issued, inter alia, by 
Italian listed companies, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian companies with shares traded on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA Member State which exchanges 
information with the Italian tax authorities. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the 
management of the Issuer. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is: (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime 
- see under “Capital gains tax” below); (b) a non-commercial partnership; (c) a non-commercial private 
or public institution; or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium 
and other income relating to the Notes (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest), are subject to a 
withholding tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that 
the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, a commercial 
partnership, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary Interest from the 
Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s 
income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive 
activities (IRAP)). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, Interest relating to the Notes is subject to imposta sostitutiva and will be 
included its relevant income tax return. As a consequence, such Interest will be subject to the ordinary 
income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Article 32 of Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, Italian real estate investment funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 
and Italian real estate SICAFs (the Real Estate SICAFs) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor 
to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF 
provided that the fund or the Real Estate Fund is the beneficial owner of the payments under the Notes 
and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
Italian investment company with fixed share capital), other than a Real Estate SICAF, or a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the 
Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes 
are held by an authorised intermediary, as clarified by the Italian tax authorities through Circular No. 
11/E of 28 March 2012, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be 
subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 – the Pension Fund) and the Notes are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included 
in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth under Italian tax law.. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must: (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 
239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or 
other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, directly by the Issuer paying that interest. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner is either: (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future 
decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 
14 September 2015) (the White List); or (b) an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is 
resident in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its 
own country of residence.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of 
payments of Interest and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident 
entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance, and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to 
or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains 
valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the 
applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in 
Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, 
as subsequently amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident Noteholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on Interests payments to such non resident Noteholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for 
by the applicable double tax treaty) to Interest paid to Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, 
in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or 
control of) the management of the Issuer. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian withholding tax on proceeds received under Notes classifying as atypical securities, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Where the Noteholder is: (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private 
or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non commercial partnership or (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would 
be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off 
losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included a long-term individual savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individual Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to 
all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, 
in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax 
due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the 
Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, 
any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of 
Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Real Estate SICAF will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment 
fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
Any capital gains realised by Noteholders which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the management results of the Fund. Such result will not be subject to taxation at

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
 
the level of the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders of shareholders may be 
subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian Pension Fund will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
capital gains on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if 
the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident 
issuer, which are traded on regulated markets (and, in certain cases, subject to filing of required 
documentation) are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident 
in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor 
which is resident in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer 
in its own country of residence. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from 
the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at 
the current rate of 26 per cent. On the contrary, should the Notes be traded on regulated markets, capital 
gains realized by non-Italian resident Noteholders would not be subject to Italian taxation. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments into Law No. 286 of 
24 November 2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, 
notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; 
and 
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject 
to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration 
tax at a rate of €200; and (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in "case of use" (caso 
d'uso) or in the case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree 
642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications 
sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the 
nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) 
of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian 
territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for 
instruments for which it is not mandatory. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the stamp 
duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, 
individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for 
tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are 
required to pay in their own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. Pursuant to 
the provisions of Article 134 of Law Decree 34/2020, as converted into law with amendments by Law 
No. 77 of 17 July 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for taxpayers different from 
individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or - if no market 
value figure is available - the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they 
are administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this 
case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does 
apply. 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax 
Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depository receipts representing those 
shares and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively referred to as 
In-  Scope Shares), received by a Noteholder upon physical settlement of the Notes may be subject to 
a per cent. Italian financial transaction tax (IFTT) calculated on the value of the Notes as determined 
according to Article 4 of Ministerial Decree of 21 February 2013, as amended (the IFTT Decree). 
Investors in certain equity-linked notes mainly having as underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope 
Shares, are subject to IFTT at a rate ranging between EUR 0.01875 and EUR 200 per counterparty, 
depending on the notional value of the relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
 
calculated according to Article 9 of the IFTT Decree. IFTT applies upon subscription, 
negotiation or modification of the derivative transactions or transferable securities. The tax rate 
may be reduced to a fifth if the transaction is executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or 
multilateral trading facilities. 
 
Tax Monitoring rules 
 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are 
required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of 
investments directly or indirectly held abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, 
being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the 
foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their total aggregate 
value does not exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the relevant year. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate 
income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income 
tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la 
fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well 
as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for 
tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity 
surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.  
Taxation of holders of the Notes 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.  
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes.  
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg 
will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge 
of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Law would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of the Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised by such non-resident holder of the Notes on the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax.  
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course 
of the management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg 
income tax on repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes.  
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate management companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds and which does not fall under the special tax 
regime set out in article 48 thereof,  is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in 
respect of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor 
on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
(b) 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) 
withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Law or (ii) 
the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. tax in 
full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Law, which applies if a payment 
of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member 
State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
(other than a EU Member State). A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, 
acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Notes were 
acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid 
interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on 
such interest in accordance with the Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of management of a professional or 
business undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the 
tax levied in accordance with the Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes 
are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of Notes is 
governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by the 
law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended.13 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax, or similar taxes.  
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other 
document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a 
voluntary basis.  
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
                                                     
13 Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or 
capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative 
investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 
thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2014, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below 
in “U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements.  A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date 
for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the 
date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are published 
and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after 
the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
 
additional notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING  
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a 
dividend from sources within the United States. Under Section 871(m), such payments generally would 
be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, 
eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely 
claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend 
payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or 
indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources 
within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that 
(directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend 
from sources within the United States and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be 
substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). The final U.S. Treasury regulations issued 
under Section 871(m) (the Section 871(m) Regulations) require withholding on certain non-U.S. 
holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the 
Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to 
that of the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations and 
applicable guidance, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such security a 
Specified Security). The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding 
requirement, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder 
of the Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends 
during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required even if the 
Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer 
may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent 
arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. 
holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-
U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information 
is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at 
all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor 
any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Securities issued on or after 1 January 
2017.  If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax 
purposes), the Note generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification 
for purposes of determining,  based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is 
a Specified Security. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for 
U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS 
could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified Securities as the date

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
of such subsequent sale or issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might be treated as 
a Specified Security following such modification or further issuance.  
In addition, payments may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S. securities that 
are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that 
Notes are Specified Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Notes. If Notes are Specified Securities, a non-U.S. 
holder of such Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. 
securities underlying those Notes.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of Notes, 
but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be 
made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes 
may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Fourtheenth Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (the Programme 
Agreement) dated 8 June 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.  
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a 
term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is not applicable, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms  (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is not applicable, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring,

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of 
Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor.  
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 March 2006 and 12 May 2021, respectively. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from www.terna.it:  
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (with an English translation thereof), together 
with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited 
consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the three 
months ended 31 March 2021; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
Furthermore the above-mentioned documents are also available on the Issuer’s website: www.terna.it. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation  
Save as disclosed on page 166 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.   
Independent Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of Terna and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended on, 
respectively 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. and Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., 
respectively, independent accountants, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors 
(Registro Revisori Legali) by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with the 
provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39.  PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., 
which is located at Via Monte Rosa 91, 20149 Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian 
association of audit firms). 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors 
(Registro Revisori Legali) held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with 
the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39.  Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., which 
is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association 
of audit firms). 
At the general Shareholders’ Meeting of 8 May 2019, Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed as 
external statutory auditor for the financial years 2020 to 2028 in accordance with the proposal of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. was external auditor from 2011 to 2019. 
Post-issuance Information  
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) 
and other related transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
 
ANNEX 1 – FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is CPI or the Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco as 
defined below. The following information provides a clear and comprehensive explanation to 
prospective investors about how the value of Index Linked Notes is affected by the value of the 
underlying index. 
"CPI" or "ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer 
Price Index Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per 
famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - 
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the "Index Sponsor") which 
appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, 
or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the 
level of such index), provided that for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the 
Final Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a level of the Index (excluding 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of 
the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series 
Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised 
statistical methods (the HICP) is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time 
in the prices of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the 
Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for 
monitoring price stability by the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on 
international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco (Individual HICP). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for 
the Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s 
weight in the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country’s final household consumption 
constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These 
weights are re-estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are 
the same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to 
compare inflation among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the 
quality and comparability of the various countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new Member State’s weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official 
timetable. Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision 
is made, it is published with the HICP of the following month.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through 
a new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in 
the definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. 
Since 2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price 
reference period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/hicp/introduction.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
TERNA - Rete Elettrica Nazionale S.p.A. 
Viale Egidio Galbani, 70 
00156 Rome 
Italy 
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law  
 
Chiomenti 
 
Chiomenti 
Via G. Verdi 2 
Via Ventiquattro Maggio 43 
20121 Milan 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Allen & Overy 
Studio Legale Associato 
Studio Legale Associato 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
Via Ansperto, 5 
00186 Rome 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
England

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
For the financial years 2011-2019 
For the financial years 2020-2028 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
Via Monte Rosa 91 
Via Tortona 25 
20149 Milan 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Divisione IMI 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Via Manzoni 4 
Arabellastrasse 12 
20121 Milan 
81925 Munich  
Italy 
Germany  
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Reuterweg 16 
75009 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Divisione IMI  
Citigroup Centre 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Canada Square 
Via Manzoni 4 
Canary Wharf 
20121 Milan 
London E14 5LB 
Italy 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany  
 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg