--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
A2A S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), A2A S.p.A. (the 
Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed Euro 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of 
the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transactions contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) as amended. 
This Base Prospectus is available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.a2a.eu/en/investors/debt. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
European Economic Area (the EEA). This Base Prospectus will expire on 14 June 2022. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which 
will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, or a 
drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated "Baa2" (long term) with a "stable" outlook by Moody's France SAS (Moody's) and 
"BBB" (long term) and "A-2" (short term) with a "stable" outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(Standard & Poor's). The Programme has been rated "(P)Baa2" by Moody's and "BBB" by Standard & 
Poor's. Each of Moody's and Standard & Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered under 
the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such each of Moody's and 
Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated 
by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
CMS Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR and 
CMS Rate) is not included in register of administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the ICE Benchmark 
Administration is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Co-Arrangers 
 
J.P. Morgan 
 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse  
Goldman Sachs International  
J.P. Morgan 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 June 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used 
are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to 
their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Co-
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including, for these purposes, without limitation, the Republic of Italy and Belgium), the United Kingdom, 
Japan, Singapore and Switzerland see "Subscription and Sale". 
SALES TO ONTARIO PERMITTED INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada 
may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any 
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to 
section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with this offering. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal and tax advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal and tax advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The Group's financial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. Such consolidated financial 
statements are incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and have 
been prepared in accordance with: 
 
Article 154-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (Regulation No. 
11971); and 
 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standard Board (IASB) and approved by the European Union. IFRS means all the revised 
international accounting standards (IAS) and all the interpretations of the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), formerly known as the Standing Interpretations 
Committee (SIC). 
 
The accounting principles applied in preparing the Group's audited consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 are the same as those used to 
prepare the Group's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018, except for:

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
 
o the new Standard IFRS 16 - Leases – adopted by the Group starting from 1 January 2019; 
o the amendments to Standard IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments – effective from 1 January 2019 
with no significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement; 
o the amendments to IAS 28 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures – effective from 1 
January 2019 with no significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement; 
o the amendments to IAS 19 – Employee Benefits – effective from 1 January 2019 with no 
significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement; 
o the amendments to IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements - and IAS 8 – Accounting 
policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors – effective from 1 January 2020 with 
no significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement. 
o the amendments to IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments – IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: 
Recognition and Measurement – and IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments: Disclosure – effective 
from 1 January 2020 with no significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial 
statement; 
o the amendments to IFRS 3 – Business Combinations– effective from 1 January 2020 with no 
significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement; 
o the amendments to IFRS 16 – Leases – applicable to all financial statements closed from 1 
June 2020 with no significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statement.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference contain certain alternative performance 
measures (APMs) which differ from the IFRS-EU financial indicators adopted by the Group and presented 
in the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended, respectively, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 and the press release dated 13 May 2021 headed "A2A, Results as at March 31, 
2021" relating to the certain unaudited consolidated interim data of A2A for the three month period ended 31 
March 2021. 
Such APMs are extracted directly from, respectively, the audited consolidated financial statements as at and 
for the years ended, respectively, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the press release dated 13 
May 2021 headed "A2A, Results as at March 31, 2021" and are useful to present the results more efficiently 
and to analyse the financial performance of the A2A Group. In particular, AMPs, as well as comparatives 
with the previous period, are included, inter alia, in the section headed "Consolidated results and report on 
operations" of the report on operations for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 (the Report on Operations 2019 and Report on Operations 2020). 
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, the Italian securities and 
exchange commission) issued Communication No. 92543/15 that acknowledged the Guidelines issued on 3 
October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated information and 
prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 (the Guidelines). The Guidelines – which update the previous 
CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b) – are aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of 
APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. In addition, ESMA also 
published a Questions and Answers (Q&A) document on the Guidelines, last updated on 30 October 2017, to 
promote common supervisory approaches and practices in the application of the Guidelines. 
In line with the Guidelines, the definitions, contents, basis of calculation and criteria used to construct the 
APMs adopted by the A2A Group are described below.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
 
Gross operating income (or EBITDA or Gross operating margin) 
Gross operating income (otherwise referred to as EBITDA) is an operating performance indicator, calculated 
as "Net Operating Income" (otherwise referred to as EBIT) plus "Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and 
write-downs". 
This APM is used by A2A as financial target in presentations both within the A2A Group (business plans) 
and externally (such financial analysts and investors presentations); it represents a useful measure to assess 
the operating performance of the A2A Group (both as a whole and in terms of individual Business Unit), 
also through a comparison between the operating results of the reporting period with those relating to 
previous periods or years. Furthermore, such measure allows A2A to conduct trend analysis and compare 
internal efficiency performance over time. 
Result from non-recurring transactions 
The Result from non-recurring transactions is an alternative performance indicator designed to highlight 
the capital gains/losses arising from the valuation at fair value of non-current assets sold and the results from 
the sale of equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies and other non-
operating income/expenses. 
This indicator is placed between net operating income and the financial balance. In this way, net operating 
income is not affected by non-recurring operations, making it easier to measure the effective performance of 
the Group's ordinary operating activities. 
This APM is used by A2A as a measure for the evaluation of the performance associated with non-current 
assets and liabilities held for sale (or disposal groups) of the A2A Group in internal presentations (business 
plans) and in external presentations (such as analysts and investors presentations). 
Net fixed capital 
The Net fixed capital is determined as the algebraic sum of: 
 
tangible assets; 
 
intangible assets; 
 
investments accounted for using the equity method and other non-current financial assets; 
 
other non- current assets and liabilities; 
 
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities; 
 
provisions for risks, charges and liabilities for landfills; 
 
employee benefits. 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and externally (presentations to financial analysts and investors); it represents a useful measure for the 
evaluation of net fixed assets of the A2A Group as a whole, also through the comparison of the reporting 
period with those of the previous periods or years. Furthermore, such measure allows A2A to conduct 
analyses on operational trends and measure performance in terms of operational efficiency over time. 
Working capital 
The Working capital is calculated as the algebraic sum of: 
 
inventories;

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
 
 
trade receivables and other current assets; 
 
trade payables and other current liabilities; 
 
current tax assets and tax liabilities. 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and externally (presentations to financial analysts and investors); it represents a useful measure of the 
ability to generate cash flow from operations within a period of twelve months, also through the comparison 
between the reporting period with those relating to previous periods or years. Furthermore, such measure 
allows A2A to conduct trend analysis and compare internal efficiency performance over time. 
Capital employed / Net capital employed 
The Capital employed/Net capital employed is calculated as the sum of Net fixed capital, Working capital 
and Assets/Liabilities held for sale. 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and externally (presentations to financial analysts and investors); it represents a useful measure for the 
evaluation of total net assets, both current and fixed. 
Sources of funds 
The Sources of funds are calculated as the sum of the "Equity" and "Total net financial position". 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and externally (presentations to financial analysts and investors); it represents the various sources by 
means of which the A2A Group is financed and the degree of autonomy that the A2A Group has in 
comparison with third party capital. Furthermore, it measures the financial strength of the A2A Group. 
Net Financial Position/Net debt 
Net Financial Position/Net debt is an indicator of the financial structure, calculated as the sum of net 
financial position beyond one year and net financial position within one year. Specifically, total net financial 
position beyond one year is obtained from the algebraic sum of: 
 
Total medium and long-term debt: the item includes the non-current portion of Bonds, Bank loans, 
Finance leases and Other non-current liabilities; 
 
Total medium and long-term financial receivables: this item contains Non-current financial assets 
(including those with related parties) and Other non-current assets. 
Total current net debt is calculated as the algebraic sum of: 
 
Total short-term debt: the item includes the current portion of Bonds, Bank loans, Finance leases, 
Current financial liabilities with related parties and Other current liabilities; 
 
Total short-term financial receivables: this item includes Other current financial assets (including 
those with related parties) and Other current assets; 
 
Cash and cash equivalents and Cash and cash equivalents included in assets held for sale. 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and externally (presentations to financial analysts and investors) and it is useful for the purposes of 
measuring the Group's financial debt, also through the comparison between the reporting period with those 
relating to previous periods or years.

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
 
 
The A2A Group net financial position is calculated pursuant to CONSOB Communication no. DEM 
6064293 of 28 July 2006 and in accordance with the ESMA/2013/319 Recommendation. On 4 March 2021, 
ESMA issued the updated recommendations regarding the information included in prospectus and certain 
amendments were made to the methodology for calculating the net financial position. 
Investments in tangible and intangible assets (or Gross investments or Capex in tangible and 
intangible assets) 
The Investments in tangible and intangible assets (otherwise referred to as Gross investments) are 
calculated as Investments on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, as may be inferred by the 
information included in the Notes to the Balance Sheet. 
This APM is used by the A2A Group as a financial target in in presentations both within the Group (business 
plans) and external (presentations to financial analysts and investors) and is a useful measure of the resources 
used in the maintenance and development of the investments of the A2A Group (as a whole and in terms of 
individual Business Unit), also through the comparison between the reporting period with those relating to 
previous periods or years. This allows A2A to conduct analyses on investment trends and measure 
performance in terms of operational efficiency over time. 
Investors should not place undue reliance on these APMs and should not consider any APMs as: (i) an 
alternative to operating or net profit as determined in accordance with IFRS; (ii) an assessment of the 
Group's ability to meet cash needs alternative to as deduced from the cash flow from operating, investing or 
financing activities (as determined in accordance with IFRS); or (iii) an alternative to any other performance 
indicator provided by IFRS. 
The APMs described above have been derived from historical financial information of the A2A Group and 
are not intended to provide an indication on the future financial performance, financial position or cash flows 
of the A2A Group itself. Furthermore, such APMs have been calculated consistently throughout the periods 
for which financial information is presented in this Base Prospectus. 
APMs presented in this Base Prospectus, in the consolidated financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the press release dated 13 May 2021 headed "A2A, 
Results as at March 31, 2021" (each of which incorporated in this Base Prospectus, see "Documents 
incorporated by Reference") should be also read in conjunction with the financial information presented or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the 
meanings defined below. 
Presentation of Other Information 
In this Base Prospectus: 
 
all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended;

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
 
 
 
certain figures have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same 
category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables 
may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them; 
 
certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order 
that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) 
statements identified by the use of terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", 
"expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar words and expressions. 
These statements are based on the Issuer's current expectations and projections about future events 
and involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, 
contained herein regarding the Issuer's strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected 
revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future 
events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying 
forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise 
any forward-looking statements. 
Second-party Opinions and External Verification 
In connection with the issue of Notes as “Green Bonds” or Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked 
Bonds”) under the Programme, an opinion, report or certification of a third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) (Second-party Opinions), including the Sustainable Finance Framework 
Second-party Opinion (as defined in the risk factor “Risks related to any Second-party Opinions 
which may be provided in respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds" and/or any Step Up Notes 
(“Sustainability-linked Bonds”)”, may or may not be made available, as the case may be. Any 
information in such Second-party Opinions or any past or future Second-party Opinions provided 
pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information) is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be 
relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other 
member of the Group, the Dealers or any other member of their group, Second-party Opinion 
providers, the independent auditors or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion in connection with the offering of any Notes as 
“Green Bonds” or any Step Up Notes under the Programme. Any such Second-party Opinion and any 
other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
 
 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
  
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ....................................................................................................................... 16 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................ 22 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................ 40 
Form of the Notes ....................................................................................................................................... 44 
Applicable Final Terms ............................................................................................................................... 46 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................. 61 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................ 103 
Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................................................... 104 
Regulation ................................................................................................................................................ 140 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................... 172 
Subscription and Sale................................................................................................................................ 183 
General Information .................................................................................................................................. 188

--- Page 16 ---
16 
  
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may 
agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, or a drawdown 
prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
A2A S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
81560076E3944316DB24  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include, 
among others, risks relating to changes to the overall economic 
situation caused by the economic crisis; risks relating to the 
revision of tariffs in the waste, water and energy sectors; 
operational risks; credit risks; liquidity and funding risks; 
interest rates risks; rating risks; risks relating to the legal 
proceedings; risks relating to the structure of the Group; risks 
relating to rendering concessions necessary for the Group to 
continue to engage in the business described in this Base 
Prospectus; and risks relating to changes in the regulatory and 
legislative framework within which the Group operates. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.   
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Co-Arrangers: 
J.P. Morgan AG and UniCredit Bank AG  
Dealers: 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may, from time to time, 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency, provided that the minimum maturity will be 
at least one year and one day.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form 
of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified

--- Page 18 ---
18 
  
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes will have a minimum interest rate and may 
also have a maximum interest rate. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a 
Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate of Interest for Step Up 
Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be 
increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate 
of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of the 
relevant Step Up Note. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark discontinuation:  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use it reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in 
either case an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments)).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Clean – Up Call and Maturity Par Call 
Option: 
 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether the Issuer 
has a Clean- Up Call or an Issuer Maturity Par Call option. See 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 6.5 (Clean-Up Call). 
Relevant Event Put: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event (as described below), Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to their stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if any of (A) a 
Change of Control or a Concession Event (each a Relevant 
Event, as described in Condition 6.6) occurs, (B) at the time of 
the later of the first public announcement and the occurrence of 
the Relevant Event, the Notes carry from any Rating Agency, a 
Rating Event (as defined in Condition 6.6) occurs, and (C) in 
making the relevant decision relating to the Rating Event (as 
defined in Condition 6.6), the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision resulted, in whole or in part, from the Relevant Event. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision

--- Page 20 ---
20 
  
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) . 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated "(P)Baa2" by Moody's and 
"BBB" by Standard & Poor's. Each of Moody's and Standard & 
Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such each of Moody's and Standard & 
Poor's is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with such CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by 
anyone or both rating agencies referred to above. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 15 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) and the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement concerning the meetings of 
Noteholders 
and 
the 
appointment 
of 
a 
Noteholders'

--- Page 21 ---
21 
  
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance 
with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, 
without limitation, Belgium and the Republic of Italy), the 
United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
  
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may 
not be aware of all relevant factors, and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events beyond the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified 
in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially and adversely affect its business and 
ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. Some of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
These are the principal risks that the Issuer considers to be material; however, there may be additional risks 
of which the Issuer is not currently aware or that may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate, and any of these 
risks could also have a negative effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The following risks are presented in categories, with the most material risk factor presented first in each 
category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of 
the relative likelihood that each risk will materialize or of the magnitude of their potential impact on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Group. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with 
any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with 
all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including in particular, the risk factors described 
below, and any document incorporated by reference herein. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by 
reference, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, 
legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary, prior to making any investment decisions. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE 
ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
 
RISK RELATED TO THE CURRENT PANDEMIC 
Covid-19 virus emergency 
The outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (COVID-19), recognised in December 2019 in China, was 
declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization (“WHO”) on March 11, 2020. It has spread 
rapidly worldwide and has been having considerable effects on global health systems, people's habits and 
capital markets and thus on national economies and daily life. As far as COVID-19 continues to spread the 
potential economic and financial impacts are difficult to predict. 
The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the 
outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the 
availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial resources, required to 
implement effective responses to the respective situation at international, national and regional level as well 
as the level of civil compliance with such measures.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
  
  
The spread of the COVID-19 virus, as reported in the financial documents communicated during the year, 
generated negative impacts on the 2020 Group’s economic and financial performance resulting from various 
phenomena: 
 
accentuation of the worsening of the energy scenario caused by the slowdown in the international 
economy and, in particular, the effects resulting from the contraction of energy and gas prices; 
 
slowdown in commercial activities relating to the acquisition of new customers; in waste collection 
and disposal activities resulting from the temporary closure of economic activities; lower 
consumption of electricity, gas, heat and water, especially of small and medium-sized 
industrial/commercial activities; 
 
the direct incurring of costs necessary to cope with the health emergency situation (generalised 
purchases of PPE, mass supplies for collective Smart Working, etc.). 
The Group promptly reacted to the crisis right from the initial months of the outbreak, taking action to 
protect its profit margins and liquidity position. Actions have been taken to contain personnel costs (use of 
social shock absorbers; rescheduling of planned hirings; use of past holidays) and to contain other non-
essential operating costs, ensuring in any case adequate safety standards and continuity of services. In a first 
phase, slowdowns in development investments were planned and later (as the expected situation improved) 
fully resumed. 
In any case, given the impossibility of accurately forecasting the methods, extent and duration of subsequent 
lockdowns extended during the year and the related impacts, management has developed, with reference to 
the forecasts for 2021, different scenarios with alternative risk assumptions and hypothesized for each of 
them, on the basis of the experience gained from the actions already carried out in 2020, the related 
mitigation actions to mitigate the economic and financial impact. 
 
REGULATORY RISKS 
Adverse evolution of the regulated environment in which the Group operates. 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment, which has and is expected to continue to have a 
material impact on the performance of the Group (see also "Description of the Issuer – Licenses" and 
"Regulation", below). Changes in applicable legislation and regulations, whether at a national or European 
level, as well as in the regulation of the competent regulatory agencies, including the Italian Regulatory 
Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente – 
ARERA)1, could negatively affect the Group's operations, revenues, margins and return on assets, for both 
existing operations and planned future developments. 
The Group's regulated activities are dependent on, and governed by, concessions, licenses and other 
permits 
The Group's regulated activities are dependent on concessions from national and local authorities (integrated 
water service, natural gas distribution, waste management, public lighting, hydroelectric plants, electricity 
distribution). No assurances can be given that A2A or any member of the Group will maintain or renew 
existing concessions, or enter into new concessions in new areas allowing the Group to carry on its core 
business after the expiry of each relevant concession, nor that any new concessions entered into or renewed 
will be on terms as good as those of its current concessions. 
                                                   
1 The Law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (2018 Budget Law) extended the regulatory and control powers of the Authority for 
Electricity, Gas and the Water System (AEEGSI, now ARERA) to the waste cycle, including separated, urban and similar waste.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the main issues related to the Group's concessions are the following: 
 
the integrated water service concession in the province of Brescia (currently managed by the A2A 
Group) which the Board of Directors of the competent EGA (Ente di Governo dell'Ambito) has 
assigned to Acque Bresciane S.r.l. (a total public company). Acque Bresciane S.r.l. will take over the 
management of the integrated water service only upon payment to the A2A Group of the residual 
takeover value of the concessions; 
 
the large-scale concessions held by the Group in Valtellina, for a nominal concession power of 
approximately 200 MW, which have expired and are currently managed under a "temporary 
continuation" regime. The new rules introduced by the Simplification Law give powers and authority 
to set regulations, procedures and criteria for awarding concessions to the regions, which may be 
entrusted to private economic operators identified by tender, or to both public and private 
companies. The law of the Lombardy Region, establishing criteria for tendering, was published in 
April 2020 (Regional Law 8 April 2020, n. 5) and then challenged by the Italian Government in June 
2020;uncertainty remains as to its interpretation by the Italian courts, how the new procedures, 
criteria and scheduling will operate for awarding concessions and how the authority will ultimately 
be granting any future concessions; 
 
the natural gas distribution network "Milan 1 - City and Plant of Milan" Minimal Territorial Areas 
(ATEM), which was awarded in September 2018 to A2A's subsidiary Unareti S.p.A. ("Unareti") and 
is still under dispute (for further information, see the section “Legal proceedings” and also the 
section of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 headed "Update of the main legal and tax disputes still pending", incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Furthermore, each concession is governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring the relevant 
concession holder to fulfil certain obligations (including performing regular maintenance). Each concession 
holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for the non-performance or default under the relevant concession. 
Failure by a concession holder to fulfil its material obligations under a concession, if such failure is left 
unremedied, could lead to early termination of the concession by the grantor. Furthermore, in accordance 
with general principles of Italian law, a concession can be terminated early for reasons of public interest. In 
either case, the relevant concession holder might be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the 
operation of the concession to the grantor or to the incoming concession holder. In the case of early 
termination of a concession, the concession holder might be entitled to receive a compensation amount 
determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant concession-agreement. However, there can be no 
assurance that any amount due, if any, to the relevant member of the Group will be actually paid and/or 
timely paid and/or will be adequate compensation for the loss of the relevant concession and disposal of the 
related assets. Furthermore, disputes often arise between the parties regarding the quantification of the 
indemnity due to the former concession holder, which can have an impact on the Group's business plan and 
activity. 
The Group is exposed to revision of tariffs in waste, water and distribution networks sectors 
The Group operates, inter alia, in the waste, water and distribution networks sectors and is exposed to a risk 
of variation of the relevant tariffs. The tariffs are determined and adjusted by the relevant authorities and 
may be subject to variations as a consequence of periodic revisions resulting from investigations by the 
relevant authority concerning, inter alia, efficiency improvements and the actual implementation of planned 
investments by the companies managing the related service. 
As far as the integrated waste management service is concerned, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 527, of 
Law no. 205 of 27 December 2017 (i.e., the 2018 Budget Law), the ARERA published the first measures 
regarding tariff regulation and transparency (Resolution 443/2019/R/rif), which applies to the 2020/2021 
tariff receipts, but there is still uncertainty about the Resolution's implementing methods with regard to the 
tariffs.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
  
Uncertainties as to how determine tariffs and/or decreases in tariffs payable by the end users to A2A and/or 
the members of the Group could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group's ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired if it is unable to maintain or 
obtain the required licences, authorisations, permits, approvals and consents 
In order to carry out and expand its business, the Group needs to maintain or obtain a variety of permits and 
approvals from competent authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these permits and approvals 
are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Group is unable to maintain or obtain the 
relevant permits and approvals, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired with an 
adverse impact on the Group's business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
The Group's operations are subject to extensive environmental statutes, rules and regulations 
The Group's compliance with environmental statutes, rules and regulations on, inter alia, air emissions, 
water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste involves significant costs relating to 
environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission fees, maintenance and 
upgrading of facilities, remediation and permitting. The costs of compliance with legal environmental 
requirements now existing or not yet adopted may increase in the future. An increase in such costs, unless 
promptly recovered, could have an adverse impact on the Group's business and results of operations, 
financial position and cash flows. 
 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Liquidity and funding risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer might not be able to fully meet its obligations when due. New 
financial resources may not be available (funding liquidity risk) or the Issuer may be unable to promptly 
convert assets into cash on the market (asset liquidity risk). This may materially and adversely affect the 
Issuer's results of operations and financial condition should the Issuer be obliged to incur additional costs or, 
in extreme cases, threaten the Issuer's future as a going concern and lead to insolvency. 
Should it be required, the Issuer's ability to borrow in the banking or capital markets to meet the financial 
requirements of the Group is also dependent on, among other things, the prevailing market conditions and 
the rating of the Issuer at the time of the funding need. There are no assurances that the Issuer will be able to 
access financing under equal or better conditions than those it currently enjoys. 
Commodity and energy price risk 
The Group is exposed to the volatility of the price of commodities, i.e. the risk associated with unexpected 
changes in the prices of energy raw materials (electricity, natural gas, coal and fuel oil) and the prices of 
CO2 emission allowances (EUAs), as well as the currency exchange rate associated with them. Significant, 
unexpected and/or structural changes in the price of commodities, especially in the medium term, could lead 
to a decrease in the Issuer's gross operating margins and cash flows. The Issuer manages the risk of 
fluctuation in the price of raw materials by constantly monitoring the overall exposure of the Group's 
portfolio, setting a hedging strategy that partially or totally hedges the position accordingly. There is no 
guarantee that the hedging strategy undertaken at any time neutralizes the risk completely. 
The Group's credit rating and financial market conditions may affect its ability to obtain funding 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt credit rating assigned to A2A is "Baa2" (stable 
outlook) by Moody's and "BBB" (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor's. Each of Moody's and Standard & 
Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such each of 
Moody's and Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published on the European

--- Page 26 ---
26 
  
Securities and Markets Authority website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Since a credit rating assesses the credit worthiness of an entity and informs investors about the probability of 
such entity being able to service its debt, credit ratings play a critical role in determining the costs for entities 
accessing the capital market in order to borrow funds and the rate of interest they can achieve. Therefore, the 
Issuer's future ability to access capital markets, other financing instruments and related costs may depend, 
inter alia, on the credit rating assigned to A2A. A downgrade of A2A's rating by Moody's and/or Standard & 
Poor's may therefore increase costs of funding and/or refinancing of debt or even jeopardize further 
issuances. The prices of A2A's existing bonds may deteriorate following a downgrade. 
In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of potential downgrades of the 
sovereign credit rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by Standard & Poor's 
and Moody's, a potential downgrade of Italy's credit rating may drag along the credit rating of Italian issuers, 
such as the Issuer, and increase the likelihood that the credit rating of the Notes (if any) could be 
downgraded, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and/or a consequent adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from its commercial activity 
Counterparty risk represents A2A's exposure to potential losses that could be incurred if a commercial or 
financial counterparty fails to meet its obligations. This risk arises primarily from economic or financial 
factors (i.e., where the counterparty defaults on its obligations), as well as from factors that are technical or 
commercial, or administrative or legal in nature (such as disputes over the type or quantity of goods supplied, 
the interpretation of contractual clauses, supporting invoices, etc.). The Group's exposure to counterpart risk 
is mainly due to its growing commercial activity as a seller of electric power and natural gas in the 
deregulated market. A single default by a major financial counterparty, or a significant increase in current 
default rates by counterparties generally, could adversely affect the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Issuer and the Group. 
The financing agreements that the Group has entered into contain restrictive covenants that limit its 
operations 
The long-term loan agreements of the Group contain customary clauses and covenants such as "negative-
pledge" clauses, "material change" clauses, "cross-default" clauses, "additional guarantees" clauses and 
"acceleration" clauses, requiring the maintenance of particular financial ratios or credit ratings, constraining 
the Group's operations. Failure the meet these obligations, when not promptly remedied, may trigger the 
acceleration of the outstanding debt repayment, possibly entailing liquidity risk. A similar effect may also be 
generated by the triggering of any early repayment obligation, caused by, inter alia, a change of control or a 
rating event with respect to certain financial indebtedness. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness that varies depending on 
whether such indebtedness is at fixed or floating rate. As at 31 December 2020, 74% of A2A's financing 
sources is represented by fixed rate instruments (taking into account the hedging policies in place). Changes 
in interest rates affect the market value of financial assets and liabilities of the Group and the level of finance 
charges. 
 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY RISKS 
Risks related to macroeconomic trends and GDP growth rates 
Global economic cycles can affect the Group's activities due to their effects on commodity prices (please 
refer to the specific commodities section for more information) as well as domestic GDP growth rates.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
  
As A2A mainly operates in the domestic markets, a slowdown in the domestic economy growth could lead to 
a reduction in consumption and/or industrial production, with a negative impact on energy production, 
demand for electricity and gas consumption, demand for waste collection and treatment and other services 
offered by the Group, reducing current financial performance and negatively influencing the implementation 
of future planned developments. 
Risks related to socio-environmental context 
Possible actions promoted by some stakeholders in opposition to the presence of plants, amplified through 
the use of social networks, due to a negative perception of some activities (such as waste-to-energy 
activities) in the areas served (the so-called "Not In My Back Yard" phenomenon) could potentially hinder 
the operating conditions of plants, the authorisation processes, the transition or conversion programs of some 
plants (such as, waste-to-energy and waste recovery plants) as well as growth in some business areas planned 
by the Group. Any of these factors could adversely affect the implementation of development programs and 
the Issuer's reputation and, in turn, the business revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the 
Group. 
With specific reference to the Generation and Trading Business Unit, in November 2019 the "Capacity 
Market" tenders for delivery in 2022 and 2023 have been held following and according to the authorisations 
and rules set by the Ministry of Economic Development, the ARERA and Terna. A2A has been awarded 
nearly 5 GW/year of capacity offered over the 2022-2023 delivery period. Some operators have filed an 
appeal to quash the aforementioned awards. 
Risks related to acquisitions of new businesses and integration with the Group’s existing operations 
When considering an acquisition or investments, the Group makes certain estimates and assumptions as to 
economic, market, operational and other conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential 
value of the business to be acquired and the potential return on investment, as well as the potential capital 
expenditure. Should such estimates be incorrect, it may have a negative effect on the Group’s existing 
operations. Even when the estimates provide positive results in acquisition and integration of distribution 
businesses, it may restrict the number of the potential targets therefore limiting the Group’s potential to carry 
out further acquisitions and/or integrations. 
Furthermore, acquisitions require the integration and combination of different management, strategies, 
procedures, services, client bases and distribution plants and networks, with the aim of streamlining the 
business structure and operations of the newly enlarged group. 
Any acquisition could expose the Issuer and the Group to risks connected with the integration of new 
businesses into the Group, for example, undisclosed events, circumstances or liabilities of the acquired 
businesses and distributions plants that could result in additional investment, operating costs or delays in 
integrating the targets as forecasted or failure or achieve the expected synergies. Failure to integrate 
investments successfully could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
cash flows and/or results of operations. 
Increasing competition in the retail electric / natural gas markets 
In Italy, energy markets are subject to increasing competition. The Group faces competition (i) in its 
domestic free market electricity business, where competition is represented by other integrated electricity 
producers and traders / resellers, both Italian and European, that sell electricity in the Italian market to 
industrial, commercial and residential clients; and (ii) in its domestic natural gas business, where it faces 
increasing competition from both national and international natural gas suppliers, including vertically 
integrated international gas producers from countries with large gas reserves. Competition can put pressure 
on margins achieved on the free market, increase churn and make new net customer acquisitions more 
difficult / expensive.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
  
The provisions of Law 4 August 2017, no. 124 on the termination of price protection regimes for customers 
in the electricity and gas sectors, set for 1 January 2022 (Law no. 8 of 28 February 2020) and then postponed 
to 1 January 2023 (Law no. 21 of 26 February 2021) will implement the full liberalisation of the energy 
market. Precise, definitive criteria governing this transition have not yet been set by the competent 
authorities, but the final outcome is expected to move the customer base that as at 31 December 2022 has not 
opted for a free market supplier autonomously to the free market, most likely through an auction mechanism. 
As at 31 December 2020 A2A Group still has a total of 1,193 million customers under the "protected price 
scheme". How the mechanism will be implemented may have potential negative effect on the Group results 
of operations. 
Hydrological droughts or other changes in weather and atmospheric conditions 
The Group's business is affected in several ways by atmospheric conditions. The Issuer is particularly 
dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in the geographic regions where the 
relevant hydroelectric generation facilities are located. Average temperatures influence customer natural gas, 
heating and electricity consumption needs, driving sales of heating or cooling energy sources, as the case 
may be. Very high temperatures in warmer season can cause damage to electricity distribution networks, 
leading to interruptions of electricity supply because of higher power demand, with potential penalties levied 
on the distributor. Weather conditions influence power generation results in many ways, including both 
overall power demand and production mix at country level (wind, PV, or rain levels). 
Furthermore, extreme weather phenomena (such as floods and landslides) may affect the Group assets as 
well as third-party infrastructures necessary for the performance of the Group's operating activities (such as 
electricity transmission lines) and/or infrastructures relating to the hydraulic systems (such as channels, dams 
and pipelines) and, as a consequence, the Group's production activities and business results. 
Operational risks due to the ownership and management of power stations, co-generation and waste-to-
energy plants, distribution networks and plants 
The Issuer owns and operates power stations, co-generation and waste-to-energy plants, distribution 
networks and plants. Extreme weather phenomena, natural disasters, fire, terrorist attacks, mechanical and/or 
electrical breakdown of or damage to equipment or processes, accidents and labour disputes can cause 
significant damage to the assets and, at worst, production capacity may be compromized. 
All these risk factors could cause increased costs. Furthermore, these risks could cause damage or destruction 
to the Group's facilities and, in turn, injuries to third parties or damage to the environment, along with 
ensuing lawsuits and penalties imposed by the relevant authorities. 
Information technology risk 
The Group's operations are supported by complex information systems, specifically with regard to its 
technical, commercial and administrative divisions. In particular, the Group uses information technology 
systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal 
reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, the Group 
collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the 
proprietary information and personally identifiable information of customers, service providers and 
employees, in data centres and on information technology networks. Operating these information technology 
systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to the 
Issuer's business operations. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated 
computer crime pose a risk to the security of the Group's systems and networks and the confidentiality, 
availability and integrity of its data. A security failure or breach could expose the Group and its customers, 
service providers and employees to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromise of 
confidential information, loss of financial resources, manipulation and destruction of data and operational 
disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect the Group's reputation, competitive position, businesses and

--- Page 29 ---
29 
  
results of operations. Security breaches could also result in litigation, regulatory action, unauthorized release 
of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data, as well as higher operational and 
other costs of implementing further data protection measures. 
Legal and non-compliance risk 
Legal and non-compliance risk concerns the failure to comply, in full or in part, with the European, national, 
regional and local rules and regulations with which the Group must comply for the activities that it carries 
out. The violation of such rules and regulations may result in criminal, civil and/or administrative 
proceedings and/or penalties, as well as damage to the Issuer's balance sheet, financial position and 
reputation. With regard to specific cases, the violation of regulations for the protection of workers' health and 
safety and of the environment, and the violation of anti-corruption rules or data protection rules, may also 
result in sanctions against A2A and its subsidiaries based on the administrative liability of entities 
(Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001).  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes (but is not intended to be 
an exhaustive description): 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), there is 
no obligation under the Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 20 per cent. or less of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, and the Issuer’s right 
to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the 
exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons. 
If, as a result of a change in the applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer becomes obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Notes may be redeemed at the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
  
option of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates and this could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks related to any Second-party Opinions which may be provided in respect of any Notes issued as "Green 
Bonds" and/or any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Bonds”) 
In May 2021, A2A adopted a new sustainable finance framework combining both use of proceeds principles 
and sustainability-linked principles (the Sustainable Finance Framework). The Sustainable Finance 
Framework has been developed to show how A2A intends to continue supporting its sustainability strategy 
and vision via the utilisation of various green and sustainability-linked financing instruments, in accordance 
with the Green Bond Principles (the GBP) and the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (the SLBP) 
administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the Green Loan Principles (the 
GLP) and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the SLLP) administered by the Loan Market 
Association (LMA). The Sustainable Finance Framework was reviewed by Vigeo Eiris which provided a 
second-party opinion confirming the alignment of the Sustainable Finance Framework with the GBP, the 
SLBP, the GLP and the SLLP (the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion). The 
Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion or any other opinion, report or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes as “Green Bonds” or any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-Linked Bonds”) 
(together with the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion, the Second-party Opinions) may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” or any Step Up 
Notes (“Sustainability-Linked Bonds”) issued under the Programme. Any Second-party Opinion would not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. A withdrawal of the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion or any other relevant 
Second-party Opinion may affect the value of any such Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and/or Step Up Notes 
(“Sustainability-Linked Bonds”) and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in sustainability-linked assets. A2A does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any 
update or revision to the Sustainable Finance Framework and/or information to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of publication of the Sustainable Finance Framework and, therefore, an update

--- Page 31 ---
31 
  
or a revision of the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion may or may not be requested to 
Vigeo Eiris or other providers of Second-party Opinions. 
Moreover, Second-party Opinion providers are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Any Second-party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, any member of the Group, the Dealers, any Second-party Opinion providers, the External Verifier (as 
defined in Condition 4.3) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and/or 
any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-Linked Bonds”). Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of 
the Dealers or the provider of any Second-party Opinion for the contents of any such Second-party Opinion, 
which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any Second-party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such Second-party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes issued as “Green 
Bonds” and/or any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-Linked Bonds”). Any withdrawal of any Second-party 
Opinion or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is opining on or certifying on may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and/or any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-
Linked Bonds”) and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
In respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds" there can be no assurance that the relevant use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
If in respect of any issue of Notes there is a particular use of proceeds including Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined under "Use of Proceeds" below), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information set out in such Final Terms regarding use of proceeds and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In the event that the Issuer decides to apply the proceeds from the issue of any Notes for Eligible Green 
Projects, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Green Projects which have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in the 
manner described in the Final Terms and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project(s) or use(s). Nor can there be any assurance 
that any such projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus 
for a particular project to be defined as, a "green" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. 
On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy 
Regulation). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", 
which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities 
can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Taxonomy Regulation has been recently enacted and a 
first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
  
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) was approved in principle on 21 April 2021 
and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the colegislators. A second delegated act for the 
remaining objectives will be published in 2022. As a result, there is currently no clear definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including the 
Sustainable Finance Framework Second Party Opinion) which may or may not be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification (including the Sustainable Finance Framework Second Party Opinion) is not, nor shall 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or 
certification (including the Sustainable Finance Framework Second Party Opinion) may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of "Green Bonds". In addition, any 
such opinion or certification (including the Sustainable Finance Framework Second Party Opinion) is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification (including the Sustainable Finance Framework 
Second Party Opinion) is only current as of the date it is released. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification (including the Sustainable Finance 
Framework Second Party Opinion) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions, reports and certifications (including the Sustainable Finance Framework Second Party 
Opinion) are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See “Risks related to any 
Second-party Opinions which may be provided in respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds" and/or any 
Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Bonds”)” above. 
Furthermore, in the event that such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated green, 
environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including 
any Eligible Green Projects, and/or the withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended by the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
  
Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used to finance or refinance green project. 
The relevant proceeds will be used for Eligible Green Projects in the manner described in "Use of Proceeds" 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and in this Base Prospectus. 
Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Bonds”) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions), such Notes may not 
satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics. Step Up Notes may or may not be marketed as green bonds, depending on 
whether the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes or if the Issuer 
intends to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or 
sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. The intended use 
of proceeds in respect of any issue of Step Up Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. See also 
“Risks related to any Second-party Opinions which may be provided in respect of any Notes issued as 
"Green Bonds" and/or any Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Bonds”)” and “In respect of any Notes 
issued as "Green Bonds" there can be no assurance that the relevant use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor” above. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of Step Up Notes depends on a definition of, as the case 
may be, the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity and/or Renewable Energy Capacity Installation and/or the 
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or 
expectations or other definitions relevant to renewable energy and/or greenhouse gas emissions and/or 
material recovery. The Issuer defines Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity as the ratio between absolute 
greenhouse gas emissions and gross energy production (electricity and heat) from sources that are owned or 
controlled by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and acquired 
companies, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and reported in its NFD Report. The Issuer includes 
within Renewable Energy Capacity Installation, the sum of the installed capacity of renewable power plants 
which can include any of the following types of plants: solar photovoltaic panels, solar thermal energy 
systems, hydropower, and wind turbines owned by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations or by merged and acquired companies. The Renewable Energy Capacity Installation is calculated 
in good faith by the Issuer and reported by the Issuer in its NFD Report. The Issuer defines the Waste 
Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants as the total amount of waste treated (municipal and special), 
including preparation prior to recovery, aimed at recovering material at the Group’s plants (expressed in Mt), 
owned by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and acquired companies 
as of a given date, including all types of plants already owned by the Group as at 31 December 2020, 
reported by the Issuer in its NFD Report, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer. In each case, the Issuer 
has not obtained third-party analysis of its definition of Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity or Renewable 
Energy Capacity Installation or Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants or related definitions or 
how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than (a) the relevant External 
Verifier's confirmation pursuant to the relevant External Verifier Assurance Report, in accordance with its 
customary procedures, of, as relevant, (i) the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity as of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission 
Intensity Reference Date, each according to the Issuer's definition thereof and (b) the Limited Assurance 
Report prepared by the independent auditors of the Issuer in respect of the Group’s NFD Report and (c) the 
Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion; (ii) the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation of 
the Issuer (or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and acquired companies) as of the 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date and (iii) the Waste Treated in Group’s Material 
Recovery Plants of the Issuer (or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and acquired 
companies) as of the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
  
Although the Issuer targets (i) increasing the proportion of its total installed capacity constituted by 
renewable sources, (ii) increasing the material recovery and (iii) decreasing its direct greenhouse gas 
emissions, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-
binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments 
the Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets or such investments may become controversial or criticized 
by activist groups or other stakeholders. A Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event shall not occur in the case 
of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Condition, a Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Renewable 
Energy Capacity Installation Condition and a Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event 
shall not occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Waste Treated in Group’s Material 
Recovery Plants Condition, in each case as a result of certain events described in the Conditions. Lastly, no 
Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem 
such Notes, if the Issuer fails to reduce its Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity or fails to increase its Renewable 
Energy Capacity Installation or its Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants.  
A portion of the Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance 
indicators 
A portion of the Group's indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance 
indicators such as Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity, Renewable Energy Capacity Installation and Waste 
Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants (see "Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Bonds”) may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics") 
which must be complied with by the Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up Option applies if specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance 
indicators will result in increased interest amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Group's cost 
of funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition or its results of operations. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the London interbank offered 
rate (LIBOR) and the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of benchmark 
within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority (the 
FCA) register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
  
The EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. In particular, on 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of 
LIBOR published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together 
with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the 
FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies 
and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA 
will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their 
publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of 
US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations 
are expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR and LIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could result in, inter alia, 
adjustment to the terms and conditions, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent or other 
consequences in relation to the Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a "benchmark". 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Events (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor

--- Page 36 ---
36 
  
Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer and that 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The IBA announcement and FCA 
announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain 
of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are not 
immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in applicable law or administrative 
practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, save 
that provisions convening meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative in 
respect of any Series of Notes are subject to compliance with mandatory provisions of Italian law. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law and/or 
Italian law (where applicable) or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such 
change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such case, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
  
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system (each, a listing), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may 
subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no 
assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a 
material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
  
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Agent, any Paying Agent or otherwise) 
is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation 
Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term 
of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The auditors' report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/106d285f481bba41598db32d09cae46e1a, including the information set out at 
the following pages: 
Consolidated balance sheet ............................................  
Pages 6 to 7 
Consolidated income statement .....................................  
Page 8 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income .........  
Page 9 
Consolidated cash-flow statement ..................................  
Pages 10 to 11 
Statement of changes in Group equity............................  
Pages 12 to 13 
Consolidated 
balance 
sheet 
pursuant 
to 
Consob 
Resolution No. 17221 of March 12, 2010 ......................  
 
Pages 20 to 21 
Consolidated income statement pursuant to Consob 
Resolution No. 17221 of March 12, 2010 ......................  
 
Page 22 
Notes to the consolidated annual report .........................  
Pages 23 to 126 
Attachments to the notes to the consolidated annual report 
Pages 127 to 142 
Independent Auditors' Report ........................................  
Pages 143 to 149 
(b) 
the report on operations for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the Report on Operations 
2020), available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/107b93f565da83428e9ede73c0ce689146 including the 
information set out at the following pages: 
Key figures of the A2A Group ........................................  
Pages 9 to 26 
COVID-19 virus health emergency and the Effects of the 
pandemic on annual results and the value of the assets (IAS 
36) 
Pages 27 to 30 
Scenario and market .......................................................  
Pages 31 to 35 
Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group .................................................  
Pages 37 to 85 
Consolidated results and report on operations (other than 
the paragraph headed "Outlook for operations") .............  
Pages 86 to 107 
Analysis of main sectors of activities ..............................  
Pages 109 to 129 
Risks and uncertainties ...................................................  
Pages 131 to 139

--- Page 41 ---
41 
  
Sustainability responsible management...........................  
Pages 141 to 143 
Other information  
Pages 145 to 147 
(c) 
the consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 254/2016 for the year ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer (the Integrated Report 
2020), available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10a1c5ecd8bc8e4becb2e54d7921344c81 including the 
information set out at the following pages: 
The A2A Group and its business model ..........................  
Pages 9 to 20 
Governance ....................................................................  
Pages 21 to 32 
Sustainability strategy ....................................................  
Pages 33 to 58  
Stakeholder engagement and materiality analysis ............  
Pages 59 to 70 
Financial capital .............................................................  
Pages 71 to 82 
Manufacturing capital .....................................................  
Pages 83 to 98 
Natural capital  ...............................................................  
Pages 99 to 120 
Human capital ................................................................  
Pages 121 to 144 
Intellectual capital ..........................................................  
Pages 145 to 158 
Relational capital ............................................................  
Pages 159 to 206 
Independent Auditor's Report .........................................  
Pages 207 to 209 
(d) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1094d96c6ae3664bf7a4e4902144632c0a including the information set out at 
the following pages:  
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................  
Pages 6 to 7 
Consolidated income statement .......................................  
Page 8 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ..........  
Page 9 
Consolidated cash-flow statement ...................................  
Pages 10 to 11 
Statement of changes in Group equity .............................  
Pages 12 to 13 
Consolidated balance sheet pursuant to Consob Resolution 
No. 17221 of March 12, 2010 .........................................  
Pages 20 to 21 
Consolidated income statement pursuant to Consob 
Resolution No. 17221 of March 12, 2010........................  
Page 22 
Notes to the consolidated annual report  ..........................  
Pages 24 to 135 
Attachments to the note to the consolidated annual report 
Pages 138 to 152

--- Page 42 ---
42 
  
Independent Auditors' Report .........................................  
Pages 154 to 159 
(e) 
the report on operations for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the Report on Operations 
2019), available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102dd203acd8f3457a9949fc6a4da0f636 including the 
information set out at the following pages: 
Key figures of the A2A Group ........................................  
Pages 10 to 26 
Scenario and market .......................................................  
Pages 28 to 31 
Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group .................................................  
Pages 34 to 84 
Consolidated results and report on operations (other than 
the paragraph headed "Outlook for operations") .............  
Pages 86 to 104 
Analysis of main sectors of activities ..............................  
Pages 106 to 125 
Risks and uncertainties ...................................................  
Pages 128 to 142 
Other information ...........................................................  
Pages 148 to 149 
(f) 
the consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 254/2016 for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the Integrated Report 2019) of the 
Issuer, available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10c128a19fa1aa44c1b5c68f61cff6f072 , including the 
information set out at the following pages:  
The A2A Group and its business model ..........................  
Pages 9 to 16 
Governance ....................................................................  
Pages 19 to 30 
Sustainability strategy ....................................................  
Pages 33 to 46 
Stakeholder engagement and materiality analysis ............  
Pages 49 to 56 
Financial capital .............................................................  
Pages 59 to 65 
Manufacturing capital .....................................................  
Pages 67 to 79 
Natural capital  ...............................................................  
Pages 81 to 100 
Human capital ................................................................  
Pages 103 to 120 
Intellectual capital ..........................................................  
Pages 123 to 133 
Relational capital ............................................................  
Pages 135 to 184 
Independent Auditor's Report .........................................  
Pages 187 to 189 
(g) 
The press release headed "A2A, Results as at March 31, 2021" published by A2A on 13 May 2021 
and available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10388b2cd6d0d54a65a470fcc5e0de444a, including the 
information set out at the following pages: 
A2A Group – Results by Business Unit ............................ 
Pages 3 to 6

--- Page 43 ---
43 
  
Balance sheet ..................................................................... 
Pages 6 to 11 
Financial position .............................................................. 
Pages 11 to 13 
Business outlook ...................................................... 
Page 14 
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) 
................................................................ 
Page 14 
Consolidated balance sheet ............................................  
Page 16 
Consolidated income statement .....................................  
Page 17 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income .........  
Page 17 
Consolidated cash-flow statement ..................................  
Page 18 
Statement of changes in Group equity............................  
Page 19 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts no listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg and 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
  
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in 
either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing (ii) the Issuer has been

--- Page 45 ---
45 
  
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may 
give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note 
(or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same 
time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of 
a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 14 June 2021 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
  
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which have a denomination of Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
2[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
3[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended the Insurance Distribution Directive)] [the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
4[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
                                                   
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
4  
To include depending on the location of the manufacturers.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
  
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]5 
[Date] 
A2A S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 81560076E3944316DB24 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation(the Base Prospectus). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer (www.a2a.eu). The Base 
Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date 
                                                   
5 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
  
that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph  25 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(Note - where multiple denominations above [Euro 
100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
"[Euro 100,000] and integral multiples of [Euro 1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [Euro 199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [Euro 199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[          ] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
  
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest[, subject to the 
Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs  12 and  13 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Relevant Event Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the Notes 
are subject to the Step Up Option] [   ] per cent. per 
annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below) - 
delete unless the Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date

--- Page 50 ---
50 
  
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below) - 
delete unless the Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
[          ][(the Calculation Agent)]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
  
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 [[    ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate]. 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/specify 
other Relevant Financial Centre] 
Reference Currency: [          ] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate) 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate) 
Specified Time: [          ] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(in the case of LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR)): [Second London business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of Sterling LIBOR): [first day of each 
Interest Period] 
(in the case of euro LIBOR or EURIBOR): [the second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify type of 
day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR or CMS Rate 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes are Step 
Up Notes] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[          ] per cent. per annum] / [as set out in the 
Conditions] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
15. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Event: 
[Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event] [and] 
[Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Event] [and] 
[Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Event]  
(Include all applicable Step Up Events) 
(In relation to a Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event 
only) 
[(i) Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Threshold: 
[●]CO2gr/KWh 
(iii) External Verifier: []] 
(In relation to a Renewable Energy Capacity 
Installation Event only) 
[(i) Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference

--- Page 53 ---
53 
  
Date: [●] 
(ii) Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Percentage 
Threshold: [●] MW 
(iii) External Verifier: []] 
(In relation to a Waste Treated in Group’s Material 
Recovery Plants Event only) 
[(i) Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Threshold: [●] Mt 
(iii) External Verifier: []] 
(b) 
Step Up Margin 
[●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Make-whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [  ]/any date from, and including, the 
Issue Date to but excluding [  ] (being the date that is 90 
days prior to the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[ ] per 
Calculation Amount in the period (the Par Call Period) 
from and including [insert date] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to but excluding [date]] and [[  ] 
per Calculation Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [   ] /in the period from 
and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
(if Make-Whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph) 
 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Dealers: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemed in part:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
  
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a)         Notice Periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[Minimum period: [          ] days] 
[Maximum period: [          ] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Clean-Up Call (Condition 6.5): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
21. 
Relevant Event Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
22. 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event]] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph  5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[Euro 100,000] and integral multiples 
of [Euro 1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[Euro 199,000]." 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert relevant financial centre] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which

--- Page 56 ---
56 
  
sub-paragraphs  13(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made. In such event, on and after the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet. Each Talon shall be deemed to mature in the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures.]/[No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of A2A S.p.A.: 
By: 
 ............................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 57 ---
57 
  
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's][   ] [regulated ] and 
listed on [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][  ] market with effect from [   ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's][   ] [regulated ] and 
listed on [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][  ] market  with effect from [         ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already committed to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  As 
such each of [defined terms] is included in the list of 
credit ratings agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with such Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
  
"Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or lending and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business[, in particular, [the/certain of the Managers/Dealers], have granted loans to the Issuer and/or 
certain affiliates of the Issuer, as the case may be, and part of the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes may be used by the Issuer to repay such loans]"]/ [Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the issuance of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Eligible Green Projects, as set forth in "Use of 
Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus and as further 
specified on the Issuer's website at []] 
(Applicable only in case of securities to be classified as 
green bonds.  If not applicable, delete this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
  
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):  
(vi) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):  
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do not constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be

--- Page 60 ---
60 
  
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall 
complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by A2A S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 14 June 2021 and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents). The Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for their respective Trade Dates, 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
  
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
14 June 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies thereof are available for viewing at 
the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. If this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United 
Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only 
be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such

--- Page 63 ---
63 
  
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of 
Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) will, create or permit to subsist 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge, garanzia reale under Italian law or other security interest having 
a similar effect (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, the whole or any part of its 
present or future assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
(as defined below) without, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same 
time and, in any other case, promptly, taking any and all necessary action to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and any related Coupons are secured by 
the Security Interest equally and rateably with such Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the foregoing restrictions will not apply to (A) any Security arising pursuant to any 
mandatory provision of law other than as a result of any action taken by the Issuer or a 
Material Subsidiary; (B) any Security Interest existing over the assets of a company which 
becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date of the relevant Final Terms where such Security 
Interest already exists at the time that such a company becomes (or is merged, consolidated 
or amalgamated into) a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer (provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, that company becoming 
(or being merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer and 
provided further that the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in 
connection with, that company becoming (or being merged, consolidated or amalgamated

--- Page 64 ---
64 
  
into) a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer); (C) any Security Interest created in substitution of 
any Security Interest permitted under paragraph (i)(B) above over the same or substituted 
assets provided that the principal amount secured by the substitute Security Interest does not 
exceed the principal amount outstanding and secured by the initial Security Interest; (D) any 
Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset acquired by the person 
creating the Security and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose 
of financing or refinancing that acquisition, provided that the principal amount of such 
Relevant Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that acquisition; (E) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset improved, 
constructed, altered or repaired and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the 
sole purpose of financing or refinancing such improvement, construction, alteration or 
repair, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not exceed 
the overall cost of that improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or  
(ii) 
nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries from 
creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest to secure Relevant Indebtedness upon, 
or with respect to, any of its present or future assets (including receivables) or revenues or 
any part thereof which is created (A) pursuant to any limited recourse financing, factoring, 
securitisation, asset backed financing or like arrangement whereby all payment obligations 
in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the 
Relevant Indebtedness, as the case may be, secured by such Security Interest or having the 
benefit of such secured guarantee or other indemnity, are to be discharged solely from such 
assets (including receivables) or revenues or (B) in connection with Project Finance 
Indebtedness incurred in the form of Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below); or 
(iii) 
 the foregoing restrictions will not apply to any Security that does not fall within 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above and that secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when 
aggregated with Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security permitted under this 
subparagraph, does not exceed 10% of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Group as at the 
date of the creation of the Security. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures or other 
securities which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
Project means any project carried out, directly and/or indirectly, by an Person pursuant to one or 
more contracts for (i) the ownership, acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part), development, 
design, construction, upgrading, leasing, operation and/or maintenance of any asset(s) (including, 
without limitation, Concession(s) granted by public entities and/or authorities), infrastructure or 
businesses reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof and/or (ii) the 
ownership and/or acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part) of any interest or equity 
participations in, or shareholder loans to, one or more Persons, directly and/or indirectly, holding 
and/or managing such assets, infrastructure or Concession(s) and/or operating such businesses, 
where any member of the Group has an interest in the Person (whether alone or together with other 
partners) and any member of the Group finances and/or refinances the investment required in the 
project with Project Finance Indebtedness, shareholder loans and/or such Person's share capital or 
other equity contributions.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
  
Project Finance Indebtedness means any present or future Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as 
defined in Condition 9.2) incurred to finance or refinance a Project where the recourse of the 
creditors thereof is limited to any or all of (a) the relevant Project (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Concession(s) or assets related thereto and the cash flows arising therefrom), (b) the share 
capital of, or other equity contribution to, the Person or Persons developing, financing or otherwise 
directly or indirectly involved in the relevant Project, (c) the proceeds deriving from the enforcement 
of any security taken over all or any part of the assets relating to the Project (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any interest or equity participations in the relevant Person or Persons holding, 
directly and/or indirectly, the relevant assets or Concession(s) and/or operating the relevant business) 
and (d) other credit support (including, without limitation, completion guarantees and contingent 
equity obligations) customarily provided in support of such indebtedness, provided that, for the 
purposes of Condition 9.1(c), Project Finance Indebtedness shall not include sub-paragraph (d) 
above. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified

--- Page 67 ---
67 
  
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2 - (a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as specified 
below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest

--- Page 68 ---
68 
  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
specified Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial 
Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the specified Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
  
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of I 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of II above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph, the Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the specified Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time (being 11.00 a.m. London time, in the case of a determination of the 
London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR), or 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of 
a determination of the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR)) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the specified Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the specified Margin (if 
any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different specified Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the specified Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the specified Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a

--- Page 70 ---
70 
  
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer and in the case 
of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or EURIBOR, the 
principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different specified Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the specified Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the specified Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading

--- Page 71 ---
71 
  
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
Designated Maturity, Margin and Relevant Screen Page shall have the meaning 
given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
(the ISDA Definitions)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is 
equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, 
to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 
USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 72 ---
72 
  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
  
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
  
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines to be 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant

--- Page 75 ---
75 
  
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
4.3 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 4.3 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of a Step Up Event will be notified 
by the Issuer to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders on the 
Step Up Event Notification Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of 
Interest, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3: 
CO2 means carbon dioxide; 
CO2eq means carbon dioxide equivalent; 
Energy Production is the activity indicator for the power generation sector and represents the 
number of MWh generated; 
External Verifier means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event, a qualified provider of third-party 
assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date of the 
Notes to review the Issuer's statement of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that External Verifier specified in the Final Terms 
resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or 
attestation services appointed by the Issuer to review the Issuer's statement of the Scope 1 
CO2 Emission Intensity; 
(b) 
in relation to a Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Event, a qualified provider of third-
party assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date of 
the Notes to review the Issuer's statement of the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that External Verifier specified in the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
  
Final Terms resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other qualified provider of third-party 
assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer to review the Issuer's statement of 
the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation; and 
(c) 
in relation to Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event, a qualified provider 
of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the Notes, to review the Issuer's statement of the Waste Treated in Group’s 
Material Recovery Plants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that 
External Verifier specified in the Final Terms resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other 
qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer 
review the Issuer's statement of the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants;  
External Verifier Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Available 
Information); 
GHG means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the atmosphere 
contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) carbon dioxide (CO2), methane 
(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFC), perfluorocarbons (PFC), sulfur 
hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3); 
GHG Report is a section included in the NFD Report or any other Separate Report focused on the 
Science Based Target initiatives (SBTi), providing the Group's physical emissions for the Group's 
chosen Inventory boundary in accordance with Science Based Target Criteria 4.2; 
Initial Rate of Interest means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inventory means a quantified list of the Group's GHG Emissions and sources; 
kWh means kilowatt hour; 
Limited Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Available Information); 
Material Recovery means any recovery operation (including, inter alia, preparing for re-use, 
recycling and backfilling) which is made in a material recovery plant or in a selection plant (in each 
case including, in a different stage of process, paper, plastic, glass and OFMSW selection, treatment 
and/or recovery) whose main result is to allow waste to still play a useful role, replacing other 
materials, which would otherwise have been used to perform a particular function;   
Mt means mega tonnes; 
MW means megawatt; 
MWh means megawatt hour; 
NFD Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Available Information); 
OFMSW means organic fraction of the municipal solid waste; 
Renewable Energy Capacity means the maximum instantaneous power (technical data sheet or dati 
di targa) expressed in MW that a renewable power plant, (which can include any of the following 
types of plants: solar photovoltaic panels, solar thermal energy systems, hydropower, hydroelectric 
and wind turbines) is able to produce; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation means the amount of Renewable Energy Capacity 
(expressed in MW) owned by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by

--- Page 77 ---
77 
  
merged and acquired companies as of a given date, including hydro plants capacity already owned 
by the Group as at 31 December 2020, reported by the Issuer in its NFD Report, as calculated in 
good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier as of the Renewable Energy Capacity 
Installation Reference Date and published by the Issuer on or prior to the Step Up Event Notification 
Date on its website in accordance with Condition 14 (Available Information) and in accordance with 
applicable law; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Condition means the notification in writing by the Issuer 
to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the Step Up Event 
Notification Date that the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation as of the Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation Reference Date was equal to or exceeded the relevant Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation Threshold; and that such Renewable Energy Capacity Installation as of the 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier 
in accordance with its customary procedures; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Condition provided that no Renewable Energy Capacity 
Installation Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation Condition due to:  
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies, or 
(b) 
the removal of the concession granted to A2A with respect to the management of its 
hydropower assets; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Threshold means the threshold specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Threshold; 
Science Based Target Criteria 3.0 means the document entitled “SBTi Criteria and 
Recommendations, TWG-INF-002, Version 3.0 dated May 23, 2018” (in respect of submissions 
made between 23 May 2018 and 15 October 2019) released by the SBTi that includes the list of 
compulsory recommendations that must be met in order for target(s) to be recognized by the SBTi; 
Science Based Target initiatives or SBTi means the initiative that stems from the collaboration 
between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the 
World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) aimed at verifying 
alignment with the indications of the Paris Agreement reached at the 21st Conference of the Parties 
to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 21); 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity means the ratio between absolute Scope 1 GHG Emissions 
(expressed in grams of CO2eq) and Energy Production (expressed in kWh), reported by the Issuer in 
its NFD Report, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier as of 
the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference Date and published by the Issuer on or prior to the 
Step Up Event Notification Date on its website in accordance with Condition 14 (Available 
Information) and in accordance with applicable law; 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Condition means the notification in writing by the Issuer to the 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the Step Up Event 
Notification Date that the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity as of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity 
Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Threshold,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
  
and that such Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity as of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference 
Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 CO2 
Emission Intensity Condition, provided that no Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event shall occur in 
case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Condition due to 
either: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies, applicable to and/or relating to (i) the closure of the thermo-electric power plants 
owned by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and 
acquired companies, being delayed or (ii) a required conversion of the thermo-electric power 
plants owned by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged 
and acquired companies, to gas power plants; or 
(b) 
the relevant energy concessions granted to the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations or by merged and acquired companies, being amended, revoked or the relevant 
expiration date being shortened; 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference Date is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Threshold means the threshold expressed in CO2 grams per kWh 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Threshold; 
Scope 1 GHG Emissions means GHGs absolute emissions which are released into the atmosphere, , 
reported in the form of amount of emissions in mega tonnes of CO2eq, which occur from sources that 
are owned by or controlled by the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by 
merged and acquired companies, including biogas losses released in owned or controlled landfills, 
losses from natural gas distribution networks under management, or emissions from combustion in 
owned or controlled power plants vehicles owned or controlled process equipment;  
Step Up Date means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event, the first day of the next Interest 
Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the NFD Report as of 
and for the period ending on the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference Date pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Available Information); 
(b) 
in relation to a Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Event, the first day of the next 
Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the NFD Report 
as of and for the period ending on the Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference 
Date pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information); and 
(c) 
in relation to a Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event, the first day of the 
next Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the NFD 
Report as of and for the period ending on the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery 
Plants Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information);  
Step Up Event means either a Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event and/or Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation Event and/or Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Step Up Event Notification Date means a Business Day falling no later than 30 days prior to the 
Step Up Date; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
  
Step Up Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin.  
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants means the total amount of waste treated 
(municipal and special), including preparation prior to recovery, aimed at recovering material at the 
Group’s Material Recovery plants (expressed in Mega Tonnes (Mt)), owned by the Issuer or its 
consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and acquired companies as of a given 
date, including all types of plants already owned by the Group as at 31 December 2020, reported by 
the Issuer in its NFD Report, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External 
Verifier as of the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date and published 
by the Issuer on or prior to the Step Up Event Notification Date on its website in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Available Information) and in accordance with applicable law; 
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Condition means the notification in writing 
by the Issuer to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the 
Step Up Event Notification Date that the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants as of 
the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date was equal to or exceeded the 
relevant Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Threshold; and that such Waste Treated 
in Group’s Material Recovery Plants as of the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary 
procedures; 
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event means the failure of the Issuer to 
satisfy the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Condition provided that no Waste 
Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to 
satisfy the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Condition due to an amendment to, 
or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies; 
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date is the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Threshold means the threshold specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Threshold; 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.5 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.5 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 80 ---
80 
  
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as may be determined by the Issuer) in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.5(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer.  
In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if any is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.5. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 4.5); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.5). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then

--- Page 81 ---
81 
  
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 4 (Interest), if in the opinion of the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under Condition 4 
(Interest), the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.5 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.5(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.5 will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and each Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.5(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(B)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.5: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.5(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the 
relevant Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(d); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used, either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for the Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b) to (e) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on:  
(A) 
in the case of (b) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the Original 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
  
(B)  
in the case of (c) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate;  
(C) 
in the case of (d) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited 
from being used; or 
(D) 
in the case of (e) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is deemed no 
longer to be representative or become subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences,  
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B), (C) or (D) above, as 
applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a 
Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.5(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
  
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
  
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and

--- Page 87 ---
87 
  
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by a Director of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment and the Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the holders of Notes or Coupons. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) below 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or: 
(i)  
in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes only, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by any of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) or any 
international credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent 
entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the 
Issuer, the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at 
the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date or;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
  
(ii) 
in the case of Step Up Notes only, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by any of the Reference Dealers or any international credit institution 
or financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer, the sum of present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of principal of the Step Up Notes to be redeemed 
and interest thereon to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date) (calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest until the interest period immediately 
following the Step Up Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be the Subsequent Rate of Interest unless the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity 
Condition or Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Condition or the Waste 
Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Condition, as the case may be, has 
been satisfied and the Issuer has provided the notice described in the definition of 
the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Condition or Renewable Energy Capacity 
Installation Condition or the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants 
Condition, as the case may be, in Condition 4.3 within the deadline provided therein 
confirming the satisfaction of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Condition or the 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Condition or the Waste Treated in Group’s 
Material Recovery Plants Condition, as the case may be) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin;  
plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
Par Call Period Commencement Date has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms;  
Par Call Period has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms;  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; 
Reference Dealers shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Rate of Interest means the rate of interest applicable from and including the first day 
of the next interest period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish pursuant to 
Condition 4.3 the NFD Report in respect of the relevant Scope 1 CO•  Emission Intensity, 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation or Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants. All 
notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 by the Agent, shall (in the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
  
absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period 
commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
6.5 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including 
any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16) remains outstanding, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Notes in that Series at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Relevant Event Put) 
This Condition 6.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholders, such option being referred to as an Investor Put or a Relevant Event 
Put, as the case may be. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor 
Put or Relevant Event Put, as the case may be, and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.6 for full information on any Investor Put or Relevant Event Put, as the case may be. In particular 
the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If: 
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, upon the expiry of such notice; and/or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
  
(b) 
Relevant Event Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) during the period ending on the 60th day following 
the public announcement of the relevant Put Event (the Relevant Notice Period), 
the Issuer will, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the applicable notice period/Relevant Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required 
to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, 
within the applicable notice period/Relevant Notice Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice (as referred to above) or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 6.6 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6 and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of Condition 6.6(b) above, a Put Event shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
Any of (A) a Change of Control or (B) a Concession Event (each, a Relevant Event) occurs; 
and 
(b) 
at the time of the later of the first public announcement and the occurrence of the Relevant 
Event, the Notes carry from any Rating Agency either: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the occurrence of the Relevant Event either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or 
(in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any 
other Rating Agency; or

--- Page 91 ---
91 
  
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the occurrence of the Relevant Event downgraded by one or 
more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 
180-day period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the later of the first 
public announcement and the occurrence of the Relevant Event an investment grade 
credit rating to the Notes 
(each, a Rating Event), and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in 
part, from the Relevant Event; 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if more than 50 per cent. of the share capital of the 
Issuer, or more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the 
Issuer, is acquired by any Person or Persons Acting in Concert (other than Reference Shareholders); 
A Concession Event shall be deemed to occur if at any time one or more of the Concessions (as 
defined below) granted to the Issuer or to any of its Material Subsidiaries is terminated (prior to the 
original stated termination date) or revoked in accordance with its terms or otherwise expires at its or 
their original stated termination date(s) and is not extended or renewed, and such Concession or, as 
the case may be, Concessions, taken together (in the case the termination of more than one 
Concession)constitute the whole or a substantial part of the Group's business, as defined in Condition 
9.1(e), provided that the prorogatio regime to which a Concession may be subject between its expiry 
at the relevant stated termination date and the extension, renewal or new award of such Concession 
will not constitute a Concession Event. 
Rating Agency means S&P and/or Moody's and/or any other internationally recognised rating 
agency which has assigned a rating (which rating was originally solicited by the Issuer) to any of the 
Issuer and/or the Issuer's debt and/or the Programme, where Moody's means Moody's France SAS 
and S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Concession means a written contract, an authorisation, a statutory provision or an administrative 
instrument pursuant to which an entity is entrusted by one or more public national or local 
authorities or entities (such as, inter alios, ministries or municipalities) with the management of 
public services/utilities or services of public interest in relation to, inter alia, (i) large hydroelectric 
derivation concessions, (ii) concessions for thermoelectric power plants, (iii) distribution of natural 
gas, (iv) electricity distribution, (v) integrated water service, (vi) district heating, (vii) public lighting 
and (viii) solid urban waste collection and street cleaning.  
Person(s) Acting in Concert shall have the meaning set forth in Article 101-bis of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and relevant implementing measures; 
Reference Shareholders means the municipality of Milan and the municipality of Brescia. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 

y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 



 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365), 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Where permitted by applicable law and regulation, all 
Notes purchased pursuant to this Condition 6.8 may be cancelled or held, reissued or resold at the 
discretion of the relevant purchaser. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 or 6.6 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
  
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payments – Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any 
Notes or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or future similar law and any related implementing regulations 
(each as amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(e) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy. 
  
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer 
nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding.  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer become subject in 
respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
  
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 
(Payments – Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Payments – Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
30 days following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Project Finance Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
(as defined below) becomes, or becomes capable of being declared, due and repayable prior 
to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (however described) and otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than, for the avoidance 
of doubt, Project Finance Indebtedness) on the due date for payment and any such failure is 
not cured within any originally applicable grace period; or (iii) any security given by the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Project Finance Indebtedness) becomes enforceable; or (iv) default 
is made by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
(other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Project Finance Indebtedness) of any person, 
provided that no such events under (i) to (iv) above shall constitute an Event of Default if (1) 
the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in good faith by all appropriate 
means, including, where applicable, in a competent court or before a competent arbitration 
panel, that the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) or any such guarantee and/or indemnity is due and/or enforceable, as 
appropriate or (2) the aggregate Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Project Finance Indebtedness) relating to all such events which shall 
have occurred and be continuing and, in the case of (iii) only the amount recovered or sought

--- Page 95 ---
95 
  
to be recovered, shall amount to less than Euro 60,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than for the purpose of 
a Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below) that, in the case of a Permitted 
Reorganisation relating to the Issuer, does not result in a Rating Downgrade (as defined 
below)) and such order or resolution is not discharged or cancelled within 60 days, save for 
the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if (A) the Issuer, acting directly or through its Material Subsidiaries ceases or publicly 
announces to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of the Group's business as it is 
at any given time (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation that, in the 
case of a Permitted Reorganisation relating to the Issuer, does not result in a Rating 
Downgrade), save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders (and provided that the occurrence of a 
Concession event (as defined in Condition 6.6) shall not give rise to an Event of Default 
under this Condition 9.1(e)(A), or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or 
announces that it shall stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or 
for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent (for 
the purposes of this paragraph (e), a substantial part of any entity's business means a part of 
the relevant entity's business which accounts for 30 per cent. or more of the Consolidated 
Total Assets and/or consolidated total revenues as determined by reference to the most 
recently available audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of the Issuer); or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation (liquidazione coatta), insolvency (fallimento), composition 
(concordato preventivo), reorganisation (amministrazione straordinaria) or other similar 
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver (curatore), manager, administrator (commissario 
straordinario o liquidatore) or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or substantial part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the 
whole or substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in 
any such case (other than the appointment of an administrator or an administrative receiver 
appointed following presentation of a petition for an administration order) unless initiated by 
the relevant company, is not contested in good faith by all appropriate means or is not 
discharged within 60 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or shareholders) 
initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the 
obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters 
into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors);

--- Page 96 ---
96 
  
(h) 
if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or any such obligations cease or will cease to be 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(i)  
if any event occurs which, under the laws of the Republic of Italy, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Consolidated Total Assets means at any time the aggregate amount of total consolidated assets of 
the Issuer, as determined by reference to the latest annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (a) money borrowed, (b) liabilities under or in respect 
of any loan, acceptance or acceptance credit, (c) any note, bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan 
stock or other security issued, offered or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, 
acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or part for a 
consideration other than cash; 
Material Subsidiary means at any time any fully consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, 
and without taking into account intra-group revenues) or whose total assets (consolidated in 
the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent in each case not less than 
15 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
A certificate signed by one Director of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or 
is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
Permitted Reorganisation means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, by any 
of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, by means of any reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation, reconstruction, contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, 
or any kind of disposal of all or any of its assets or its going concern or other similar arrangement 
(including, without limitation, leasing of the assets or going concern) while solvent and in which the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, such Material Subsidiary, is the continuing entity under which the 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary are assumed by the entity 
resulting from such reorganisation and, where the same involves the Issuer, such entity assumes the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
  
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been delivered to the Agent confirming the same 
prior to the effective date of such reorganisation; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
A Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred if, at the time of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Reorganisation, the Notes carry from any 
Rating Agency either: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Reorganisation either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn 
and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to 
an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within 180-days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Reorganisation downgraded by one or 
more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 180-day 
period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Reorganisation an investment grade 
credit rating to the Notes, 
provided that, in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in 
part, from the Permitted Reorganisation; 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person is held by 
the First Person; or 
(b) 
in which the First Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the First Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person; and 
 
(c) 
whose accounts are required to be consolidated with those of the First Person pursuant to 
article 26 of Law 127 of 1991; 
in the case of (a) and (b), pursuant to the provisions of Article 2359, first paragraph, no. 1 and no. 2, 
of the Italian Civil Code. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
  
indemnity as the Issuer and Agent may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (Payments – General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London 
and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant

--- Page 99 ---
99 
  
authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
the second business day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
14. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 14 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 
December published after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies the Step Up Event being a Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Event, 
Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Event or a Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery 
Plants Event, the Issuer will publish on its website and in accordance with applicable laws (i) its 
Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity and/or its Renewable Energy Capacity Installation and/or its Waste 
Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants, in each case (a) as indicated in the Group's 
consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree 
254/2016 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) or equivalent document prepared 
pursuant to applicable legislation, and subsequent amendments and supplements thereto (which shall 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, the Group's GHG Report) (the NFD Report) or (b) as included 
in a separate document published by the Issuer (the Separate Report) and (ii) in respect of the NFD 
Report, an independent auditor’s report on the consolidated disclosure of non-financial information 
in accordance with Article 3, par. 10, of Legislative Decree 254/2016 and with Article 5 of 
CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution n. 20267 of January 18, 2018 (the Limited 
Assurance Report) or, in respect of the Separate Report, a verification assurance report issued by 
the External Verifier in respect of the Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity and/or Renewable Energy 
Capacity Installation and/or the Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants included in the 
Separate Report. Each Limited Assurance Report and NFD Report (or Separate Report accompanied 
by a verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier) will be published concurrently 
with the publication of the independent auditor's reports on the annual financial reports and will have 
the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor's report; provided that to the extent the 
Issuer reasonably determines that additional time is required to complete any Limited Assurance 
Report and the NFD Report (or Separate Report accompanied by a verification assurance report 
issued by the External Verifier), then the relevant Limited Assurance Report and the NFD Report (or 
Separate Report accompanied by a verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier) may

--- Page 100 ---
100 
  
be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days, subsequent to the 
date of publication of the independent auditor's report. 
Furthermore, on or before the relevant Step Up Event Notification Date following each Scope 1 CO2 
Emission Intensity Reference Date and/or Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date 
and/or Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date and/or, as applicable, the 
Issuer will publish on its website an assurance report issued by the External Verifier in respect of, as 
applicable, its Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity at the relevant Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity 
Reference Date and/or its Renewable Energy Capacity Installation as at the relevant Renewable 
Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date and/or its Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery 
Plants at the relevant Waste Treated in Group’s Material Recovery Plants Reference Date (the 
External Verifier Assurance Report). The External Verifier Assurance Report will be published as 
soon as reasonably practicable following each Scope 1 CO2 Emission Intensity Reference Date 
and/or Renewable Energy Capacity Installation Reference Date and/or Waste Treated in Group’s 
Material Recovery Plants Reference Date, as applicable, but in no event later than the Step Up Event 
Notification Date.  
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. All meetings of the Noteholders will be 
held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian law in force at the time (including, without 
limitation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended) and the By-laws of the 
Issuer in force from time to time. Accordingly, the provisions contained in the Agency Agreement 
shall be deemed to be amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that any Italian laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations dealing with the meetings of the Noteholders or the relevant 
provisions in the By-laws of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding.  
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the 
meeting of Noteholders is empowered to resolve upon the following matters: (i) the appointment and 
revocation of the Noteholders' Representative, (ii) any amendment to these Conditions, (iii) motions 
for the composition with creditors (concordato) of the relevant Issuer; (iv) establishment of a fund 
for the expenses necessary for the protection of the common interests of the Noteholders and the 
related statements of account; and (v) any other matter of common interest to the Noteholders. 
Italian law currently provides that such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall be convened by either of 
them upon the request of any Noteholder(s) holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. If the meeting has not been convened following 
such request of the Noteholders, the same may be convened by a decision of the competent court in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 2367, paragraph 2, of the Italian Civil Code. Every such 
meeting shall be held at such time as indicated in the notice of meeting and at such place as provided 
pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Such a meeting will be validly held if (i) in the case of a sole call meeting, there are one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes; or (ii) (a) in the case of a first meeting, there are one or more persons 
present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one half of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding; (b) in the case of a second meeting, following 
adjournment of first meeting for want of quorum, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding more than one third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding; and (c) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, there are one or 
more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one fifth of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided however that that the Issuer's

--- Page 101 ---
101 
  
By-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable Italian law) provide for a 
higher quorum. 
The majority required to pass a resolution at any meeting (including any adjourned meeting) 
convened to vote on any resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two 
thirds of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding represented at the 
meeting; provided, however, that (A) certain proposals (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes 
or the Coupons) may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting (including adjourned 
meetings as provided under Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code) of Noteholders by the higher of 
(i) one or more persons holding or representing not less than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting, provided however that a different majority 
(higher or lower depending on the circumstances and the amount of Notes represented at the 
meeting) may be required pursuant to Article 2369 paragraph 7, of the Italian Civil Code and (B) the 
Issuer's by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for 
higher majorities. 
Officers and statutory auditors of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the Noteholders' meetings but 
not participate or vote with reference to the Notes held by the Issuer. Any resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders' Representative), 
subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, will be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the 
Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' interests under these Conditions and to give 
effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders' Representative is not 
appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the Noteholders' Representative shall be appointed by a 
decree of the court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or at the request of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders' 
Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed 
again thereafter and shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil 
Code. 
In derogation from Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in 
the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law or with the 
provisions of the Issuer's By-laws (statuto) applicable to the convening of meetings, 
quorums and the majorities required to pass a resolution entered into force at any time while 
the Notes remain outstanding. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
  
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the issue price, the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
Condition 14 (Available Information) and the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning the 
meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholder's Representative in respect of the 
Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and 
the Agent and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b)  
For the purposes of this Clause 18.2, each of the Issuer and the Agent and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints The Italian Chamber of Commerce and Industry for the UK at 1 Princes Street, 
London W1B 2AY, United Kingdom, if different, its registered office for the time being as its agent 
for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of The Italian Chamber of Commerce and 
Industry for the UK ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
  
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit and/or refinancing existing 
indebtedness of the Issuer and/or of its subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the Sustainable 
Finance Framework). 
Only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects (referred to under (b) above) will be 
denominated "Green Bonds". 
In case of project divestment, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the "Green Bonds" will be used to 
finance or refinance other Eligible Green Projects. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4.3 (Step Up Option), the Rate of Interest payable in respect of Step Up 
Notes is linked to specific sustainable Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) in line with the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles, as better indicated in the Sustainable Finance Framework. Tranches of such Step Up 
Notes will be denominated "Sustainability-linked Bonds". 
Therefore, the Issuer may issue "Green Bonds", "Sustainability-linked Bonds" or a combination of both. 
For more information on the Sustainable Finance Framework, please refer to section "Description of the 
Issuer", paragraph "Sustainable Finance". 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects means projects with a positive impact in terms of environmental sustainability, in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects pursuant to the then applicable 
"Green Bond Principles" set out by the International Capital Market Association, as further specified under 
the "Sustainable Finance Framework" published on the Issuer’s website (www.a2aenergia.eu) and, if any, 
under "Use of Proceeds" set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
  
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
A2A S.p.A. (A2A or the Issuer) and its consolidated subsidiaries (together, the Group or the A2A Group) 
form one of Italy's largest industrial groups, with approximately Euro 6,862 million revenues and Euro 1,204 
million EBITDA for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
A2A plays a key role in the energy transition process and implements the principles of circular economy in 
all its activities. A2A is a well-diversified group, engaged in generation, sale and distribution of electricity 
and gas, waste collection and recovery district heating, e-mobility, smart cities, integrated water services and 
public lighting. In particular, the Issuer operates in these business segments through five business units. In 
this respect, see also "The Issuer" and "Group Structure and Business Model" below. 
A2A operates throughout Italy, with a historic geographical presence concentrated in Northern Italy. A2A is 
among the largest electricity producers in Italy, with approximately 9 GW of installed capacity and a 
production mix geared towards renewable sources Hydro production represents around a quarter of installed 
capacity, while Waste-to-energy (WtE) plants account for approximately 2.5 Mt, allowing A2A to be ranked 
as the first Italian player by electricity and heat productions through WtE plants. Furthermore, A2A has been 
continuously strengthening its presence in the photovoltaic sector since 2017, with a generation capacity of 
0.1 GW as of December 2020. Following the acquisition of the Italian solar portfolio from Octopus 
Renewables, occurred on February 2021, the existing photovoltaic generation capacity reaches 0.3 GW. 
In Italy, A2A has a leading position in (i) environmental services, where it operates along the entire waste 
management cycle (i.e. recovery of materials and energy from waste), in (ii) electricity and gas distribution, 
in (iii) the district heating sector (i.e. sale of heat, cogeneration, district heating networks and heat 
management services), and in (iv) energy retail (sale of electricity and gas, and energy efficiency services). 
Consolidated results as of 31 December 2020 
In 2020, the Revenues of the A2A Group amounted to Euro 6,862 million, down by 6.3 per cent. compared 
to the previous year. 
The reduction mainly concerns the wholesale energy market following both the lower prices of electricity 
and gas and the reduction in volumes sold on the industrial gas portfolio, as well as the retail gas and district 
heating markets due to the decline in unit prices and lower quantities sold to key gas accounts and revenues 
relating to the sale/management of energy efficiency certificates (EECs). On the other hand, the contribution 
made by higher retail sales to key electricity accounts was positive, as well as the contribution made by the 
business acquired in 2020. 
EBITDA amounted to Euro 1,204 million, a decline of Euro 30 million compared with 2019 (-2.4%). Net of 
nonrecurring items (Euro +13 million in 2020, Euro +42 million the previous year), ordinary EBITDA was 
in line with the previous year (Euro -1 million). This result reflected the combined effect of lower margins 
due to the negative effects of the energy scenario, and the excellent performance of those activities in which 
the negative impact of Covid-19 was totally set-off and recovered. 
EBIT amounted to Euro 550 million, a decline by 137 million Euro compared with 2019 (Euro 687 million). 
The change was due to: 
 
a decrease in EBITDA, as described above (Euro 30 million);

--- Page 105 ---
105 
  
 
an increase in amortisation/depreciation (Euro -53 million), as a consequence of the growing trend of 
capex, the write back of value of the A2A Gencogas plants, following impairment testing as at 31 
December 2019 and the electricity meters replacing plan; 
 
an increase in net risk provisions (Euro -58 million on 2019).  
The reduction in EBIT was partially offset by: 
 
the reduction in net financial expenses6 for Euro 33 million, mainly due to the debt refinancing 
transactions carried out in 2019 and 2020 at more of bonds, matured in 2019, at more favourable 
rates and lower expenses linked to the rationalisation of the Group’s debt; 
 
a reduction in the tax impact by Euro 90 million, of which 51 million related to previous year’s tax 
charge recovery. 
Group net profit for 2020 amounted to Euro 364 million, down Euro 25 million (- 6.4 per cent.) on 2019. 
The Consolidated Net Financial Position at 31 December 2020 amounted to Euro 3,472 million (Euro 3,154 
million as at 31 December 2019). Excluding the year changes in Group perimeter, the Net Financial Position 
amounted to Euro 3,327 million evidencing a cash absorption for Euro 173 million versus 31 December 
2019, after capex for Euro 738 million and dividends for Euro 241 million. 
THE ISSUER 
Overview 
A2A is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian Law on 8 December 1910 
(originally under the name of Azienda elettrica municipale). Its registered office is at Via Lamarmora 230, 
25124, Brescia, Italy and it is registered with the Companies' Register of Brescia under number 
11957540153, tax code and VAT number 11957540153. A2A operates under the legislation of the Republic 
of Italy. A2A may be contacted by telephone at +39 030 35531 and by e-mail at info@a2a.eu. A2A's website 
is http://www.a2a.eu. 
A2A has been established until 31 December 2100, subject to extension. Pursuant to Article 4 of its by-laws, 
the corporate objects of A2A is to carry out, either directly or through investment companies and entities, 
activities in the field of research, production, supply, transportation, transformation, distribution, sale, use 
and recovery of energy resources and of integrated water cycle. The Issuer may also carry out activities in 
the field of other network services, including the installation, maintenance, connection and testing of 
telecommunications systems, as well as provide public services in general and carry out activities 
instrumental, connected and ancillary to those indicated above, including services in the field of waste 
collection, treatment and disposal of urban and environmental hygiene in general. In these fields, the Issuer 
may also carry out activities regarding study, consulting and design, except for activities expressly reserved 
by law. The Issuer may perform any and all transactions deemed necessary or useful for the attainment of its 
corporate purpose; it may execute, inter alia, real and personal property, commercial, industrial and financial 
transactions and any transaction which is connected to the achievement of its corporate purpose, except for 
the collection of savings from the general public and the carrying out of reserved activities under Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. In addition, the Issuer may acquire interests and equity investments in 
other companies or businesses, both Italian and foreign, whose corporate purpose is similar, connected or 
ancillary to A2A's and may grant security interests and/or personal guarantees to secure obligations 
connected with the conduct of corporate business, including for the benefit of subsidiaries and/or affiliate 
entities and companies. 
                                                   
6 Net financial expenses are defined as financial expenses net of financial income.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, A2A has a paid-up share capital of Euro 1,629,110,744.04 divided 
into 3,132,905,277 ordinary shares having a par value of Euro 0.52 each. The ordinary shares of A2A are 
listed on the Mercato Telematico Azionario, the screen based market of the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.) and are included in the FTSE Mib (Blue Chips) and in the FTSE Italia All-Share Utilities 
super-sector index. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, A2A had a market capitalisation of approximately 
Euro 5.5 billion. 
History and developments 
A2A in its current form was created on 1 January 2008 from the merger by way of incorporation of AMSA 
Holding S.p.A. (AMSA) and the local utility of Brescia, ASM Brescia S.p.A. (ASM) into the former energy 
and waste utility of Milan AEM S.p.A. (AEM) (the Merger). The company resulting from the Merger 
changed its name into A2A. The driving force behind the merger was the need to create a utilities group with 
sufficient critical mass and vertical integration to compete successfully in the increasingly deregulated Italian 
utilities sector and also at a European level. 
After the Merger, A2A undertook a significant rationalisation / reorganisation process, which led to: 
 
the conversion of most of its financial interests (so called "peripheral assets") into industrial assets: 
in June 2008, A2A had on its balance sheet Euro 3.3 billion of financial investments (such as 
TdE/Edison, Endesa Italia, Edipower, etc.), which were progressively converted into industrial assets 
and fully consolidated within, and managed by the Group (for example, the stake in Endesa Italia 
was converted into the Monfalcone thermoelectric plant and hydroelectric facilities in Calabria); 
 
the divestment of non-core activities; and 
 
internal rationalisation / reorganisation, through the reduction of the overall number of Group 
companies. 
In the recent past, A2A carried out: 
1) 
the acquisition of a 51 per cent. stake in the share capital of LGH on 4 August 2016. LGH is the 
multi-utility based in Cremona (AEM), Pavia (ASM), Lodi (ASTEM), Rovato (COGEME) and 
Crema (SCS/SCRP) operating in the environment (including the complete waste management cycle, 
from collection and transportation to disposal and recovery of recyclable materials, using both LGH-
owned and leased equipment), energy (including generation and sale of electricity, district heating, 
sale and distribution of natural gas, sale of photovoltaic systems) and telecommunication ITC 
(Internet and broadband, ICT, data centre, voice, data) sectors. As communicated on 18 December 
2020, A2A has received a request from LGH shareholders (representing a total of 42,5 per cent. of 
share capital) to start the process for a possible merger by incorporation of LGH into A2A. On 16 
April 2021 A2A has presented to minority shareholders of LG, which hold a combined share capital 
of 49 per cent., a preliminary merger proposal of LGH in A2A. The proposal is made in accordance 
with the partnership agreement signed by the parties. The preliminary merger proposal is subject to 
the approval of the relevant bodies of the minority shareholders of LGH and envisages that the latter, 
after the merger, will hold a 2,75 per cent. share capital of A2A. According to the partnership 
agreements the acceptance of the preliminary merger proposal should be sent to A2A by at least 70 
per cent. of the minority shareholders of LGH. The merger will, however, be subject to the approval 
of the relevant bodies of A2A and LGH. 
2) 
the aggregation project involving A2A, Lario Reti Holding S.p.A., ASPEM S.p.A., Azienda 
Energetica Valtellina Valchiavenna S.p.A. and ACSM-AGAM S.p.A. relating to common 
developments to be carried out in the northern area of Lombardy, having as its main purpose the 
sharing of strategic guidelines of growth aimed at achieving commercial, industrial and operative 
synergies, through a corporate and industrial reorganisation.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
  
3) 
the sale of the entire shareholding held by A2A in EPCG in Montenegro; 
4) 
the acquisition by A2A Ambiente of the entire holding in Areslab S.r.l. and of a 90 per cent. stake in 
Electrometal S.r.l., companies that treat and recover industrial waste, whose acquisition has 
strengthened the group's circular economy; 
5)  
the aggregation project involving A2A and Ambiente Energia Brianza (AEB), with the aim of 
gaining important synergies and guaranteeing growth. This industrial partnership represented another 
step forward in the consolidation process in Lombardy; 
6)  
the acquisition by Linea Group Holding (LGH), of the company Agripower S.r.l., an industrial 
company specialised in generating electricity from biogas, through the management of plants 
powered by renewable sources, in particular agricultural and agro-industrial residues. It owns 18 
plants with a total installed capacity of approximately 18 MW; 
7) 
the acquisition by A2A Rinnovabili, from Octopus Renewables, of a portfolio of 17 photovoltaic 
plants with a rated power of 173 MW. The asset is the largest merchant portfolio of plants in Italy, 
without GSE incentives. This acquisition follows the acquisition of four different PV portfolios from 
the companies Re-Energy, Novapower, Impax and Talesun and which led to a significant increase in 
the photovoltaic portfolio (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, equal to  284MW of installed 
capacity). Through this acquisition, A2A reached 33 per cent. of the energy produced from 
renewable energy sources; 
8) 
other minor M&A transactions mainly involving companies within the Generation and the Market 
Business Units. 
For further information on recent transactions carried out by the Group see also "– Further relevant 
information" and " – Significant events after 31 December 2020"below. 
STRATEGY 
On 19 January 2021, the Board of Directors of the A2A Group approved the 2021-2030 Strategic Plan, the 
first Business Plan of A2A with a ten-year horizon. Sustainability guides the new strategy that focuses the 
Plan on two industrial macro-trends, circular economy and energy transition, to which all the Group's 
Business areas contribute. A2A is committed over the next decade to making a concrete contribution to the 
achievement of 11 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals of the UN 2030 Agenda. 
Through the Plan it has begun the strategic and cultural repositioning of A2A from multi-utility to Life 
Company, defining a new brand territory in which to operate. By dealing with energy, water and the 
environment, thanks to the circular use of natural resources, A2A takes care of the conditions necessary for 
life and its quality. 
Long-term strategy shaped by sustainability, with Euro 16 billion of investments deployed for the 
development of the circular economy and the energy transition: two fundamental fields in safeguarding the 
future. Substantial long-term investments in strategic infrastructures for Italy, and a rebalancing of A2A’s 
portfolio, are two crucial elements for sustainable transition acceleration. The Strategic Plan foresees 
significant growth in terms of EBITDA, setting an ambitious target of over Euro 2.5 billion in 2030, with a 
2020-2030 CAGR close to 8%. The development of margins is well balanced, not only between the various 
Business Units but also in terms of timescale. Growth is expected starting from the first years with EBITDA 
expected to increase, between 2020 and 2022, by approximately 7.5% (CAGR). 
Circular Economy, Euro 6 billion in investments 2021-2030  
A2A plays a crucial role in the Circular Economy, focusing on water cycle, district heating and waste 
management activities. Throughout an investment plan of Euro 6 billion, the Group will pursue strategic

--- Page 108 ---
108 
  
actions aimed at increasing the recovery of materials and energy from waste, and reducing wastages (e.g. 
water losses, waste heat). The balance between recycling and energy recovery is an essential prerequisite for 
reducing the use of landfills until such use is completely phased out. A2A will become a strong European 
player in waste management. Such evolution is supported by (i) external growth transactions, (ii) strong 
presence in growing market segments (such as organic waste), (iii) strengthening of the industrial waste 
segment and (iv) enhancement of know-how on specific and significant issues (such as sludge treatment and 
water purification). 
Under its Strategic Plan, by 2030 A2A is expected to: 
 
More than double material recovery to 2.2 million tons from sorted collection treated; 
 
Ramp-up energy recovery to 5.4 million tons; 
 
Increase the percentage of sorted collection to 76%; 
 
Strengthen the recycling cycle of plastics and paper. 
In compliance with European law, on the selection and treatment of urban wastewater, A2A plans to increase 
the investments in water cycle with the aim to reduce pipeline water losses by 20% by 2030 (m³ / km / day) 
and develop new purification capacities (1.9 million inhabitants served by 2030). On district heating, the 
focus will be on (i) network development and (ii) the recovery of heat sources from production activities 
otherwise dispersed into the atmosphere. 
Energy Transition, Euro 10 billion in investments 2021-2030 
The challenging targets - from both a national and a European perspective - linked to decarbonisation and the 
reduction of GHG emissions, as well as technological and market evolution, require an acceleration of the 
energy transition from fossil fuels to renewable resources. A2A has substantially increased its long-term 
Capex plan to speed up the energy transition process allocating a total amount of Euro 10 billion of 
investment in support of decarbonisation and electrification throughout the ten year Business Plan. 
The Energy Transition pillar envisages: 
 
The phase out of coal by 2022, anticipating the national target scheduled for 2025; 
 
The development of new RES (renewable sources) which will contribute to 58% of the Group’s 
energy production by 2030, well above the target of 55% of renewables in the Italian electricity mix 
by 2030; 
 
Various interventions aimed at improving the flexibility, the resilience and the adequacy of the 
electric system. 
Investments in the Electricity Generation will be deployed mainly towards two technologies, solar and wind. 
During the front end of the Strategic Plan, M&A will contribute to create a development platform fueling an 
international and diversified growth. The organic growth of our portfolio will nevertheless remain the key 
driver of our renewable energy generation capacity throughout the duration of our Strategic Plan. As for 
investments planned under the 2021-2030 period A2A aims to: 
 
Foster generation capacity from renewable sources, solar and wind, up to 5.7 GW; 
 
Develop a new hydrogen-blending-ready combined cycle plant and a “gas peaker”; 
 
Invest in innovative technologies such as batteries for solar system, thermal storage for district 
heating and green hydrogen (synchronous compensators and electrolysers for 0.3 GW);

--- Page 109 ---
109 
  
 
Develop new electrical substations, of which 13 primary, 1,000 secondary, and 2,000 km of new 
lines; 
 
Install and operate over 6,000 charging points for electric vehicles; 
 
Serve 6 million electricity and gas customers nation-wide.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
  
Group Structure and Business Model 
Group Structure 
The following chart shows the Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
(1) 12.8% of A2A Energia held through Linea Group Holding S.p.A. 
(2) 35.70% held through Linea Ambiente S.r.l.. 
(3) 13% of Smart City held through Linea Group Holding S.p.A. 
(4) 30% held through A2A Integrambiente S.r.l. 
Generation and Trading 
Market 
Waste  
Networks and District Heating 
A2A Smart City 
Other Companies 
• • • • 
LIFE COMPANY 
100% 
A 2A gencogas 
100% 
A2A Energiefu t u re 
100% 
A 2A Rlnnovabili 
100% 
A2A Energia <1> 
100% 
Suncity Energy 
100% 
A2A Energ y Solution 
41.3 4 % 
ACSM-AGAM 
51 .0% 
Linea Group Holding 
33.52% 
A EB 
{ 
{ 
50% 
Ergosud 
94.72% 
LumeEnegia 
50% 
Meta m er 
100% 
Amsa 
100% 
Aprlca 
100% 
Lomellina Energia <2> 
99.75% 
Acel Energ le 
100% 
ACSM- AGAM Amblente 
100% 
Linea Gestlonl 
100% 
A2A Illuminazione Pubblica 
100% 
Gelsla 
100% 
Gelsia Amblente <•>

--- Page 111 ---
111 
  
Business Model 
The Issuer manages its diversified core business through principally wholly owned subsidiaries, in 
accordance with unbundling legislation, while it is responsible for strategic vision, planning, control, 
financial management and coordination of the A2A Group activities. It also provides services to support the 
business and operating activities of subsidiaries companies (administrative, legal, supply, and personnel 
management services, information technology and communications) in order to optimize the resources 
available and use existing expertise in the most efficient manner. These services are regulated by 
intercompany agreements.  
The Issuer implemented a centralised treasury model aimed at reducing external debt and optimizing 
liquidity. In this context, the Issuer has signed intercompany agreements, which entitle the parent company 
to manage cash and funding on behalf of the subsidiaries, and, in some cases, if the subsidiary has borrowed 
funds from the parent, issue intercompany loans between the parent and its subsidiary. 
Finally, the Issuer provides its subsidiaries with office space and operating areas, as well as related services 
and owns hydroelectric plants (Valtellina, Calabria, Udine and Mese) 
Until 31 December 2020, the Group was managed through five business units (each a Business Unit), each 
operating in a specific business area: 
1. 
Generation and Trading Business Unit, dedicated to the management of the Group’s plants 
portfolio (e.g., thermoelectric, hydroelectric and other renewable plants) and the energy portfolio of 
the Group; 
2. 
Market Business Unit, dedicated to the retail sale of electricity and natural gas to end customers 
(free market and customers served under the protected scheme), the activities related to public 
lighting, energy efficiency and electric mobility; 
3. 
Waste Business Unit, dedicated to the management of all waste cycle activities (i.e., waste 
collection and street sweeping, treatment, disposal and energy recovery), including the identification 
and developing of international cross-business initiatives (previously included in International 
Business Unit); 
4. 
Networks and District Heating, dedicated to the distribution and sale of heat and electricity 
produced by cogeneration plants as well as heat management services, activities related to the 
management of electricity and gas networks, the management of the entire integrated water cycle 
and the development and management of technological infrastructures for integrated digital services; 
5. 
Corporate Business Unit, dedicated to providing guidance, strategic direction, coordination and 
control of industrial operations, as well as services in support of the business and operating activities 
(e.g. administrative and accounting services, legal services, procurement, personnel management, 
information technology and communications). 
The breakdown into Business Units reflects the organisation of the financial reports analysed by the 
management and the Board of Directors of A2A in order to manage and plan the Group's business. 
Description by Business Unit 
Generation and Trading Business Unit 
The aim of the Generation and Trading Business Unit is twofold: 
 
maximizing plant’s availability and efficiency and minimizing operating and maintenance (O&M) 
costs (“Generation”). Electricity generation is one of the Group's historical businesses and the Group

--- Page 112 ---
112 
  
is a key player in the Italian market with consolidated experience in plant operation, a diversified and 
flexible fuel mix and a net installed thermoelectric and hydroelectric generation capacity for the 
market of nearly 9.0 GW, as at 31 December 2020. Since 2017, the Group has increased the green part 
of its generation portfolio by acquiring photovoltaic plants with a total installed capacity of 100.3 
MW. as of 31 December 2020, the plant portfolio is composed of: 
 
Capacity (MW) 
31 December 
2020 
 
GAS 
5,232.5 
 
COAL 
309.2 
 
OIL 
886.0 
 
HYDRO 
1,944.3 
 
PHOTOVOLTAIC 
100.3 
 
SYNCRONOUS 
CONDENSERS 
492.0 
 
WIND 
8.2 
 
TOTAL 
8,972.5 
 
 
Source: A2A internal data. 
 
maximizing the profit from the management of the energy portfolio through the purchase and sale of 
electricity, fuel (gaseous and non-gaseous) and environmental certificates on domestic and foreign 
wholesale markets (“Trading”). In addition, it includes trading of all energy commodities (gas, 
electricity) on domestic and foreign markets and manages gas shipping activities for itself and others 
over third party owned networks both in Italy and abroad. The energy requirements of the Group and 
its customers are covered by means of (i) its own generation facilities, (managed in order to optimise 
the availability of production capacity), (ii) third parties' generation facilities under contract, (iii) 
trading on wholesale energy markets (including IPEX, the Italy's power exchange for spot 
transactions), and also as a counterparty in bilateral trading contracts outside the regulated markets 
(OTC), and (iv) buying and selling on regulated markets abroad and/or by taking part in brokerage 
platforms.  
Main companies pertaining to the Generation and Trading Business Unit are: 
 
A2A S.p.A. (hydroelectric plants); 
 
A2A Gencogas S.p.A. (thermoelectric plants); 
 
A2A Energiefuture S.p.A. (coal plant and oil plant); 
 
A2A Rinnovabili S.p.A. (solar plants). 
The following tables show the main quantitative data for the Generation and Trading Business Unit. 
 
Operational Data & KPI 
Electricity sector (GWh) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Net production 
16,770 
18,095 
- thermoelectric production 
12,233 
13,353

--- Page 113 ---
113 
  
- hydroelectric production 
4,408 
4,619 
- photovoltaic production 
127 
123 
- wind 
2 
- 
Sales figures also include losses. 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and Consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
The Group's electricity production was 16,770 GWh (18,095 GWh at December 31, 2019). About 85% of the 
decrease of 1,325 GWh was attributable to lower thermoelectric production and the rest to lower 
hydroelectric output. 
Thermoelectric production in the year under review amounted to 12,233 GWh (13,353 GWh at December 
31, 2019), with a negative change of 1,120 GWh, mainly attributable to the lower production of the 
Monfalcone coal plant penalised by an insufficiently remunerative price scenario. 
The lower output of combined-cycle plants (-224 GWh) was linked to the reduction in energy demand 
recorded in Italy in 2020 (-5.3%), linked to the slowdown in economic activities following the spread of 
COVID-19, despite the decrease in imports (-15.6% import/export balance). 
Production from renewable sources decreased by 4.3% compared with the previous year to 4,537 GWh: the 
lower output of the Calabria basins (-289 GWh) due to the low availability of water resources during the year 
was not fully offset by the higher hydroelectric output of plants in the Northern region (+78 GWh) and the 
contribution of new photovoltaic and wind power renewable sources (+6 GWh). 
With regard to new renewable sources, in December 2020, new wind power capacity was acquired for a total 
of 8.2 MW. The following table shows the main financial data for the Generation and Trading Business Unit: 
 
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Total revenues  
3,828 
4,399 
Gross Operating Income – EBITDA 
270 
301 
per cent. of revenues 
7.1% 
6.8% 
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and 
write-downs  
(170) 
(36) 
Net operating income - EBIT 
100 
265 
per cent. of revenues 
2.6% 
6.0% 
Capex 
76 
88 
Source: consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019. 
Revenues amounted to Euro 3,828 million, down 571 million euro compared to the previous year. The 
change was brought about by the decline in prices of both electricity and gas and the lesser volumes sold of 
the industrial gas portfolio, partly offset by the growth of electricity volumes sold. 
EBITDA of the Generation and Trading Business Unit amounted to Euro 270 million, a decrease of 31 
million euro compared to the previous year. Before non-recurring items (equal to Euro +8 million in 2020 
and Euro +14 million in 2019), Ordinary EBITDA dropped by Euro 25 million.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
  
The change was due to: 
 
the negative effects, accentuated by the emergency situation suffered by the power generation sector, 
due to the severely penalising scenario and demand decline; 
 
the reduction in hydroelectric production; 
 
the effective hedging strategy; 
 
the excellent performance booked on the ancillary services market (“MSD”). 
The downturn to margins recorded in the first nine months of the year by the Generation and Trading 
Business Unit, determined by the dynamics of consumption and prices, was strongly reduced in the fourth 
quarter of the year, both due to the lessening of the negative effects of the energy scenario and the excellent 
results achieved on the ancillary services market. 
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and write-downs totalled Euro 170 million (Euro 36 million at 
December 31, 2019). The change is mainly related to the reversal in 2019, for Euro 127 million, of the 
thermoelectric power assets related to the 400 MW units of Mincio, Chivasso and Sermide as a result of the 
annual impairment test activities. 
In 2020, capex amounted to Euro 76 million. These capex were Euro 53 million for extraordinary 
maintenance interventions, of which Euro 38 million on thermoelectric plants (Euro 18 million for a general 
overhaul of Group 1 at the Gissi power plant) and about Euro 14 million for hydroelectric units. 
Development works were also carried out for a total of Euro 19 million, mainly related to Brindisi plant 
(installation works on the synchronous compensators), photovoltaic plants (start of new plant construction) 
and ICT projects. Finally, in the period in question, activities were carried out for adjustments to standards 
for approximately Euro 4 million. 
Market Business Unit 
Market Business Unit operates in: 
 
the retail sale of electricity and natural gas to customers in the free market and sals to customers 
served under protection scheme (“servizio di maggior tutela” or “safeguarded market”), 
 
the management of public lighting (including traffic regulation systems and votive lamps),  
 
energy efficiency, and 
 
electric mobility services. 
For information on gas and electricity services and expected liberalisation scheme see "Regulation", below. 
Main subsidiaries pertaining to the Market Business Unit are: 
 
A2A Energia S.p.A. (energy retail); 
 
Enerxenia S.p.A. (energy retail); 
 
A2A Energy Solution S.r.l. (energy efficiency); 
 
A2A Illuminazione Pubblica S.p.A. (public lighting). 
The following table shows the main quantitative data for the Market Business Unit.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
  
 
Operational data & KPI 
31 December 
 2020 
31 December 
 2019 
ELECTRICITY SALES (GWh) 
 
 
Electricity sales 
15,012 
13,656 
Electricity sales Free Market 
13,587 
11,994 
Electricity sales under Greater 
Protection Scheme 
1,213 
1,435 
Electricity Sales Safeguard Market 
212 
227 
GAS SALES (Mcm) 
 
 
Gas sales 
2,365 
2,454 
Gas sales Free Market 
1,810 
1,875 
Gas sales under Greater Protection 
Scheme 
555 
579 
POD Electricity spot 
 
 
Total POD Electricity (#/1000) 
1,270 
1,174 
POD Electricity Free Market  
823 
685 
POD Electricity under Greater 
Protection Scheme  
447 
489 
PDR Gas spot 
 
 
Total PDR Gas (#/1000) 
1,614 
1,488 
PDR Gas Free Market 
868 
744 
PDR Gas under Greater Protection 
Scheme 
746 
744 
The quantities are stated gross of losses: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and Consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. The data related to the POD and PDR does not include the numbers 
relating to large customers  
In 2020, the Market Business Unit recorded 15,012 GWh of electricity retail sales, up 9.9% on the previous 
year. Despite the slowdown in commercial activity and the reduction in unit consumption especially in the 
first half of the year as a result of the COVID-19 emergency, the increase recorded is mainly due to higher 
quantities sold to large customers in the free market. 
Sales of gas to end markets totalled 2,365 million cubic metres (-3.6% compared with the previous year). 
The contraction in sales is due to lower demand as a result of the slowdown, with a particularly significant 
impact in the first half of the year, in economic activities due to the measures taken to limit the spread of 
COVID-19. On the other hand, the colder temperatures in the last months of 2020 compared to the previous 
year, cancelled out the negative effect of the weather recorded in the first quarter.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
  
There was an increase in the number of mass-market free market customers, both in the electricity and gas 
segments (263 thousand more than at the end of 2019, of which 119 thousand were relative to the first 
consolidation of AEB Group). 
The following table shows the main financial data for the Market Business Unit: 
 
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Total revenues  
2,598 
2,724 
Gross operating income – EBITDA 
220 
229 
% of revenues 
8.5% 
8.4% 
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions 
and write-downs  
(63) 
(60) 
Net operating income - EBIT 
157 
169 
% of revenues 
6.0% 
6.2% 
Capex 
64 
35 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and Consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Revenues amounted to Euro 2,598 million (Euro 2,724 million at 31 
December 2019), down 4.6% following the decline in the unitary prices of gas and electricity and the lower 
quantities of gas sold, as well as lower revenues linked to the sale/management of energy efficiency 
certificates (EEcs). This downturn has been partially offset by the growth in revenues due to the increase in 
quantities of electricity sold to key accounts. 
EBITDA of the Market Business Unit equalled Euro 220 million (Euro 229 million at 31 December 2019). 
Net of non-recurring items (Euro +6 million in 2020; Euro +22 million in 2019), the Ordinary EBITDA of 
the Business Unit came to Euro 214 million, up 7 million euro on the previous year. 
The change was due to: 
 
the increase in the number of customers in the free electricity and gas market: 263 thousand more in 
the free mass-market segment compared to 2019, of which 119 thousand relative to the AEB Group; 
 
greater sales of key customers in the electricity market; 
 
the greater unitary margins of sales in the free electricity and gas market, including the regulated 
components that cover marketing costs; 
 
the lower gas sales to key customers. 
 
the lower margins of the energy solutions business as a consequence of the decline in revenues from 
the sale/disposal of energy efficiency certificates (EECs) and the reclassification of Consul System 
amongst companies held for sale (in 2019, the company recorded approximately 4 million euro in 
EBITDA). 
The contribution of the Market Business Unit to the fourth quarter results was significant thanks to the 
increase in the number of customers in the free electricity and gas market, also due to the change in the scope 
of consolidation of the AEB Group from November 1, 2020.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
  
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and write-downs totalled Euro 63 million (Euro 60 million at 31 
December 2019). 
As a result of the above changes, net operating income amounted to Euro 157 million (Euro 169 million at 
31 December 2019). 
In 2020, the Market Business Unit capex amounted to Euro 64 million. These capex were Euro 38 million 
for the energy retail segment, mainly for evolutive maintenance and development of the hardware and 
software platforms, in particular for the update of IT systems in view of the superseding of the protected 
market and for the launch of NEN - the innovative full-digital start-up of the A2A Group set to sell 
electricity and gas to “digital” customers, featuring simplified management of users and a new invoicing 
method. 
In addition, approximately 11 million euro was related to the development of the public lighting service and 
15 million euro to electric mobility and energy efficiency projects. 
Waste Business Unit 
The Waste Business Unit includes activities that cover the whole waste management cycle (collection, street 
sweeping, treatment, disposal and recovery of materials and energy) and the identification and developing of 
international cross-business initiatives (previously included in International Business Unit). 
In particular:  
 
collection and street sweeping refers to street cleaning, collection and transportation of waste to its 
destination (dedicated plants); 
 
waste treatment and disposal refers to the activity treating waste (both urban and industrial) in order to 
recovery materials, energy, biogas etc.. 
The main A2A Group companies active in the Waste Business Unit are: 
 
AMSA (collection and street sweeping); 
 
Aprica S.p.A. (collection and street sweeping); 
 
Linea Gestioni S.p.A. (collection and street sweeping); 
 
A2A Ambiente (treatment, disposal and recovery of materials and energy); 
 
Linea Ambiente S.r.l. (treatment and recovery of materials and energy); 
 
Acsm-Agam Ambiente S.r.l. (treatment, disposal and recovery of materials and energy). 
The following tables set forth the main quantitative data for the Waste sector: 
 
Operational data & KPI 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Waste collected (Kton) 
1,660 
1,708 
Residents served (#/1000) 
4,117 
3,634 
Total Waste disposed (Kton) 
3,251 
3,340

--- Page 118 ---
118 
  
Electricity sold (GWh) 
1,954 
1,780 
Heat sold (GWht) * 
1,557 
1,505 
(*) quantities at the plant entrance 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Installed Capacity 
Electricity 
(MWe) 
Heat 
(MWt) 
Waste 
(tons) 
Waste-to-Energy plants 
367 
511 
1,441 
Biogas and landfills 
52 
9 
34 
Other waste treatment facilities: 
 
 
1,414 
Source: 2019 A2A internal data  
In 2020, the quantity of waste collected, equal to 1,660 thousand tons, was down by 2.8% compared to the 
previous year as a consequence of the slowdown in economic activities following the spread of COVID-19, 
especially in the City of Milan. 
Waste disposed of decreased by 2.7%. The change is mainly attributable to the reduction in the quantities 
disposed of in landfills and urban treatment plants, in part due to the slowdown in economic activity as a 
result of anti-COVID measures.  
 
 
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Total revenues  
1,111 
1,050 
Gross operating income – EBITDA 
282 
268 
% of revenues 
25.4% 
25,5% 
Depreciation, amortisation, 
provisions and write-downs  
(171) 
(160) 
Net operating income – EBIT 
111 
108 
% of revenues 
10.0% 
10,3% 
Capex 
174 
97 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 
In 2020, the Waste Business Unit recorded revenues of Euro 1,111 million (Euro 1,050 million in 2019). 
The EBITDA of the Waste Business Unit was Euro 282 million (Euro 268 million in 2019), mainly thanks 
to: 
 
the greater quantities of electricity produced,  
 
the positive trend of waste conferral prices (in particular municipal-like waste),

--- Page 119 ---
119 
  
 
the increase in paper sales prices, 
 
the contribution of newly acquired plants through M&A transactions: the treatment lines of 
Electrometal, a company operating in the treatment and recovery of waste from different industrial 
the biomass-powered generation plant of Agritre and, recently activated, the plastic recovery plant of 
Muggiano. 
These positive effects more than offset the reduction in margins due to the lower prices of sale of electricity 
produced by waste-to-energy plants, the reduction in quantities disposed of in other urban treatment plants 
and the higher costs of disposal, in particular of industrial waste. 
In 2020, capex totalled Euro 174 million which was mainly due to the development and maintenance of 
waste-to-energy plants (Euro 106 million) - of which Euro 44 million relate to the development of the Parona 
waste-to-energy plant and Euro 10 million to the new fumes purification line of the Brescia waste-to-energy 
plant, treatment plants (Euro 38 million), landfills (Euro 2 million) and the purchase of vehicles, containers, 
operating systems and the restructuring of corporate buildings in the collection segment (Euro 28 million). 
Networks and District Heating Business Unit 
The activities of the Networks and District Heating Business Unit mainly comprise: 
 
the technical and operational management of networks for the distribution of electricity and for the 
transport and distribution of natural gas; 
 
the management of the entire integrated water cycle (i.e., water captation, aqueduct management, 
water distribution, sewerage network management and purification);  
 
the production and sale of heat and electricity produced by cogeneration plants (mostly owned by the 
Group), through district heating networks and ensures the operation and maintenance of cogeneration 
plants and district heating networks. Management services for heating plants owned by third parties 
(heat management services) are also included; 
 
development and management of technological infrastructure; it also provides solutions, applications, 
and smart services fuelled by Big Data, sensors, and network grids for the purpose of generating new 
models for the city and for the region, and to improve quality of life for the community. 
Networks 
Revenues from the networks sector are regulated. The authority competent for the setting of distribution 
price tariffs for electricity, gas, and water is ARERA. Regulated electricity, gas and water distribution 
operations are carried out under concessions and therefore are subject to low risk, with stable earnings (for 
further information see "Concession" and "Regulation", below). 
Networks – Electricity networks and Gas networks 
The Group's electricity distribution networks serve over a million customers at high, medium and low 
voltage, supplying around 11,000 GWh annually. Electricity is transformed by primary and secondary plants 
into medium-voltage and low-voltage electricity and is distributed to customers through the Group's low and 
medium-voltage lines distribution network (currently, approximately, 15,300 km). 
The Group's natural gas distribution network consists of over 15,800 km of pipeline, a number of primary 
and secondary pressure reduction stations, network stations and customer stations to regulate gas pressure for 
commercial and industrial uses. The Group owns and operates its gas network, distributing to approximately 
200 municipalities, mainly in the provinces of Milan, Brescia, Bergamo, Cremona, Lodi, Como, Lecco, 
Monza, Treviso and Varese and in the Abruzzo region.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
  
With particular reference to the Milan area, on 7 September 2020, the Council of State upheld the appeals 
filed in February 2020 by Unareti and the Municipality of Milan against the sentence of the Lombardy 
Regional Administrative Court of 5 December 2019, which had led to the annulment of the award to Unareti 
of the tender for the concession of the natural gas distribution service in the territorial area of “Milan 1 - City 
and Plant of Milan”. The Council of State, on the one hand, rejected the legal and administrative elements 
that had led the Regional Administrative Court to exclude Unareti from the proceedings and, on the other 
hand, confirmed the assessments of the tender committee that had awarded the bid. 
On 18 February 2021, 2i Rete Gas S.r.l. appealed to the Supreme Court to request ascertaining that the 
Council of State lacked jurisdiction, which issued sentence 5370 on 7 September 2020. At present, no 
request for suspension of the effectiveness of the sentence has been served, which should in any case be filed 
with the Council of State. Thus, Unareti and the Municipality of Milan, in its capacity as ATEM Milano 1, 
can proceed to sign the service contract. Within the terms, the Company will appear (by means of a counter-
appeal) in order to be able to participate in the trial, which will reasonably take several years, also 
considering that the Court of Cassation may await the outcome of an appeal on the matter, pending before 
the Court of Justice. 
Unareti S.p.A. is continuing to carry out its normal activities under a prorogatio regime. 
For further information, see the section headed "Notes to the Consolidated annual report – Other 
information" of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Networks – Integrated Water Cycle 
The Integrated water cycle includes the management of three services: water supply network, sewerage 
system and waste water treatment (for further information on the integrated water cycle see "Regulation", 
below). 
Management of the water supply network includes uptake and supply of drinking water, including water 
purification and drinking water treatment actions where necessary. The drinking water supplied comes from 
spring water and water wells. Water is supplied to the municipalities of Brescia, Varese, Como and several 
municipalities throughout the respective provinces, covering a total of about 120 towns and over 1 million 
inhabitants. The water network covers more than 7,000 km in the Municipality and Province of Brescia and 
its province, and the water supplied is drawn from about 200 springs and 170 wells; in the province of 
Varese and Como water comes from more than 40 springs and more than 85 wells. The total water supplied 
amounts to more than 70 million cubic meters per year.  
The sewerage system consists of the gathering and collection of sewerage into waste water treatment plants 
(WWTP). The sewerage systems managed by the Group serve about 80 towns and almost 650,000 
inhabitants. 
District Heating  
The total thermal capacity installed is equal to 1,970 MWt, while the electricity capacity amounts to 
335MW. 
Heat is generated by the Group's eight cogeneration plants (electricity and heat), heat generation and 
thermic-exchange plants in Italy. 
Part of the heat generated by the Group comes from the waste-to-energy plants in Brescia, Figino (Milan) 
and Bergamo (which account for an overall installed thermal capacity of approximately 300MWt).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
  
The Group's district heating service provides heating and cooling systems to customers through the 
management of individual utility plants located in customers' buildings in Milan, Brescia, Bergamo, Como, 
Monza and Varese. 
Prices for district heating and heating management services are not regulated but are set on the price market - 
indexed to energy prices and gas prices – and subject to market competition. 
The Group is currently developing urban district heating distribution networks in the provinces of Bergamo 
and Milan, where the objective is to increase the Group's penetration share of the potential market, 
encouraging significant energy savings and a reduction in the emissions. 
The main A2A Group companies active in the Networks and District Heating Business Unit are: 
 
Unareti (electricity and gas distribution); 
 
LD Reti S.r.l. (electricity and gas distribution); 
 
Retragas S.r.l. (gas transport); 
 
A2A Ciclo Idrico S.p.A. (integrated water cycle); 
 
ASVT S.p.A. (integrated water cycle and gas distribution); 
 
LeReti S.p.A. (gas distribution, integrated water cycle); 
 
A2A Calore & Servizi S.r.l. (district heating and heat management services). 
The following tables set forth the main financial and quantitative operational data. 
 
Operational data & KPI 
31 December  
2020 
31 December  
2019 
Electricity RAB* (millions of euro) 
692 
641 
Gas RAB* (millions of euro) 
1,509 
1,426 
Electricity distributed (GWh) 
10,673 
11,735 
Gas distributed (Mcm) 
2,996 
2,963 
Water distributed (Mcm) 
77 
78 
Heat sales (GWht) 
2,836 
2,783 
(*) Provisional figures, underlying the calculation of allowed revenues for the period 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
 
 
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December  
2020 
31 December  
2019 
Total revenues 
1,101 
1,143 
Gross operating Margin - EBITDA 
456 
472 
% of revenues 
41.4% 
41.3%

--- Page 122 ---
122 
  
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December  
2020 
31 December  
2019 
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions 
(209) 
(260) 
Net operating Margin - EBIT 
247 
212 
% of revenues 
22.4% 
18.5% 
Capex 
378 
368 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
In 2020, the Networks and District Heating Business Unit's revenues amounted to Euro 1,101 million (Euro 
1,143 million in 2019). The change is mainly due to lower tariff contributions for the cancellation of energy 
saving obligations (EECs) of distributors, the reduction in revenues from the heat segment brought about by 
the decline in prices during the year under review as compared with 2019.  
The EBITDA of the Networks and District Heating Business Unit amounted to Euro 456 million (Euro 472 
million in 2019). Net of non-recurring items (Euro +7 million in 2020 and Euro +18 million in 2019), the 
Networks and District Heating Business Unit Ordinary EBITDA came to Euro 449 million, down Euro 5 
million on the previous year. 
The change in margins is mainly due to the following: 
 
in the electricity and gas distribution networks (Euro +3 million): lower operating costs and the 
consolidation of the AEB Group offset the lower revenues admitted for regulatory purposes; 
 
in the district heating segment (Euro -10 million): negative energy scenario that characterised the 
current year; 
 
in the water cycle (Euro +4 million): higher revenues due to the recent tariff increases approved by the 
Authority; 
 
in the Smart City segment (Euro -2 million): conclusion of activities started in previous years relating 
to the construction of infrastructure for the laying of fibre optic cables. 
In 2020, Capex amounted to Euro 378 million and were referred to: 
 
in the electricity distribution segment, development and maintenance work on plants and in particular 
the connection of new users, maintenance work on secondary cabins, the extension and refurbishment 
of the medium and low voltage network, the maintenance and upgrading of primary plants and 
investments in the launch of the 2G smart meter project (Euro 138 million); 
 
in the gas distribution segment, development and maintenance work on plants relating to the 
connection of new users and the replacement of medium and low pressure piping and smart gas meters 
(Euro 103 million); 
 
integrated water cycle segment: maintenance and development work carried out on the water 
transportation and distribution network and the sewage networks and purification plants (Euro 74 
million); 
 
in the district heating and heat management segment, development and maintenance of plants and 
networks for a total of Euro 52 million; 
 
in the Smart City segment, development and maintenance work on TLC projects (Euro 11 million). 
 
Corporate 
 
The Corporate Business Unit provides a full range of services to other Business Units including guidance, 
strategic direction, coordination and control of industrial operations, as well as services to support the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
  
business and operating activities (e.g. administrative and accounting services, legal services, procurement, 
personnel management, information technology, communications etc.). Most of the incurred cost is charged 
to other operating subsidiaries which benefit from the service, while non-charged cost remains in the 
Business Unit and represents the EBITDA. Intercompany services are governed by signed agreements. 
 
The following table shows the main financial data for Corporate Business Unit. 
 
Financial data (Millions of Euro) 
31 December  
2020 
31 December  
2019 
Total revenues 
264 
224 
Gross operating income - EBITDA 
(24) 
(36) 
% of revenues 
(9.1%) 
(14.8%) 
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions 
and write-downs 
(41) 
(30) 
Net operating income – EBIT 
(65) 
(66) 
% of revenues 
(24.6%) 
(27.0%) 
Capex 
51 
45 
Source: Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and Consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
 
The Gross Operating Margin, corresponding to the corporate structure costs not charged back to the various 
Group companies in 2020 amounted to Euro -24 million (Euro -36 million in 2019). 
The positive change in margins is mainly due to the greater weight in the current year of costs charged back 
to the Group’s Business Units compared to total costs incurred by the Corporate. 
 
The costs incurred in the current year as a result of the health emergency to ensure the required safety levels 
- partly charged back to the Group’s Business Units - and the disbursement of donations to finance the 
containment and management of the epidemiological emergency, were more than offset by actions to contain 
other operating costs and labour costs (slowdown in hiring). 
 
Capex totalled Euro 51 million, including Euro 38 million for information systems and Euro 7 million for 
buildings. 
 
Concessions 
Concessions – Hydroelectric plants 
The national regulations governing hydroelectric concessions were originally laid down in the Royal Decree 
of 11 December 1933, no. 1775 (R.D. 1775/1933), which was based on the granting of concessions by the 
state in a long-term prospective, also in order to allow the concessionaires to amortize the significant 
investments necessary for the construction of the plants. With a view to transferring the concessions and the 
ownership of the relative works to the state, Article 25 of the cited R.D. 1775/1933 provided that: 
 
all the collection, regulation and forced duct works and the discharge channels (wet works) are 
transferred to the State free of charge; 
 
any other building, machinery, plant for the use, transformation and distribution of the concession 
(dry works) could be acquired by the State by means of payment of a price equal to the estimated

--- Page 124 ---
124 
  
value of the work material, calculated at the time of entry into possession, abstracting from any 
assessment of the income that can be derived. 
This regulatory framework was subsequently superseded, especially by the Constitution and, later, the 
liberalisation of the electricity market as a result of Legislative Decree no. 79 of 16 March 1999 
(implementing Directive 96/92/EC) (the Bersani Decree), art. 12 (and subsequent amendments) of which 
introduced the principles of: 
 
the temporary nature of concessions, establishing a validity period (2029) for concessions without 
expiry held by Enel S.p.A. and assigning an expiry of 31 December 2010 for concessions that had 
already expired or were to expire by that date; 
 
tenders for expired concessions. 
These regulations were subsequently amended by art. 37, paragraphs 4 and following, of Decree Law 
83/2012 converted by Law 134/20127, partially amending the Bersani Decree. 
Pending the reassignment of concessions, the Bersani Decree (article 12, paragraph 8-bis) provides that the 
outgoing concessionaire is to continue to operate the concession under the same conditions as laid down in 
the regulations and specifications in force. In this stalemate, some Regions have enacted laws aimed at 
regulating the "temporary continuation of operations" for expired concessions, also providing for the 
imposition of an additional fee. 
Conversion Law No. 12/2019 of Decree Law 14 December 2018, no. 135 (the Simplification Law), art. 11-
quater attributed to the Regions the power to regulate, by means of their own laws, the procedures and 
criteria for the allocation of concessions, the process for which must be completed by 2023 with the selection 
of economic operators through tenders or public/private companies or through forms of partnership. In 
Regione Lombardia such regulation has been introduced by Regional Law no. 5/2020, which has nonetheless 
been challenged before the Constitutional Court by the Government. 
For concessions expired or expiring on 31 December 2023, which are temporarily extended, an additional fee 
also applies. 
In terms of compensation to outgoing operators, the regulation foresees: 
 
for wet works, the transfer without compensation for ownership by the regions, and in the case of 
investments - provided they are defined in the deed of concession or authorized by the granting body 
- an amount equal to the value of the asset not depreciated; 
 
for dry works, the recognition of a residual value derived from accounting records or certified 
appraisal. 
By art. 31 of Regional Law 23/2019 Budget Reconciliation 2020-22, the Lombardy Region has established 
an obligation, with effect from 2020, to supply free energy to the region and the provinces for all holders of 
concessions of large derivation concessionaries, whether they are exercised before or after expiry. By 
Deliberation of the Regional Government (Delibera di Giunta Regionale) no. 3347/2020, Regione 
Lombardia has implemented said obligation notably by specifying the amount of free energy due by each 
concessionaire to the region and the provinces and providing that energy shall be supplied either by physical 
energy delivery or through monetisation. 
                                                   
7 On 26 September 2013, as part of infringement procedure no. 2011/2026, the European Commission sent Italy a letter of formal notice contesting 
the non-compatibility of part of article 37 of Law 134/2012 with EU legislation. The procedure is still in progress.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
  
Most of the large-scale derivation hydroelectric concessions held by A2A and located in Valtellina (with a 
nominal concession capacity of approximately 200 MW) and one concession held by Linea Green S.p.A. 
have expired and are currently under a prorogatio regime. Given the prorogatio regime, the Lombardy 
Region established by law (L. No 26/2003 of 12 December 2003), the payment of an additional fee. Other 
A2A concessions (with a total nominal concession capacity of 345 MW), will expire in 2029. The two large-
scale derivations of Linea Green S.p.A. have also not yet expired, as well as the concession of Gravedona of 
ACSM-AGAM expiring in 2029. 
Concessions – Electricity distribution 
The agreements, issued pursuant to the provisions of article 9 of the Bersani Decree, all expire at the end of 
2030 (for further information on electricity distribution see "Regulation", below). 
The Issuer manages the energy distribution service for approximately 50 municipalities, including Milan and 
Brescia, the largest cities in the Italian region of Lombardy. The energy distribution grid has a total range of 
approximately 15,000 km and serves 1.2 million users. 
Concessions – Natural gas distribution 
The gas market is governed by Legislative Decree No. 164/00 of 23 May 2000 (the Letta Decree) which has 
been amended several times since its entry into force, along with Ministerial Decrees. In particular, gas is 
distributed by operators identified in public tenders organised above the municipality level and within 
territorial areas that were defined by the Ministerial Decrees of 19 January 2011 and 18 October 2011. Such 
public tenders must follow the rules laid down in the Ministerial Decree No. 226 of 12 November 2011. The 
substitutions of one operator with another operator must ensure the protection of the workforce, as set out in 
the Ministerial Decree of 21 April 2011, and a fair compensation must be paid to the outgoing operator for 
the assets which will be available to the new operator (for further information on natural gas distribution see 
"Regulation", below). 
As at 31 December 2020 the Group managed the gas distribution and measurement services for around 300 
municipalities, including Milan, Brescia, Bergamo, Varese, Cremona and Lodi, through more than 12,000 
km of gas distribution grids with approximately 1.6 million connected users. 
Concessions – Waste (Environment) 
The Group has concessions for all its waste operations in the Lombardy, Piedmont and Liguria regions. 
Concessions – Integrated Water Cycle 
The Group has concessions for all its integrated water cycle operations in the Lombardy region. 
The water services regulation has been stabilized thanks to the 2014 reforms contained in Law Decree No. 
133 of 12 September 2014 converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 164 of 11 November 2014 (the 
so-called "Sblocca Italia" Law) and to ARERA regulatory framework (Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, 
the regulation and surveillance powers with respect to water services were entrusted to the ARERA and to 
the Ministry of Environment and Protection of Land and Sea (MATTM, now Ministry of Ecological 
Transition, MITE). Currently, water services that serve more than a single municipality, must be integrated, 
award a sole concession to a single manager and provide control powers to the district authority (autorità 
d'ambito). The A2A Group operates on the basis of an award in accordance with pro tempore legislation and 
has not been declared terminated yet. Recently, Law Decree No. 133 of 12 September 2014 converted into 
law, with amendments, by Law No. 164 of 11 November 2014 (the so-called "Sblocca Italia" Law) set out 
guidelines for the evolution of current water services regulation. 
For further information on the concessions held by the Group's operating companies, see (i) the section of 
this Base Prospectus headed "Regulation" below, the section headed (i) "Main regulatory provisions

--- Page 126 ---
126 
  
regarding concessions and agreements in the sectors of activity in which the A2A Group operates” of the 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and (ii) “Evolution 
of the regulation and impacts on the Business Units of the A2A Group” of the Report on Operations 2020 
both incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", 
above). 
Innovation, Development and Research 
The A2A Group, through its subsidiary A2A Smart City, develops smart, innovative and digital solutions 
both in the urban sphere, to improve the liveability of neighbourhoods and cities, and in the agricultural 
sphere, to enable more sustainable production that saves pollutants and resources through the use of 
technology. A2A Smart City contributes to the design of innovative solutions to improve housing 
sustainability both in terms of safety and liveability and in terms of energy efficiency. In residential areas, in 
fact, it realises and installs energy, acoustic and environmental monitoring systems, electric recharge, 
trackers, health assistance call buttons in common areas, smart lighting and irrigation. A2A Smart City also 
contributes to the creation of smart districts, a sort of city within the city, which manages resources 
intelligently, aims to become economically sustainable and energy self-sufficient, and is attentive to the 
quality of life and the needs of the citizens who live there every day. 
In order to enable the open innovation model and make it truly effective, the Group has chosen to equip 
itself with a shared platform through which employees, start-ups, companies and the world of research can 
contribute to creating value for the areas in which A2A operates. The platform allows launching idea 
generation, campaigns or hackathons but also managing end to end the development of different activities 
concerning the innovation function. For this reason, the Group has created a true virtuous process of 
innovation generation and management that has allowed building strong relationships with important entities 
of the ecosystem such as incubators/accelerators, innovation hubs, Universities, Research Centres and 
Venture Capitalists. 
Corporate Venture Capital (CVC) initiative was created with the aim to encourage the Group's innovation 
through investments in start-ups with high potential. A2A aims, in fact, to identify innovative technologies 
and business models to strengthen its core business, support its evolution and generate value for the Group 
and for the areas in which it operates. The circular economy, energy transition, mobility and new 
technologies to build the cities of the future are some of the areas of investment in the CVC programme, 
which sees the participation in the project of 360 Capital, the leading Italian and European player in venture 
capital, and the Politecnico di Milano with the fund Poli360, which leverages on the Technology Transfer 
Office and the incubator Polihub. The first investments in 2020 were: 
- Greyparrot, a UK start-up that has developed a computer vision-based solution that integrates artificial 
intelligence and data analytics; 
- Hades, a Swiss start-up linked to the University of Zurich that has developed a computer vision-based 
solution for the inspection of wastewater networks. 
- Circular Materials, an Italian company based in Milan, has patented a technology for the removal of heavy 
and precious metals from industrial wastewater with a view to the circular economy. 
- Siteflow, based in France, has developed software for the digitalisation of maintenance processes in large 
production facilities. 
 
Collaboration between the Group and the world of research enables A2A to have at its disposal the 
innovative and cutting-edge skills of the university world for its areas of activity and experimentation, and 
the universities to have a university experience that is more oriented towards the world of work. 
 
The Group's role as Italy's second largest electricity producer in terms of installed capacity and its 
established experience in the circular economy allow it to offer various solutions for the production of

--- Page 127 ---
127 
  
green hydrogen. For this reason, in 2020, the Group formalised its intention to develop the potential of this 
resource by entering into agreements with SNAM, ARDIAN and FNM. 
 
 
The search for innovative and technologically advanced solutions involves all areas of the Group's activities 
and is aimed at improving both the health and wellbeing of its workers and the sustainability and efficiency 
of the various A2A Business Units. Below are some examples: 
 
- Waste analytics: This project involves the testing of a system for the automatic, real-time monitoring of 
waste flows within the plastic separation plants. 
 
- Exoskletons: The Group is constantly evaluating new technologies to reduce the physical impact and 
fatigue resulting from sustained and repeated efforts over time. 
 
- Aquarius Project: The project was launched for early detection of water leaks using a widespread network 
of non-invasive sensors and a dedicated processing platform. 
 
- Optimal Dispatcher: Through the development of dedicated tools based on machine learning tools and 
mixed non-linear programming techniques, an important optimisation margin has been found in the 
dispatching of production machines on the Milan-East and Brescia networks. 
For further information, see the section headed "Intellectual Capital" of the Integrated Sustainability Report 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Sustainability Policy and Plan 
A2A aims to help the communities in which it operates to be more sustainable, through the responsible 
management of its activities. Since 2016, the Group has decided to make a formal and public commitment to 
contribute to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations through two 
documents: a strategic document, the Sustainability Policy, and a more operational document, the 
Sustainability Plan, identifying actions and quantitative targets, which are monitored and updated annually, 
in an integrated manner with the Strategic Plan.  
Fully in line with the revision of the Strategic Plan, a process has also been launched for the Sustainability 
Plan, seeking to update the goals with the challenging ten-year time frame of 2021-2030. Thanks to the 
strengthened conviction the integration of sustainability in planning is one of the strategic elements for the 
creation of long-term value. The updating of the Strategic Plan saw cross-functional collaboration between 
the Sustainability Projects and Reporting, Planning and Control and Strategy departments for the definition 
of macro trends and objectives up to 2030. In addition to the sustainability objectives already included in the 
Strategic Plan, the Sustainability Plan was subsequently implemented as an addendum to define all the other 
objectives to be included in the "enabling levers": Digital, People and Governance. 
A summary of the main KPIs included in the Group's Sustainability Plan is provided below: 
Circular economy: 
 
76 per cent. of the separate waste collection in the municipalities served by 2030; 
 
2.2 Million tons of waste treated (municipal plus special) aimed at recovering material at the Group's 
plants by 2030; 
Decarbonisation: 
 
5.7 GW of total installed RES capacity by 2030; 
 
226 gCO2/kWh of specific CO2 emission factor (SBTi commitment) by 2030; 
Digital:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
  
 
37% of the total customers (MARKET BU) with digital contract by 2030; 
 
3,000 people involved in idea generation and corporate entrepreneurship processes by 2030; 
Governance: 
 
70% of Sustainable debt on total by 2030; 
 
>80% Employees involved in training on the Code of Ethics; 
People Innovation: 
 
Reach 4.6 weighted injury index by 2030; 
 
30 per cent. of the incidence of sustainability criteria in the vendor rating process by 2030. 
 
The development of the Sustainability Plan is linked to management incentive systems. Monitoring will also 
be ensured by the Committee for Sustainability and Territory (part of the Board of Directors). 
For further information, see the section headed "Sustainability Strategy" of the Integrated Sustainability 
Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", 
above). 
Sustainable finance 
The Group continues to be a member of the Corporate Forum on Sustainable Finance, of which it has been a 
member since 2019. Over the past two years, the Corporate Forum on Sustainable Finance, whose members 
come from eight countries and five business sectors, has responded to seven consultations held by the 
European Union covering the topics: EU taxonomy, EU standard for green bonds, EU climate benchmarks 
and ESG disclosure on benchmark indices, renewed EU strategy for sustainable finance and EU review of 
the Non-Financial Reporting Directive.  
In 2019, the Group adopted a Green Financing Framework, aligned with the Green Bond Principles (GBP) 
published by the ICMA in 2018 and the Green Loan Principles (GLP) published by the LMA in 2018, on the 
basis of which A2A issued its first Green Bond in July 2019. In line with the path started with the drafting of 
the Green Financing Framework, the Programme was updated in July 2020 with a view to strengthening the 
Group’s commitment to sustainable finance. A2A included provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to Notes issued under the Programme providing for the issue of Step Up Notes where the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of such Step Up Notes is linked to any one (or more) of three predefined 
sustainability KPIs. This update allows the Group to potentially issue Sustainability-Linked Bonds, 
providing for a possible step-up in the coupon if the pre-set targets are not reached.  
In 2021, the Group adopted a new Sustainable Finance Framework combining both Use of Proceeds 
principles 
and 
Sustainability-Linked 
principles 
available 
at 
https://a2a-be.s3.eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/a2a/debito/Sustainable-Finance-Framework.pdf (the Sustainable Finance Framework). 
The Sustainable Finance Framework has been developed to show how A2A intends to continue supporting 
its sustainability strategy and vision via the utilisation of various Green & Sustainability-Linked financing 
instruments. The Sustainable Finance Framework gives investors: 
 
The transparency to better allocate their funds and measure their contribution to sustainability, with 
the green use of proceeds format; 
 
The strong engagement of A2A in ESG management and continuous improvement at corporate level 
with the sustainability-linked format.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
  
The KPIs currently included in the Sustainable Finance Framework are fully aligned with the target set by 
the Strategic Plan 2021-2030. The Sustainable Finance Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles 
and the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by ICMA and with the Green Loan Principles and 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles published by LMA.In order to strengthen its commitment, identify and 
develop sustainable finance tools and ensure the correct management of the project selection and fund 
allocation process, in 2019, A2A created an inter-functional Green Financing Committee, chaired by Finance 
and consisting of Planning and Control, Sustainability Projects and Reporting, Strategy and Innovation.  
In 2021 the Committee, now called Sustainable Finance Committee (SFC), has further developed the role to 
include Sustainability-Linked Instruments. The SFC, chaired by Finance, includes members from the 
following departments: Finance, Sustainability Projects and Reporting, Strategy and Planning & Control. 
The Committee meeting takes place on a semi-annual basis and as and when the situation requires. The 
Sustainable Finance Committee defines the Group's guidelines for the selection of eligible projects, the rules 
for the proper management of funds arising from the subscription of loans, the monitoring of the positive 
impact on environmental and circular economy metrics. The Committee also selects and proposes eligible 
sustainable financing KPIs and reviews and monitors the related Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs). 
This Committee was set up with the aim of monitoring potential sustainable investment initiatives, 
underwriting any type of financial instrument dedicated to specific green projects and then guaranteeing their 
implementation. 
Integrated Sustainability Report 
In compliance with Italian Legislative Decree no. 254/2016 and subsequent amendments and integrations, 
A2A published the Group's disclosure of non-financial information for the year 2019 (the Integrated 
Sustainability Report), prepared with reference to the Integrated Reporting Framework drawn up by the 
International Integrated Reporting Council. This document (including the Supplement) provides an account 
of the performances of the companies from both a financial and a social and environmental standpoint. The 
document has also been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and, by 
some indicators, it complies with GRI-G4 Electric Utilities Sector Supplement. For the first time, it is also 
aligned with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).  
The Integrated Sustainability Report, approved by the Board of Directors of A2A on 18 March 2021, was 
then subject to a limited audit, with regard to aspects relating to GRI reporting, by an external company, in 
accordance with the criteria laid down by the "International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 
Revised" (ISAE 3000 Revised). For further information see the Integrated Sustainability Report incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Employees 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had 12,978 employees, of whom 729 were related to the consolidation of 
the ACSM-AGAM group, while at 31 December 2019, the Group had 12,186 employees. For further 
information, see the sections headed (i) "Notes to the Consolidated annual report – Labour Cost" of the 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 and (ii) "Notes to the Consolidated 
annual report – Labour Cost" of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
both incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", 
above). 
Legal proceedings 
In the ordinary course of its activities, A2A and the other companies of the Group are presently involved in a 
number of civil, administrative and tax proceedings. The companies of the Group might also be subject to 
criminal investigations and/or proceedings. A2A and the other companies of the Group have conducted a 
review of their on-going litigation and have made provisions, where necessary, considered appropriate in

--- Page 130 ---
130 
  
light of the circumstances, when a loss is certain or probable and reasonably estimable, in accordance with 
applicable accounting principles. 
For a detailed description of the legal proceedings and investigations involving the companies belonging to 
the A2A Group and the related provisions, if any, see the section of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 headed "Update of the main legal 
and tax disputes still pending", incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference", above).  
Furthermore, with reference to the MNL extraordinary operation (incorporation of many Lombardy 
companies in ACSM AGAM), please note that ACSM AGAM Ambiente S.r.l. has notified an appeal before 
the State Council against the decision n. 1080/2021 of the Administrative Court of Milan, who confirmed the 
award of the municipal sanitation service to the second-ranking bidder. The Group has set aside an adequate 
provision to cover any risk in the case ACSM AGAM Ambiente S.r.l will be the losing party. 
With respect to the proceeding RG 195/17 beside the Public Prosecutor of Gorizia, please note that on 6 May 
2021 a conclusion of preliminary investigations advice for environmental disaster has been notified to one of 
the three employees involved in the proceeding and to A2A Energie Future S.p.A. for administrative 
responsibility of entities. 
With reference to the merger between A2A and AEB, please note that A2A, as well as AEB and the 
Municipality of Seregno, has notified appeal to State Council to request the annulment of the sentences n. 
412/21, 413/21 and 414/21 of the Administrative Court of Milan. The merit hearing of the proceeding will 
take place on 1 July 2021. 
Please also note that the Company has been noticed, also from press reports, about a personal cautionary 
measure regarding a director of a subsidiary company (controlled by AEB) for crimes in public tenders 
committed before AEB entered in A2A Group. The proceeding is still in the stage of the preliminary 
investigations. 
Legislative and regulatory framework 
Some of the Group's operations are within regulated sectors. The legislative and regulatory framework in 
which the Group operates is summarized in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Regulation" below. 
For further information on the legislative and regulatory framework see the section headed “Evolution of the 
regulation and impacts on the Business Units of the A2A Group” of the Report on Operations 2020 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Such laws and regulations may affect the Group's operating profit or the way it conducts business, in this 
respect see, inter alia, "Risk Factors — Regulatory risks" above. 
Significant events after 31 December 2020 
A2A acquired the largest Italian merchant portfolio of photovoltaic plants (173 MW) 
On 14 February 2021 A2A signed a binding agreement with Octopus Renewables for the acquisition of a 
portfolio of 17 photovoltaic plants with a rated power of 173 MW. The asset is the largest merchant portfolio 
of plants in Italy, without GSE incentives, of which nine are located in Lazio and eight in Sardinia. 
Possible merger of LGH in A2A 
On 16 April 2021 A2A presented to the minority shareholders of LGH, which hold a combined share capital 
of 49%, a preliminary merger proposal of LGH in A2A. The proposal is made in accordance with to the 
partnership agreement signed by the parties and to the press release in 12.18.2020 and 03.12.2021. The

--- Page 131 ---
131 
  
preliminary merger proposal is subject to the approval of the relevant bodies of the minority shareholders of 
LGH and envisages that the latter, after the merger, will hold a 2,75% share capital of A2A. According to the 
partnership agreements the acceptance of the preliminary merger proposal should be sent to A2A by at least 
70% of the minority shareholders of LGH. The merger will, however, be subject to the approval of the 
relevant bodies of A2A and LGH. 
For further information, see the section headed "Significant events after 31 December 2020" of the Report on 
Operations 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference", above). 
A2A S.p.A. announces the start of an ordinary share buyback programme 
On 13 May 2021 A2A S.p.A. announced the start of an ordinary share buyback programme pursuant to the 
resolution of the Company’s ordinary shareholders' meeting held on 29 April 2021. The details of the 
buyback programme are outlined in the press release dated 13 May 2021 headed "Press Release" in 
accordance with Article 144-bis, third paragraph, of the CONSOB resolution No. 11971/99 (“Issuer 
Regulations”). 
Following the execution of the share buyback programme, the Issuer holds 68,005,211 treasury share as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
A2A S.p.A. and Ardian Infrastructure announced the execution of a non-binding term-sheet setting out 
the main terms of a partnership in energy generation and supply in Italy  
On 8 June 2021, the Issuer and Ardian Infrastructure (Ardian) announced the execution of a non-binding 
term-sheet setting out the main terms of a partnership in energy generation and supply in Italy. Through the 
partnership, the Issuer and Ardian are aiming to establish the second largest Italian platform focused on the 
energy transition, and one of the largest electricity producers and suppliers in Italy, with a clear 
decarbonisation strategy in line with the objectives set by the Italian PNIEC and the Paris Agreement. The 
partnership builds on the partnership signed by the two companies in November 2020, which would allow 
them to jointly explore opportunities in green hydrogen. 
The term sheet contemplates the incorporation of an entity controlled by the Issuer (NewCo), in which the 
Issuer will contribute full ownership or majority stakes in a portfolio of assets including energy generation 
assets (hydro, CCGTs, wind and solar plants), supply business, energy management storage assets as well as 
hydrogen projects. The preliminary indicative valuation of the perimeter of assets that will be contributed in 
Newco is approximately Euro 3.0 billion (enterprise value), generating a combined pro-forma EBITDA 2020 
of Euro 360 million. This valuation implies a valuation of the entire business units of the Issuer involved in 
the transaction (including minority stakes and portions of business units not contributed into NewCo) of 
approximately Euro 4.1 billion (enterprise value). 
Ardian will invest up to Euro 1.5 billion in equity in this new entity, accelerating the roll-out and financing 
of the 3GW+ plan in renewable generation outlined by the Issuer in January 2021. The companies have 
already identified potential targets and plan on evaluating further opportunities in the future. The partnership 
would become the exclusive vehicle for each of the Issuer and Ardian’s future investments in the renewable 
energy generation sector in Italy, and their preferred vehicle for joint investments in the energy generation 
business in Italy. After the capital increase, Ardian will held up to 45% of Newco. The establishment of the 
partnership is still subject to successful due diligence, negotiation of certain binding agreements and certain 
other conditions being satisfied (including approval and authorization by the relevant bodies). 
The Issuer and Ardian have agreed to grant each other binding exclusivity periods until the end of 2021.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
  
REFERENCE SHAREHOLDERS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the majority of A2A voting share capital is held by two public 
shareholders (the Municipality of Brescia and the Municipality of Milan). 
On 30 December 2013, the Municipality of Brescia and the Municipality of Milan entered into a 
shareholders’ agreement concerning 1,566,452,642 ordinary shares (the Previous Shareholders' 
Agreement) governing A2A's ownership structure and corporate governance. On 20 May 2016, the Previous 
Shareholders' Agreement was amended and on 4 October 2016, the Municipality of Brescia and the 
Municipality of Milan reported, pursuant to article 131 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971, the tacit renewal 
of the Previous Shareholders' Agreement for the 2017-2019 period, given that the applicable period for 
serving notice of cancellation of the agreement had passed. 
On 26 October 2016, the Municipality of Milan received from the Municipality of Brescia a proposal – 
approved by the Brescia Municipal Committee (Giunta comunale) on 25 October 2016 – to partially amend 
the Previous Shareholders' Agreement (the "Proposal") by entering into a new three-year shareholders' 
agreement based on the same principles and guidelines as the Previous Shareholders' Agreement and aimed, 
inter alia, at promoting, as majority shareholders, the development and reinforcement of A2A and its 
subsidiaries as a key partner to companies operating in the Lombardy region in the local public services and 
energy sectors. In particular, the Proposal provided that the new public shareholders' agreement was to apply 
to a number of ordinary shares corresponding to 42 per cent. of the corporate capital of A2A, 50 per cent. 
held by the Municipality of Milan and 50 per cent. by the Municipality of Brescia. On 4 November 2016, the 
Milan Municipal Committee (Giunta comunale) of the Municipality of Milan having positively evaluated the 
Proposal, submitted the Proposal to the Milan Municipal Council (Consiglio comunale) for the final 
decision. 
On 1 February 2017, the Municipality of Milan and the Municipality of Brescia signed the new shareholders' 
agreement regarding their interest in A2A and undertook not to dispose of any shares held (the New 
Shareholders' Agreement). On 2 August 2019, the New Shareholders' Agreement was renewed for the 
three years period 2020-2023. 
An excerpt of the New Shareholders' Agreement is available for inspection free of charge, as required by the 
Financial Services Act (as defined below), on the website of CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa) (CONSOB) and on the websites of the Municipality of Brescia and the Municipality of 
Milan. 
According to communications provided pursuant to Article 120 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act), and available information, as at the date hereof shareholders 
with a shareholding exceeding 1 per cent. of the A2A voting capital were as follows: 
 
Declarer 
Direct Shareholder 
Type of 
shareholding 
Percentage 
of voting 
capital(1)
Municipality of Brescia 
Municipality of Brescia ........................... 
Owner 
25.000%
 
Total ........................................................ 
 
25.000%
Municipality of Milan 
Municipality of Milan ............................. 
Owner 
25.000%
 
Total ........................................................ 
 
25.000%
 
(1) Pursuant to CONSOB Resolution No. 21326 of 9 April 2020 any shareholding higher than 1% of the voting capital shall be communicated to 
CONSOB pursuant to Article 120 of the Financial Services Act.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, A2A holds 68,005,211 treasury shares, representing 2.1707 per cent. 
of the share capital consisting of 3,132,905,277 shares. For further information on transactions of treasury 
shares, see also "Treasury shares buy-back programmes" below. 
The remaining shares are held by market investors. 
Except for the major shareholders mentioned above there are no other persons that have major holdings 
within the meaning of Article 8 or Article 9 of the Luxembourg law of 11 January 2008 on transparency 
requirements for issuers of securities, as amended. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, A2A is not subject to the management and coordination of any 
company pursuant to Article 2497 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code. Moreover, A2A is not controlled by any 
other company. 
Treasury shares buy-back programmes 
On 29 April 2021, the ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meeting authorised - subject to the revocation 
of the resolution adopted by the ordinary shareholders' meeting on 13 May 2020 for the purchase and sale, 
transfer or assignment of treasury shares - the administrative body to effect transactions covering the 
purchase and sale, transfer or assignment of treasury shares, in accordance with the objectives, conditions 
and terms set forth hereunder: 
1. 
the maximum number of treasury shares that may be held overall is set at 313,290,527, taking into 
account the shares already held by A2A S.p.A. and its subsidiaries, and is equal to one-tenth of the shares 
that make up the share capital; 
2. 
the transactions entailing the purchase of treasury shares are to be effected for pursuing, in the 
interest of the Company and in the respect of the principle of the equal treatment of the shareholders and of 
the applicable laws and regulations in effect, development objectives, such as transactions related to business 
projects consistent with the strategies that the Company intends to pursue, in relation to which the 
opportunity for share exchanges may be manifested; 
3. 
the transactions entailing the sale, transfer, or assignment of treasury shares, even subsequent 
transactions, are to be effected for pursuing, in the interest of the Company and in the respect of the principle 
of the equal treatment of the shareholders and of the applicable laws and regulations in effect, objectives 
such as transactions related to current operations and business projects consistent with the strategies that the 
Company intends to pursue, in relation to which the opportunity for share exchanges may be manifested; 
4. 
the purchase of the shares shall be effected, in accordance with the provisions of Article 132 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58/1998 and subsequent modifications, Article 144-bis of the Issuer Regulations and 
any other EU or national law or regulation applicable to the market in which the shares are traded (including, 
inter alia, the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. Regulations and Instructions) with the operational means permitted by 
prevailing laws and regulations, and therefore, pursuant to Article 144-bis, Paragraph 1, Letter b) of the 
Issuer Regulations, on regulated markets, according to the operational procedures established in the 
regulations governing the organisation and operation of the markets; said operational procedures may not 
allow for direct matching of purchase bids with predetermined sale orders, and must be effected at a price 
that is no more than 5% above and no more than 5% below the price of reference of the shares on record for 
the market trading session preceding any individual transaction; said parameters are deemed suitable for 
identifying the interval of values within which the purchase is of interest for the Company; 
5. 
the acts allowing for making available, and in particular, through sale transactions, the treasury 
shares acquired on the basis of the shareholder authorisation or in any case, already in the portfolio of the 
Company, may be effected: (i) through transactions in cash, and in this regard, the sales are to be effected on 
the market on which the shares are traded and/or outside of the market, at a price that is no more than 5% 
above and no more than 5% below the price of reference of the shares on record for the market trading

--- Page 134 ---
134 
  
session preceding any single transaction; or (ii) through exchange, swap, or conferral transactions or other 
transfer (including, for example, assignments to employees; share dividends), within the framework of 
business projects or non-recurring financial transactions, and in such case, without price limitations, or (iii) 
to allow the use of the treasury shares for swap or conferral transactions or also to service capital transactions 
of an extraordinary nature or financing transactions that may imply the assignment or transfer of treasury 
shares (for example, to service of financial instruments exchangeable into shares, convertible bonds, bonds, 
or warrants). 
For further information on current Share buyback programme reported see the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Significant events after 31 December 2020” above. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The corporate governance rules for Italian companies, such as A2A, whose shares are listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), are set out in the Italian Civil Code, the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 and the voluntary code of corporate governance issued by the Italian Stock 
Exchange (the Corporate Governance Code). 
On 13 June 2014, the extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of A2A approved the new text of the 
corporate by-laws of A2A and adopted a "traditional" governance system. In particular, the extraordinary 
meeting of the shareholders of A2A resolved upon the transition from the two tier or "dual" system of 
management and control (modello dualistico), involving a "Supervisory Board" and a "Management Board", 
in addition to the shareholders' meeting, to the "traditional" system (according to which the board of directors 
is entrusted with the management of the company). 
Board of Directors 
A2A is currently managed by a Board of Directors of 12 (twelve) members, meeting the requirements of 
integrity and professionalism prescribed by current legislation. The members of the Board of Directors are 
appointed according to a voting system based on lists, in accordance with gender balance legislation. Nine 
members are taken from the list obtaining the highest number of votes whilst the remaining three members 
are taken from the other lists, placed in a single ranking in descending order based on the quotient assigned 
to each candidate. 
In particular, the first and second candidates taken from the list obtaining the highest number of votes are 
appointed as Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors, respectively. 
The Board of Directors is entrusted with the broadest powers for conducting the ordinary and extraordinary 
management of A2A; in particular, the Board of Directors has the power to carry out all the measures 
considered necessary or appropriate for achieving the corporate purpose of A2A, excluding only those 
activities which are reserved to the shareholders' meetings by law or the company's by-laws. 
The shareholders' meeting of A2A held on 13 May 2020 appointed the members of the Board of Directors 
for a period of three years. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors. 
 
Board of Directors 
Member 
Position 
Patuano Marco Emilio Angelo 
Chairman 
Comboni Giovanni 
Deputy Chairman 
Mazzoncini Renato 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director*

--- Page 135 ---
135 
  
Bariatti Stefania 
Director 
Cariello Vincenzo 
Director 
D'Andrea Federico Maurizio 
Director 
De Paoli Luigi 
Director 
Giusti Gaudiana 
Director 
Lavini Fabio 
Director 
Perrotti Christine 
Director 
Ravera Secondina Giulia 
Director 
Speranza Maria Grazia 
Director 
*Mr Renato Mazzoncini was appointed Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors at the meeting held 
on 14 May 2020. The Board of Directors granted Mr Renato Mazzoncini the additional role and 
responsibilities of Managing Director in the meeting held on 14 May 2020. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors of A2A (acting in their capacity as Directors 
of A2A) is the Issuer's registered office at via Lamarmora 230, 25124 Brescia, Italy. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
Under the authority conferred on it by A2A's by-laws, the Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to 
establish specific committees, with members drawn from the Board of Directors, and to determine their 
powers and the rules for their functioning. Such committees have a consultative and advisory role. 
This detailed framework clearly defines responsibilities, facilitates effective and timely decision making, 
provides for a balance of power and emphasises the central role of the Board of Directors in managing the 
Group and, in particular, determining and pursuing its strategic objectives. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the following committees have been created within the Board of Directors: 
Control and Risks Committee, made up of four members: Mr De Paoli Luigi (Chairman), Mr d'Andrea 
Federico Maurizio, Ms Giusti Gaudiana and Ms Perrotti Christine. 
Appointments and Compensation Committee, made up of three members: Ms Ravera Secondina Giulia 
(Chairman), Ms Bariatti Stefania and Mr Comboni Giovanni. 
Committee for the Sustainability and Territory, made up of four members: Mr Patuano Marco Emilio 
Angelo (Chairman), Mr Cariello Vincenzo, Mr Lavini Fabio and Ms Speranza Maria Grazia. 
Independent directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Directors Giovanni Comboni, Stefania Bariatti, Vincenzo Cariello, 
Luigi De Paoli, Gaudiana Giusti, Fabio Lavini, Christine Perrotti, Dina Ravera and Maria Grazia Speranza 
meet the independence requirements prescribed by article 148of the Financial Services Act (TUF). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, seven Directors meet the independence requirements prescribed by the 
Corporate Governance Code (Codice di Corporate Governance): Stefania Bariatti, Vincenzo Cariello, Luigi 
De Paoli, Gaudiana Giusti, Christine Perrotti, Dina Ravera and Maria Grazia Speranza.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
  
Significant positions held by the members of the Board of Directors outside the Group 
The table below lists the positions on boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors and supervisory 
committees, as well as other positions, other than those within the Group, held by the members of the Board 
of Directors. 
 
Board of Directors 
Title
Other relevant positions held 
Patuano 
Marco 
Emilio Angelo 
Chairman 
Member of the Board of Directors of Telit Communications Plc 
Member of the Board of Directors of Digital Value S.p.A. 
 
Comboni Giovanni 
Deputy Chairman 
Member of the Board of Directors of Neosperience Lab S.r.l. 
Mazzoncini Renato 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
None 
Bariatti Stefania 
Director 
Member of the Board of banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL) 
Cariello Vincenzo 
Director 
Member of the Board of Directors of Unicredit S.p.A 
D'Andrea 
Federico 
Maurizio 
Director 
None 
De Paoli Luigi 
Director 
None 
Giusti Gaudiana 
Director 
Member of the Board of Directors of Banca Carige S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Saes Getters S.p.A. 
Lavini Fabio 
Director 
None 
Perrotti Christine 
Director 
None 
Ravera 
Secondina 
Giulia 
Director 
Executive Chairman of Destination Italia S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Reply S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Infrastrutture Wireless 
Italiane S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of OTB S.p.A. 
Speranza 
Maria 
Grazia 
Director 
None 
Conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Board of Directors to A2A and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
  
Transactions with related parties 
On 11 November 2010, the Management Board approved a new procedure to regulate the approval and 
execution of transactions with related parties entered into by A2A, directly or through subsidiaries, which 
was adopted in accordance with the provisions of Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code as implemented 
by CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 of 12 March 2010 (as subsequently amended by CONSOB Regulation 
No. 17389 of 23 June 2010). This procedure replaced, with effect from 1 January 2011, any previous 
regulation for transactions with related parties approved by the Management Board of the Issuer and was 
subsequently amended on 1 August 2012, 7 November 2013, 18 December 2013, 22 June 2015, 20 June 
2016, 22 June 2017 and on 16 December 2019.. For further information, see the paragraph headed "Note on 
related party transactions" of the section headed "Notes to the consolidated annual report" of the audited 
consolidated financial statements of A2A as at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Statutory Auditors 
The shareholders' meeting held on 13 May 2020 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors of A2A for a 
period of three financial years, until the shareholders' meeting called to approve the financial statements of 
A2A for the financial year ending 31 December 2022. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of A2A. 
 
Name 
Position 
Sarubbi Giacinto Gaetano 
Chairman 
Lombardi Maurizio Leonardo 
Standing Auditor 
Segala Chiara 
Standing Auditor 
Passantino Antonio 
Alternate Auditor 
Tettamanzi Patrizia 
Alternate Auditor 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of A2A (acting in their capacity as 
Statutory Auditors of A2A) is the Issuer's registered office at via Lamarmora 230, 25124 Brescia, Italy. 
Significant positions held by the Statutory Auditors outside the Group 
The table below lists the positions on boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors and supervisory 
committees, as well as other positions, other than those within the Group, held by the members of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors. 
 
Statutory Auditors 
Title 
Other relevant positions held  
Sarubbi 
Giacinto 
Gaetano 
Chairman 
Member of the Board of Directors of Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Webuild S.p.A. 
Lombardi 
Maurizio 
Leonardo 
Standing 
Auditor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of E.FA.S. S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Confinvet F.L. 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fondazione Piccolo 
Teatro – Teatro d'Europa

--- Page 138 ---
138 
  
Statutory Auditors 
Title 
Other relevant positions held  
CEO of DGPA & Co S.r.l. 
Segala Chiara 
Standing 
Auditor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Openjobmetis 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Normalien S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fra.bo S.p.A. 
Sole Auditor of Valpres S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of Valqui S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of DIG SICAF S.p.A. 
Passantino Antonio 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cooperativa 
Bresciana Tabaccai S.c.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Assoservice S.c.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of CSMT Gestioni S.c.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Sirap Gema S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fondo Metasalute 
Liquidator of Trend S.p.A. 
Special Commissioner of Acciaieria e Tubificio Bresciano S.p.A. 
Special Commissioner of Ocean S.p.A. 
Tettamanzi Patrizia 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Banca Bper S.p.A. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus all the statutory auditors meet the independence requirements 
prescribed by article 148, paragraph 3 of the Financial Services Act, and there are no potential or existing 
conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors to A2A and their 
private interests or other duties. 
Independent Auditors 
On 11 June 2015, the A2A shareholders' meeting approved the appointment of EY S.p.A. (EY) to act as the 
Issuer's independent auditors for the 2016-2024 period. 
EY with registered office in Rome, Via Lombardia 31, Italy, is registered under No. 70945 in the Register of 
Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and is a member of the Italian Association of 
Auditors (ASSIREVI). EY's current appointment will expire on the date of the shareholders' meeting 
convened to approve A2A's financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2024. EY have 
audited the Issuer's consolidated financial statements in accordance with international financial reporting

--- Page 139 ---
139 
  
standards as adopted by the European Union for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
  
REGULATION 
The Group operates in highly regulated environment. Although this overview contains all the information 
that as at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer considers material in the context of the issue of the 
Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations. Prospective investors and/or 
their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the Group and 
of the impact they may have on the Group and any investment in the Notes and should not rely on this 
overview only. 
For further information see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
EU Energy Regulation: from the Third Energy Package to the Clean Energy Package 
The European Union is active in energy regulation by means of its legislative powers, as well as 
investigations and other actions by the European Commission. In this regard, following previous EU 
Directives regarding the single European energy market (EU Directives No. 96/92/EC and 98/30/EC, and EU 
Directives 2003/54/EC and 2003/55/EC), the European institutions have adopted the so-called "third energy 
package" (EU Directives No. 2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC and Regulations (i) (EC) No. 715/2009 on 
conditions for access to the natural gas transmission networks, (ii) (EC) No. 714/2009) on conditions for 
access to the network for cross-border exchange of electricity and (iii) (EC) No. 713/2009 on the 
establishment of the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER)), aimed at completing the 
liberalisation of both electricity and gas markets. In particular, the third energy package contemplates the 
separation of supply and production activities from transmission network operations. To achieve this goal, 
Member States were able to choose between the following three options: 
 
Full Ownership Unbundling (OU). This option entails vertically integrated undertakings selling their 
gas and electricity grids to an independent operator, which will carry out all network operations. 
 
Independent System Operator (ISO). Under this option, vertically integrated undertakings maintain 
the ownership of the gas and electricity grids, but they are obliged to designate an independent 
operator for the management of all network operations. 
 
Independent Transmission Operator (ITO). This option is a variant of the ISO option under which 
vertically integrated undertakings do not have to designate an ISO, but need to abide by strict rules 
ensuring separation between supply and transmission. 
The third energy package also contains several measures that enhance consumers' rights, such as the right: (i) 
to change supplier within three weeks, and to receive the final closure account no later than six weeks after 
switching suppliers; (ii) to obtain compensation if quality targets are not met; (iii) to receive information on 
supply terms through bills and company websites; and (iv) to have complaints dealt with in an efficient and 
independent manner. 
The third energy package also strengthens protection for small businesses and residential clients, while rules 
are introduced to ensure that liberalisation does not cause detriment to vulnerable energy consumers. 
Finally, the third energy package provides for the creation of a European Union agency for the coordination 
of national energy regulators, which will issue non-binding framework guidelines for the national agencies. 
It is expected that this will result in more harmonized rules on energy regulation across the EU. 
The Directives referred to above were implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 (the Third 
Package Decree), which established the following principles:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
  
 
Unbundling: the ITO model was selected for natural gas transportation, whereas the Italian 
electricity transmission company — Terna — has been subject to ownership unbundling since 2005 
according to the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers (DPCM) dated 11 May 2004. 
Nevertheless, Law Decree No. 1/2012 (the so-called "Cresci Italia" Decree) also imposed the 
ownership unbundling model on the Italian incumbent — SNAM Rete Gas S.p.A., the operational 
details of which are set forth in the DPCM dated 25 May 2012. 
 
Consumer protection: 
 
in the natural gas sector, the Third Package Decree established further obligations to provide 
information to customers, redefined "vulnerable" customers, for which the ARERA (as 
defined below) sets tariffs, and introduced guidelines for a default service, applicable to 
vulnerable customers without supply; 
 
in the electricity sector, the scenario was confirmed and improved with more obligations to 
provide information to customers. As for the gas sector, a three-week term for electricity 
supplier switching was implemented. 
 
Retail market: the rules concerning supplier communication policies have been enhanced in order to 
prevent ambiguity and undue advantages. 
 
Regulatory authority for electricity and gas: The Third Package Decree provides that companies 
which are subjected to sanctions in respect of disputed behaviour may present their proposed actions 
correcting the disputed behaviour to the ARERA (as defined below). 
In November 2016 the EU Commission launched the Clean Energy Package for all Europeans (CEP), the 
adoption of which was completed in mid-2019 after the publication of the complete Package including eight 
legislative acts: Energy Performance of Buildings Directive – EPBD 2018/844; the recast Renewable Energy 
Directive - RED 2018/2001; the revised Energy Efficiency Directive - EED 2018/2002; Governance of the 
Energy Union and Climate Action Regulation 2018/1999; Regulation on risk-preparedness in the electricity 
sector 2019/941; Regulation establishing a European Union Agency for the Cooperation of Energy 
Regulators 2019/942; Regulation on the internal market for electricity 2019/943; and Directive on common 
rules for the internal market for electricity 2019/944. 
The main goal of the CEP is to address a gradual transition towards clean energy and a carbon-neutral 
economy, setting the following 2030 targets at an EU level (in lieu of the national targets set by the previous 
Directives): 
 
40% cut in greenhouse gas emissions compared to 1990 levels; 
 
a binding renewable energy target of at least 32%; 
 
an energy efficiency target of at least 32.5% - with a possible upward revision in 2023. 
The main tools that are to ensure the achievement of the abovementioned targets are: a new design for 
electricity markets aimed at allowing the full integration of RES production; limits for the dispatching 
priorities granted for RES and CHP; support for self-consumption and promotion of renewable and citizens' 
local communities; the possibility for Member States to design capacity remuneration mechanisms in order 
to guarantee a system backup, although they must be proportionate to and compliant with the State Aid 
regulation. 
Indeed, the CEP encourages the full liberalisation of retail markets and the engagement of the customers 
through faster switching processes, demand response and dynamic pricing for tariffs. The role of DSOs is 
pivotal for the upgrade of the grid infrastructures in order to tackle the increasing distributed production,

--- Page 142 ---
142 
  
however limits for network operators' engagement in emerging activities, such as storage and EV recharging 
services, were imposed in order to allow market competition. 
Moreover, on 11 December 2019 the EU Commission presented The European Green Deal 
(COM(2019)640) that sets out a detailed vision to make Europe the first climate-neutral continent by 2050, 
safeguard biodiversity, establish a circular economy and eliminate pollution, while boosting the 
competitiveness of European industry and ensuring a just transition for the regions and workers affected. In 
December 2020, EU environment ministers reached an agreement on a general approach on the 
Commission’s proposal for a European climate law, including a new EU greenhouse gas net emissions 
reduction target of at least 55% by 2030 compared to 1990, following the guidance of the European Council 
given on 10-11 December 2020.  
In 2021 the EU will adopt a “Fit for 55” package that will include initiatives on Revision of the EU 
Emissions Trading System (ETS), Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) and a proposal for 
CBAM as own resource, Revision of the Energy Tax Directive, Amendment to the Renewable Energy 
Directive to implement the ambition of the new 2030 climate target (RED) and Energy Efficiency Directive 
(EED), Reducing methane emissions in the energy sector, Revision of the energy performance of Buildings 
Directive (EPBD), Revision of the Third Energy Package for gas (Directive 2009/73/EU and Regulation 
715/2009/EU) to regulate competitive decarbonised gas markets and other initiatives in the energy transition 
and circular economy.  
Decarbonised and low carbon gases: Hydrogen 
The European Green Deal establishes a roadmap for cutting greenhouse gas emissions, while boosting a 
resource-efficient economy. It includes a set of initiatives to reach this goal, including the energy system 
integration strategy and the hydrogen strategy.  
The hydrogen strategy was adopted by the Commission on 8 July 2020. This strategy will bring together 
different strands of action, from research and innovation over production and infrastructure to the 
international dimension. It will explore actions to support the production and use of clean hydrogen, focusing 
in particular on the mainstreaming of renewable hydrogen. The path set by the EU Hydrogen Strategy is 
divided into three phases. Each phase sets a specific objective to be achieved within the relevant phase: 
 
Phase 1 (2020-24): the objective is to decarbonise existing hydrogen production for current uses 
such as the chemical sector and promote it for new applications. This phase relies on the installation 
of at least six GW of renewable hydrogen electrolysers in the EU by 2024 and producing up to one 
million tons of renewable hydrogen. For comparison, only approximately 1 GW of electrolysers 
have been installed in the EU at the time of writing this article; 
 
Phase 2 (2024-30): hydrogen needs to become an intrinsic part of an integrated energy system with a 
strategic objective to install at least 40 GW of renewable hydrogen electrolysers by 2030 and the 
production of up to 10m tons of renewable hydrogen in the EU. Hydrogen use will then gradually 
expand into new sectors, including steel-making, trucks, rail and some maritime transport 
applications. It will still mainly be produced close to the user or the renewable energy sources, in 
local ecosystems;  
 
Phase 3 (from 2030 onwards and towards 2050): renewable hydrogen technologies should reach 
maturity and be deployed at large scale to reach all hard-to-decarbonise sectors where other 
alternatives might not be feasible or have higher costs. 
Natural gas (fossil methane) constitutes around 95% of today’s gaseous fuels consumed in the EU. Next to 
being an energy carrier, gaseous fuels are also a key feedstock for industrial processes and are one of the 
sources of flexibility for an energy system increasingly based on variable supplies generated from renewable 
energy sources. Building on this evidence, in 2021 the Commission launched a revision of the current EU 
rules on gas and hydrogen to ensure that the gas market framework is in line with our Fit for 55 ambition, 
contributing to the energy and climate targets and writing into legislation the measures outlined in the 
respective strategies for hydrogen and energy system integration.  
In the last quarter of 2020, the Italian Ministry proposed, for consultation, its own Strategy on Hydrogen, 
setting a 5 GW target for installed electrolyzer capacity by 2030. The national strategy aims at 2% hydrogen

--- Page 143 ---
143 
  
penetration into final energy demand by 2030, and up to 20% by 2050. For the next decade, the Italian 
Government foresees the application of hydrogen in the transport sector, with 4,000 long-haul trucks and a 
gradual replacement of diesel-fueled trains, which currently represent one-third of Italy’s fleet. It also 
foresees industry usage and hydrogen pumped into the gas network. According to the preliminary guidelines, 
Italy should invest between Euro 2 billion and Euro 3 billion in distribution infrastructure, train and tracks; 
between Euro 5 billion and 8 billion in hydrogen production; and Euro 1 billion in research and 
development. 
Italian Energy Regulation 
The Ministry of Ecological Transition (Ministero della Transizione Ecologica – MiTE) and the Italian 
Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente – 
ARERA) share responsibility for the overall supervision and regulation of the Italian electricity and gas 
sector. Until 2020, the Ministry of Economic Development (Ministero per lo Sviluppo Economico – MiSE) 
was responsible for all activities revolving around energy policies. 
While the MSE establishes the strategic guidelines for the electricity and gas sector, the ARERA: 
 
defines and updates the tariff method for setting electricity and natural gas network tariffs; 
 
defines and updates the tariff method for setting prices for energy and natural gas supply to 
vulnerable customers (until 31 December 2020 for small enterprises8 in the electricity sector, and 
until 31 December 2022 for micro-enterprises9 in the electricity sector and all domestic customers 
pursuant to the Competition Law no. 124/2017, as amended by the “Milleproroghe” Decree no 
183/2020); 
 
defines and updates the tariff method for determining the fees for both the integrated water service 
and the waste cycle and approves the tariffs prepared by the Territorial Authority (EGA) or other 
competent bodies; 
 
formulates observations and recommendations to the Italian Government and Italian Parliament 
regarding the market structure and the adoption and implementation of European Directives and 
licenses or authorisations; 
 
establishes guidelines for the production and distribution of services, as well as specific and overall 
service standards and automatic refund mechanisms for users and consumers in cases where 
standards are not met and for the accounting and administrative unbundling of the various activities 
into which the electricity and natural gas sectors are organized; 
 
protects the interests of vulnerable customers, monitoring the conditions under which the services 
are provided, with powers to demand documentation and data, to carry out inspections, to obtain 
access to plants and to apply sanctions, and determines those cases in which operators should be 
required to provide refunds to users and consumers; 
 
handles out-of-court settlements and arbitrations of disputes between users or consumers and service 
providers; and 
 
reports to the Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato (the Antitrust Authority) any 
suspected violations of Law No. 287/1990 by companies operating in the electricity and natural gas 
sector. 
                                                   
8 Small enterprise means an enterprise which employs fewer than 50 persons and whose annual turnover and/or annual balance sheet total does not 
exceed EUR 10 million. 
9 Micro enterprise means an enterprise which employs fewer than 10 persons and whose annual turnover and/or annual balance sheet total does not 
exceed EUR 2 million.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
  
In addition to regulation by the ARERA, the Antitrust Authority also plays an active role in the energy 
market in ensuring competition between suppliers and protecting the rights of customers to choose their 
suppliers. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Italian Electricity Regulation 
The regulatory framework for the Italian electricity sector has changed significantly due to the 
implementation of the European energy Directives (Directive 2003/54/EC and 2001/77/EC and, afterwards 
2009/72/EC). 
On 1 April 1999, the Bersani Decree implementing Directive 96/92/EC came into force in Italy. It began the 
transformation of the electricity sector from a highly monopolistic industry to one in which energy prices 
charged by providers are eventually determined by competitive bidding and established a gradual 
liberalisation of the electricity market, providing that a number of customers (including, inter alia, those 
whose annual consumption of electricity exceeded specified amounts) (the Eligible Customers) were to be 
able to enter freely into supply contracts with power generation companies, wholesalers or distributors. 
The Bersani Decree established a general regulatory framework for the Italian electricity market that 
gradually introduced competition in power generation and sales to Eligible Customers, while maintaining a 
regulated monopoly structure for transmission, distribution and sales to parties other than the Eligible 
Customers (i.e. the Non-Eligible Customers). In particular, the Bersani Decree and the subsequent 
implementing regulations: 
 
as at 1 April 1999, liberalized the activities of generation, import, export, purchase and sale of 
electricity; 
 
as at 1 January 2003, provided that no party is allowed to generate or import, directly or indirectly, 
more than 50% of the total electricity generated in and imported into Italy, in order to increase 
competition in the power generation market; 
 
provided for the incorporation of Acquirente Unico S.p.A. (the Single Buyer), the company which 
stipulates and operates supply contracts in order to guarantee to the Non-Eligible Customers the 
availability of the necessary generating capacity and the supply of electricity in conditions of 
continuity, security and efficiency of service, as well as equal treatment, including tariffs; 
 
provided for the creation of a power exchange market in which producers, importers, wholesalers, 
distributors, the operator of the national transmission grid, other Eligible Customers and the Single 
Buyer will participate, with prices being determined through a competitive bidding process (the 
Power Exchange Market); 
 
provided for the incorporation of Gestore dei Mercati Energetici S.p.A. (the Energy Market 
Operator or GME), appointed to manage the Power Exchange Market; and 
 
provided that the transmission and dispatching services are reserved exclusively to the State and 
attributed under concession to the operator of the national transmission grid, while the activity of 
distribution of electricity is performed under a concession regime under the authority of the former 
Ministry of Productive Activities (the current MSE).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
  
The Bersani Decree originally provided for separation between management of the national electricity 
transmission grid (which was to be managed by an independent Electricity Services Operator, the Gestore 
della Rete di Trasmissione Nazionale, the GRTN) from ownership of the grid assets. 
Law Decree No. 239/2003, converted into Law No. 290/2003, providing for the unification of ownership and 
management of the national transmission grid into the same subject, was then implemented by DPCM of 11 
May 2004 and MSE Decree of 20 April 2005. The GRTN has been renamed Gestore dei Servizi Energetici 
S.p.A. (the GSE) and is entrusted with the promotion of energy from renewable resources, including CIP-6 
electricity, besides being the holding company of the Energy Market Operator and the Single Buyer. 
Moreover, Law No. 239/2004 (the so-called Marzano Law) reorganized the electricity market regulatory 
framework and provided that, as at 1 July 2004, only household customers were to be considered Non-
Eligible Customers. 
Law Decree No. 73/2007, converted into Law No. 125/2007, then introduced urgent measures to meet EU 
market liberalisation requirements, including: 
 
a requirement for companies owning grids supplying at least 100,000 customers to unbundle, as at 1 
July 2007, distribution activities from sales; 
 
the empowerment of the ARERA to adopt measures for the functional unbundling (pursuant to EU 
Directives 2003/54/EC and 2003/55/EC) of the administration of electricity and natural gas 
infrastructure from non-related operations for the purpose of ensuring independent, transparent 
administration of infrastructure; and 
 
the right for household end users, as at 1 July 2007, to withdraw from their pre-existing electricity 
supply contracts and select a different electricity provider, according to the procedures set forth by 
the ARERA. The supply of energy to former Non-Eligible Customers not switching to the free 
market was to be guaranteed by the distributor or by one of its affiliates. The responsibility for 
supplying such customers remains with the Single Buyer. 
The ARERA fixes electricity prices on the basis of supply costs paid by the Single Buyer to be applied to 
small end users not switching to the free market (the "protection scheme" or "servizio di maggior tutela": 
residential customers and small businesses having (i) less than 50 employees and (ii) a turnover lower than 
Euro 10 million). 
The Single Buyer also holds bidding procedures to identify providers of the last resort service ("servizio di 
salvaguardia" and the new “servizio a tutele graduali”), which is rendered to all final customers who are not 
eligible for the protection scheme and may temporarily find themselves without an electricity supplier. 
As mentioned before, starting from 1 January 2021 for small enterprises in the electricity sector the 
protection scheme was ended pursuant to the Competition Law no. 124/2017. Arera, to guarantee the 
electricity supply at the customers’ premises and not switching to the free market, has established the 
“Servizio a Tutele Graguali. The identification of the “Servizio a tutele graduali” for suppliers takes place 
and is selected through an auction carry out by the Single Buyer. A2A, through its subsidiary A2A Energia, 
has been awarded three lots, out of nine total lots, at the end of the auction procedures for identifying the 
operators of the “Servizio a tutele graduali”atcy: Lazio (lot 2), Lombardy with the exclusion of Milan (lot 3) 
and Veneto, Liguria and Trentino-Alto Adige (lot 6). The award covers the three-year period from 1 July 
2021 to 30 June 2024 and concerns approximately 100.000 supply points, for a total volume of over 2,5 TWh 
/ year. 
For the micro-enterprises in the electricity sector and all domestic customers the "servizio di maggior tutela" 
will end on 1 January 2023. We are still awaiting a Decree defining the modalities for the transition to the 
free market.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
  
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
In June 2011 the third energy package (as referred to above) was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree 
No. 93/2011 (the Third Package Decree). As previously mentioned, the Third Package Decree contains 
provisions concerning unbundling, provides details concerning the activities granted to the national 
transmission grid operator, Terna S.p.A. (Terna), and strengthens consumer protection rules. 
Generation 
The Bersani Decree liberalized electricity generation. In order to increase the level of competition in the 
market, the Bersani Decree provided that, as at 1 January 2003, no single electricity generation company was 
to be allowed to generate or import, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total electricity generated in 
and imported into Italy. 
In accordance with Legislative Decree No. 379 of 19 December 2003, the availability of electricity capacity 
must be regulated by a compensation mechanism aimed at assuring the adequacy of the system to cover the 
demand with the necessary reserve margins. This capacity payment mechanism has to be based on the 
following principles: it must ensure transparency and it must not cause distortion in the market, while 
reducing the total costs for consumers. 
In 2004, the ARERA established, by means of Resolution No. 48/2004, a provisional system of payments to 
remunerate producers that make generation capacity available to the electricity system at times of peak 
demand, known as capacity payment system. The remuneration includes both (i) an amount due for capacity 
available on critical days identified formerly by the GRTN and now by Terna, and (ii) an amount payable 
when Power Exchange Market prices fall below specified thresholds, as an extra incentive. 
Furthermore, as a consequence of Law No. 75/2011 and of the outcome of the Referendum dated 12 and 13 
June 2011 opposing the development of thermonuclear energy, the Capacity Payments system has been 
reshaped by ARERA by means of Resolution No. 98/2011 providing general criteria for the new mechanism, 
called "capacity market". The capacity market consists in Terna purchasing from producers (through specific 
tenders) options on generation capacity expected to be necessary in the following years in order to keep the 
electric power system in balance. 
After a long debate that involved the government, Authority and the European Commission, on 7 February 
2018 the EU Directorate-General for Competition approved the capacity mechanism proposed by Italian 
authorities for a ten-year period. 
In order to comply in advance with Regulation (EU) 2019/943 on the internal market for electricity, and in 
particular with CO2 emission limits for plants participating in capacity mechanisms, the Italian government 
notified to the European Commission a revised version of its mechanism. Following approval from the EC – 
14 June 2019 – the Italian Ministry of Economic Development approved the Italian capacity mechanism by 
the Ministerial Decree of 28 June 2019. The Decree called for two tenders to be held by 31 December 2019 
for the delivery years 2022 and 2023. The main aspects of the mechanism in place are: 
 
physical participation open to existing, new and refurbished capacity (conventional thermal plants, 
RES plants, storage assets, demand side response). Financial participation for foreign capacity; 
 
delivery period of 1 year for existing plants and 15 years for new capacity (upon request); 
 
respect of at least one of the following emission limits for existing capacity: 
 
emissions < 550 gr CO2/kWh;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
  
 
emissions < 350 kg CO2/kW/average per year. 
New capacity is not eligible to participate in the mechanism in case of emissions >550 gr CO2/kWh; 
incentives received from GSE (except for white certificates) cannot apply cumulatively. In particular, if the 
generators receive any other State aid related to energy production, they may opt to relinquish the other 
support and participate in the capacity market, or keep the support and not participate in the capacity market. 
With Resolution 363/2019/R/eel, ARERA determined: the cap price of the premium for new capacity 
(75,000 €/MW/year) and existing capacity (33,000 €/MW/year); and the methodology to calculate the strike 
price. 
The auctions for the delivery periods 2022 and 2023 – managed by Terna – were held on 6 and 28 November 
2019, respectively. An Italian photovoltaic association (Italia Solare) and the Italian companies Axpo Italia 
S.p.A., Tirreno Power S.p.A. and Set S.p.A. have appealed to the Italian Regional Court against the 
mechanism.  
Tirreno Power S.p.A. and Set S.p.A. have also appealed to the European Court of Justice against the 
mechanism; the Court’s decision is expected to be issued by the end of 2021. The date of the hearing for 
discussion of the Regional Court has been postponed after the EU Court’s decision. 
The A2A Group has decided to support the Italian Ministry and the Italian Authority in the debate, in favour 
of the mechanism. 
The auctions for the delivery periods 2024 and 2025 should be held by the end of 2021, as announced by the 
Ministry for the Ecological Transition. It will not be necessary to notify the mechanism to the European 
Commission as no major changes to the discipline are planned. Terna has recently published a consultation 
on minor changes to the Discipline (e.g. storage participation, deadlines for obtaining the authorizations and 
starting the delivery period for unauthorized new capacity, demand side participation, nominations rules and 
participation of new plants with P < 10 MW) and one on the relative Technical Rules (DTF).  
A further consultation on the reliability standards and value of lost load is soon expected to be published by 
Terna. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Promotion of Renewable Sources 
In 1992, the Interministerial Price Committee, an Italian governmental committee, issued Regulation No. 
6/1992 (CIP-6), which established incentives for new generation plants powered by renewable and similar 
sources and for the sale of electricity generated from such sources. In November 2000, the former Ministry 
for Industry (now the MSE) issued a decree providing that, as at 1 January 2001, all the energy generated 
from renewable and similar sources was to be withdrawn by Gestore della rete S.p.A. (now Gestore dei 
Servizi Energetici S.p.A. - GSE - the former electricity services operator) at a price fixed by the ARERA. 
Decree-Law no. 69/2013, as converted into Law No. 98/2013 (the so-called "Decreto del Fare"), then 
revised the operating rules of the CIP-6 matter, introducing references to the natural gas market. 
The Bersani Decree provided that, starting from 2001, all companies producing or importing more than 
100 GWh per year of electricity generated from conventional sources was to inject into the national 
transmission grid, during the following year, an amount of electricity produced from newly qualified 
renewable resources (the Renewable Obligation), initially amounting to at least two% of such excess over 
100 GWh, net of co-generation, self-consumption and exports (the Green Certificates Quota). Such Quota 
could be produced directly or purchased from other producers who had obtained tradable "Green

--- Page 148 ---
148 
  
Certificates" (i.e. securities representing a fixed amount of electricity certified as generated from renewable 
sources).10 
On 6 April 2009, the Council of the European Union adopted the final text of a directive setting a common 
EU framework in the field of the promotion of energy from renewable sources. The main objective of the 
directive is the achievement of a 20% share of energy from renewable resources in the EU's final 
consumption of energy by 2020. In light of this objective, Member States are assigned mandatory individual 
targets for the share of renewable energy sources in final energy consumption. For Italy, this target has been 
established at 17%, in comparison to the 5.2% assigned in 2005. 
Pursuant to EU Directive No. 2009/28/EC, in March 2011 Legislative Decree No. 28/2011 (the Renewables 
Decree), on the development of renewable sources, was published. The Decree defines tools, technicalities 
and the criteria the incentives schemes aimed at achieving the renewable source production targets by 2020. 
The incentive mechanism provided for by Decree No. 28/2011 is based on the following principles: 
 
incentives are to be paid for a period equal to the average conventional life-cycle period of the 
specific type of Renewable Plant, starting from the initial date of operation thereof; 
 
once granted, incentives remain constant for the entire incentive period and may also take into 
account the economic value of the energy produced; 
 
incentives are to be granted pursuant to private law agreements to be entered into between GSE and 
the owner of the relevant Renewable Plant, based on a standard form to be produced by the ARERA. 
The incentive scheme for the production of energy from renewable sources was implemented by Ministerial 
Decrees of 5 and 6 July 2012, which apply to solar powered plants and other power plants, respectively. 
Ministerial Decree of 6 July 2012 establishes that for plants below a certain power threshold, tariffs are to be 
paid (feed-in premium) with direct access or through subscription to records, while for those with higher 
power thresholds, an auction procedure is envisaged: 
 
Plants up to 5 MW benefit from a feed-in tariff. The amounts of the applicable feed-in tariff (which 
is fixed by a ministerial decree implementing the Renewables Decree) vary depending on the type of 
renewable source employed and the power capacity bracket to which the relevant plant belongs. The 
tariff applying on the date of entry into operation of the plant is maintained throughout the entire 
incentive period. 
 
Plants over 5 MW (or the higher threshold set forth with reference to different renewable sources) 
benefit from a feed-in tariff, the amount of which is determined on the basis of auctions by reduction 
(aste al ribasso) held by GSE. The procedures for the auction are managed by GSE. 
The RES-E qualification, issued by GSE, is a technical pre-requisite necessary to be admitted to incentive 
mechanisms preceding the Ministerial Decree of 6 July 2012. The qualification allows for green certificates 
or the all-inclusive feed-in tariff, depending on the net electricity generated and fed into the grid. 
Decree No. 28/2011 implementing the Directive 2009/28/CE revised the matter, with declining percentages 
of obligations until 2015, and consequently setting the expiry date of Green Certificates system. 
The Green Certificate mechanism, provided for by Ministerial Decree of 6 July 2012, was replaced by a new 
form of incentive with effect from 2016. Parties that have already been awarded a Green Certificate (owners 
                                                   
10 The provisions regulating the Green Certificates mechanism introduced by the Bersani Decree were subsequently amended by Legislative Decree 
No. 387 of 29 December 2003 (implementing EU Directive 2001/77/EC), Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007 (the so-called 2008 Budget Law), 
Ministerial Decree dated 18 December 2008 (D.M 18 December 2008) and Law No. 99 of 23 July 2009 (Law No. 99/2009).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
  
of plants with RES-E qualification) will maintain the benefit for the remaining concession period, but in a 
different form. In fact, according to the new mechanism, GSE pays a tariff on the net production of 
electricity additional to the revenues deriving from the increase in value of electricity (which can take place 
through the simplified purchase and resale arrangements or through the operator's recourse to the free 
market). 
In order to transition to the new incentive mechanism, the owners of RES-E plants that have already been 
awarded a Green Certificate must sign an agreement with GSE entitling them to benefit from the incentive 
tariff for the remaining period. The agreement must be entered into through a new IT application: GRIN - 
Gestione Riconoscimento Incentivo (Management of the Incentive Recognition). 
The MSE Decree issued on 23 June 2016 updating Ministerial Decree 6 July 2012 defines new rules for to 
access the incentive system applicable for the years 2015 and 2016 confirming the general scheme provided 
for by the previous Decree. 
On 25 March 2016, GSE published a notice on the expiries of 2014 GCs and 2015 GCs in respect of which a 
request may be made to GSE for withdrawal, respectively, by 31 March 2017 and 31 March 2018. This 
clarification, strongly supported by operators, allows the confirmation of the storage of certificates and the 
possibility of using the GC warehouse until their expiry. 
A new support scheme for renewables sources, including PV, was enacted by the Ministerial Decree of 4 
July 2019 (also known as "DM FER 1"). The Decree set a cap on the total expenditure (Euro 5.8 billion) and 
an amount of capacity admitted broken down into groups of technologies with similar deployment costs. 
Namely, the plants eligible for the incentives are divided into four groups based on source and the size of the 
projects: new/complete reconstruction/repowering of "on-shore" wind turbines and new PV plants (Group 
A); new photovoltaic systems replacing asbestos roofs of buildings (Group A2); new/complete 
reconstruction of existing hydroelectric plants, repowering of existing hydro plants, residual gases from 
purification processes in new plants (Group B); total or partial renovation of the following plants: on-shore 
wind/hydroelectric/biogas from purification processes (Group C). 
The incentives are paid on the net electricity produced and fed into the grid and are calculated as the 
difference between the tariff determined by the Decree (i.e. the "Reference Tariff") and the regional hourly 
price of the energy – operators take also the market value of the energy sold. Smaller plants (< 250kW) are 
eligible for the "all-inclusive tariff" compensating them for the energy withdrawn by the GSE. Extra 
incentives are awarded for specific environmental externalities related to: landfills and quarries, public 
buildings and electric mobility. 
Access to the incentives is provided in two different ways, depending on the size of the plant: 
 
Registers for plants with power between 1 kW (20 kW for photovoltaic systems) and 1 MW; 
 
Auction Procedures for plants with power greater than or equal to 1 MW (selection is on the basis of 
economic discount on the incentive and applying additional priority criteria). There are seven rounds 
for applications to the registers and/or auctions, with the first starting in September 2019. 
In case of upgrading, for all types of renewable sources, the calculation of the incentive applies to the 
corresponding increase in terms of power. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations 2020, incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above).

--- Page 150 ---
150 
  
CO2 Emissions 
In the framework of the Kyoto Protocol, in 2003 the EU adopted Directive 2003/87/EC (the EU Emissions 
Trading Directive) introducing an emissions trading system (EU ETS) to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
The EU ETS covers around 45% of the EU's greenhouse gas emissions and limits emissions from more than 
11,000 heavy energy-using installations (power stations & industrial plants) and airlines operating between 
31 countries (all 28 EU countries plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). 
In October 2004, the EU also passed another directive (Directive 2004/101/EC, the Linking Directive), 
amending the Emissions Trading Directive to allow other flexible mechanisms for limiting greenhouse gas 
emissions. Both the Emissions Trading Directive and the Linking Directive were implemented in Italy by 
Legislative Decree No. 216/2006. 
The EU Regulation No. 166/2006, concerning the establishment of a European Emission Register, was 
implemented under Italian Law pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 157/2011. 
The EU ETS works on the 'cap and trade' principle. A cap is set on the total amount of certain greenhouse 
gases that can be emitted by installations covered by the system. The "cap" is reduced over time so that total 
emissions fall. Within the cap, companies receive or buy emission allowances which they can "trade" with 
one another as needed. After each year a company must surrender enough allowances to cover all its 
emissions, otherwise heavy fines are imposed. If a company reduces its emissions, it can keep the spare 
allowances to cover its future needs or else sell them to another company that is short of allowances. 
From 1 January 2013 EU ETS is now in its third phase (2013-2020). EU rules guarantee to each member 
country a free allocation share (for existing plants, free shares will be assigned by decision of the National 
Committee; for new plants, free shares will be assigned on the basis of Law Decree No. 30/2013) and 
auctioning as the method for allocating allowances (instead of free allocation). 
On 27 February 2018, the Council formally approved the reform of the EU ETS for the period after 2020: 
phase 4 for the period 2021-2030. The revised ETS directive is a significant step towards the EU reaching its 
target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40% by 2030, as agreed under the EU's 2030 climate 
and energy framework, and fulfilling its commitments under the Paris Agreement. The reform targeted the 
increase of annual reductions in allowances to 2.2% and the reinforcement of the Market Stability Reserve as 
a dynamic tool to guarantee market resilience to shocks and consequently ensure effective price signals for 
carbon emissions. As a result, the market showed a significant increase in the prices of allowances, from less 
than 5 €/EUA in 2017 to over 30 €/EUA in 2019. 
Wholesale market 
The Power Exchange Market is a marketplace for the spot trading of electricity between producers and 
consumers under the management of the Energy Market Operator. It began operations on 1 April 2004. 
Producers can sell their electricity on the Power Exchange Market at the system marginal price defined by 
hourly auctions. Otherwise they can choose to enter into bilateral contracts and, in this case, the price is 
agreed with the other counterparty. 
One of the most important participants on the Power Exchange Market is the Single Buyer, wholly owned by 
the Electricity Services Operator, which in turn is wholly owned by the Italian government. The Single 
Buyer has the goal of ensuring a continuous, secure, efficient and competitively-priced electricity supply to 
customers remaining in the "Universal Service" scheme (consisting, since 1 July 2007, of residential 
customers and small business customers that have not chosen a supplier in the market), in order to enable 
them to reap the benefits of the electricity liberalisation process. Based on its own periodic estimates of 
future electricity demand and the MSE guidelines, the Single Buyer purchases electricity in the market on the 
most favourable terms and it sells this energy to retail companies supplying Universal Service customers.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
  
The Single Buyer is the largest wholesaler in the market, purchasing approximately 20% of total national 
demand. 
The Single Buyer purchases electricity on the Power Exchange Market and through bilateral contracts 
(including contracts for differences) with producers and imports electricity. The total payments by the Single 
Buyer to electricity producers for its purchases, plus its own operating costs, must be equal to the total 
revenues it earns from energy sales to the retail companies operating within the regulated market under the 
regulated price structure. As a consequence, the ARERA adjusts reference prices quarterly to reflect those 
actually paid by the Single Buyer. 
Other participants in the Power Exchange Market are producers, integrated operators, wholesalers and some 
large electricity users. The ARERA and the Antitrust Authority constantly monitor the Power Exchange 
Market to ensure that it achieves the intended goals: improving competition between electricity producers 
and enhancing the efficiency of the Italian electricity system. 
The market was recently enhanced through the commencement of operations of new forward markets: (i) the 
forward physical market, "MTE", which is managed by the Energy Market Operator; and (ii) the derivatives 
financial market, "IDEX", which is managed by Borsa Italiana. However, most transactions are concluded 
on OTC platforms managed by brokers, with annual trade volumes exceeding all Italian demand. 
On 29 November 2008, the Italian Parliament approved Legislative Decree No. 185/2008 (the Anti-Crisis 
Decree), which was subsequently converted into Law No. 2/2009. The provisions of the Anti-Crisis Decree 
concerning energy were implemented by a ministerial decree issued by the MSE on 29 April 2009. The new 
rules set forth a series of measures to be implemented in the period 2009-2012, involving: (i) the adoption of 
a new mechanism to set prices on the day-ahead market; and (ii) the creation of an intra-day market and the 
development of the aforementioned forward markets. In addition, the MSE decree sets forth guidelines for 
the reform of the ancillary services market (MSD) which became operative as at 1 January 2010. These 
guidelines call for: (i) the segmentation of the market according to the services provided; (ii) the utilisation 
of new calculation procedures to select offers by implementing transparency criteria; (iii) separate 
accounting for costs according to the specific services purchased; and (iv) the reduction of the price of 
electricity by promoting competition in the electricity market. In June 2016, ARERA published a first 
consultation document (298/2016/R/eel) – the consultation period for which ended on 5 September 2016 - 
regarding a future reform of the MSD, aiming at increasing the number of subjects involved in the provision 
of dispatch services. 
With resolution 300/2017/R/eel, ARERA enabled the participation in the MSD market of units and 
aggregation of units not yet allowed to be offered in that market (i.e. demand side response, renewable 
energy sources, non-relevant11 production units, storage units). Terna has proposed some pilot projects 
approved by ARERA: 
 
The UVAC project (ARERA resolution 372/2017/R/eel) dedicated to demand side response – in 
these projects Terna proposed the aggregation of consumption units with a minimum threshold of 1 
MW; 
 
The UVAP project (ARERA resolution 583/2017/R/eel) dedicated to non-relevant production units – 
aggregation of production units with a minimum threshold of 1 MW; 
 
The UPR project (ARERA resolution 383/2018/R/eel), dedicated to relevant units that currently do 
not have access to the MSD – i.e. relevant renewable generation; 
                                                   
11 Power plants <10 MVA

--- Page 152 ---
152 
  
 
The UPI project (ARERA resolution 402/2018/R/eel), that introduced the possibility, for units 
currently participating in the MSD market, of providing the Frequency containment Reserve 
("Riserva Primaria") through integrated storage units; 
 
The UVAM project (ARERA resolution 422/2018/R/eel), aggregation of both consumption and 
production units. It started in December 2018 and replaced the UVAC and UVAP projects. The 
UVAC and UVAP projects have been merged into the UVAM project and so no longer exist. 
 
The Fast Reserve project (ARERA Resolution 200/2020/R/eel), dedicated to units that can provide 
ultra-fast frequency regulation services (in particular, electrochemical energy storage systems). On 
10 December 2020, Terna held a tender for the assignment of a five-year contract to supply this 
service, dedicated to Fast Reserve Units characterised by power production size between 5 and 25 
MW. The registered supply (1’327 MW) has been greater than the demand (230 MW) and the 
capacity has been assigned at prices far below the cap (80’000 €/MW/year). 
In the last quarter of 2020, Terna has proposed two new pilot projects that are expected to be implemented in 
the course of 2022: 
 
Supply of voltage regulation through investments in inverter based plants and synchronous 
generators not already enabled to provide the service; 
 
Supply of automatic frequency restoration reserves provided by relevant renewable plants 
(programmable and not programmable) and storage units. 
In December 2018 the ARERA approved resolution 675/2018/R/eel, through which the Authority established 
for the first time in Italy the regulatory framework to supply reactive energy on a market basis, without 
producing active power. In particular, the ARERA approved the Regulation and the Contract Scheme to 
provide reactive power in the area of Brindisi, in order to ensure the stability of the transmission grid in the 
context of high penetration of non-programmable generation. On 20 February 2019 Terna held the tender for 
the assignment of a ten-year contract to supply reactive power. The A2A Group has been awarded the ten-
year contract for two synchronous condensers of 143 MVAr each. 
In summer 2019, the ARERA published the Consultation Document 322/2019/R/eel regarding the reform of 
the Italian electricity dispatching market (TIDE – Testo Integrato Dispacciamento Elettrico). The main topics 
presented in the document are: 
 
separation of commercial negotiations and physical scheduling of units (introduction of portfolio 
bidding); 
 
revision of the ancillary services market: creation of the new services, new remuneration 
mechanisms and integration of new participants (pilot projects of resolution 300/2017/R/eel will 
become an integral part of the regulatory framework); 
 
revision of the unbalancing regulation to be more cost-reflective; 
 
European integration of the Italian intraday market: introduction of continuous trading until one hour 
before the delivery period and negative bidding limits in day-ahead and intra-day markets. A specific 
remuneration for power plant switch-off costs ("gettone di spegnimento") is foreseen in the 
document; 
 
revision of the methodology to calculate the remuneration of power plant start costs ("gettone di 
accensione") and change of configuration ("gettone di cambio assetto"); 
 
revision of the role of Distribution System Operator towards a local dispatching task.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
  
After this first consultation, others will follow and the overall reform is expected to be implemented by the 
end of 2023. 
With reference to the European integration of the Italian intraday and balancing markets: 
 
since 13 January 2021, Italy is participating in the Platform for the exchange of the Replacement 
Reserve (TERRE Project); 
 
from September 2021, the Italian intraday market is expected to be integrated in the European Single 
Intraday Coupling (XBID project). As a consequence of this integration, negative prices will be 
introduced in the national day ahead market (MGP) and intraday market (MI). 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Imports 
The volume of electricity that can be imported into Italy is limited by the capacity of transmission lines that 
connect the Italian network with those of other countries and by concerns relating to the safety of the system 
(currently, a maximum import capacity of approximately 8,400 MW is available to import energy safely). 
The planned construction of new interconnections in the near future will permit the import of more energy at 
a competitive price. 
The rules for the assignment of interconnection capacity have been the same since 2007. Following 
agreement between Terna and neighbouring transmission system operators (TSOs) interconnection capacity 
rights for each border are jointly allocated by explicit auction (on a yearly, monthly and daily basis).The 
proceeds of the auctions (which are shared evenly between the TSOs involved) attributable to Terna are 
passed on to customers on a pro-rata basis by reducing the dispatching charges. On 20 December 2012, the 
MSE issued a decree providing for criteria and conditions applying to electricity imports during 2013 (the 
Import Decree). On 19 December 2013, the MSE issued a new Decree with the rules to be applied in 2014 
and providing for the allocation of import capacity through a bidding system and introducing a "market 
coupling" mechanism (implicit allocation of capacity) for the daily import capacity allocation. 
Commission Regulation (EU) 1222/2015 – Guideline on Capacity Allocation and Congestion Management 
(CACM) – defines the details of the calculation of cross-border capacity that market operators can use, 
keeping the system safe. Furthermore, CACM harmonizes the operation of cross-border day-ahead and intra-
day markets. For further information about this topic, see the previous chapter “Wholesale markets”. 
Transmission 
The term "transmission" refers to the transport of electricity on high and very high voltage interconnected 
networks from the plants where it is generated or, in the case of imported energy, from the points of 
acquisition, to distribution systems. The national electricity transmission grid — as defined pursuant to 
Ministerial Decree of 25 June 1999 and subsequent amendments — which includes very-high voltage 
(380/220 kV) and high-voltage (G = 150 kV) lines, after the acquisition — and the subsequent 
reclassification from HV networks to national electricity transmission networks of the grid owned by FS – 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. is almost entirely owned, and completely operated, by Terna. 
Distribution 
The Bersani Decree provides that distribution services are to be performed on the basis of concessions issued 
by the former Ministry of Industry (now the MSE). The current distribution companies will continue to 
perform that service on the basis of concessions issued by the Ministry of Industry in 2001, expiring on 31 
December 2030.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
  
The distribution companies are required to connect to their networks to all parties who so request, without 
compromising the continuity of the service and in compliance with the applicable technical regulations and 
provisions. Moreover, the ARERA set a strict regulation concerning functional unbundling in order to 
guarantee the independence between the separated activities. 
Tariff Structure 
Pursuant to Law No. 481/95, the ARERA is in charge of establishing the tariff regime, in order to guarantee 
the following objectives: certainty, transparency, consumer protection, and harmonisation between economic 
and general social objectives. The tariff regulation is based on "regulatory periods" characterized by fixed 
duration and stable tariff rules. On 1 January 2016 the sector entered a fifth regulatory period: the duration 
was set at eight years (2016-2023), compared with four years in the previous period, with an interim review 
every three years concerning some tariff parameters - e.g. inflation, productivity target (X-factor), as well as 
beta asset, risk measure included in the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC). 
While in the past the "cost-plus" method was adopted by the Regulator, since the third regulatory period it 
has been replaced by a mixed tariff methodology that makes use of the "price-cap" principle implemented 
with profit sharing arrangements to establish and update the operating costs reflected in the tariff, and the 
"Revalued Historic Cost" method to estimate the value of the assets to be depreciated and remunerated. The 
price-cap mechanism sets a limit on annual increases of the tariff share related to operating expenses (Opex) 
corresponding to the difference between the inflation rate and the predefined cost reduction rate (the X-
Factor), and the efficiency gains are shared between companies and consumers; the Revalued Historic Cost 
is based on the effective capital expenditure sustained by a company, considering the inflation effects. 
Regarding the fifth regulatory period, currently underway, ARERA has approved at the end of December 
2019 (Resolution 568/2019/R/eel) the regulatory scheme for the second sub-period (2020–23), in line with 
the previous concerning the tariff methodology12. The rate of return on invested capital (WACC) - calculated 
and periodically reviewed according to the methodology defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/Com, was 
confirmed equal to 5.9% for 2020-21 as a result of the Authority decision to maintain unchanged beta asset 
parameter (0.39). The productivity target (X-factor), used for the operative costs annual review and 
differentiated by activity (1.3% distribution and 0.7% metering), has been basically defined due to 
redistribute to customers within 2023 the efficiency gained in the preceding regulatory periods - temporarily 
retained by distributors, under a symmetrical (50%:50%) profit-sharing. Moreover, a gradual moving from 
building block approach (Capex and Opex treated separately) to TOTEX regime (based on the total 
expenditure combined with output-based incentive schemes) has been postponed and referred to following 
consultation process. 
While the previous rules envisaged incentives, using differentiated WACCs (between +1.5% and +2%) and 
for a minimum of eight years, for specific types of investments in the distribution network, such as those 
relating to the construction of new transformer stations, investments in replacing existing transformers and 
smart grids, starting from 2016 incentives are granted on an output-based mechanism. In particular, the 
quality regulation – updated for the second sub-period (2020-23) by Resolution 566/2019/R/eel, defines an 
output-based incentive mechanism providing for rewards/penalties according to over-/underperformance in 
the continuity and reliability service (related to the duration and frequency of outages). This framework is 
                                                   
12 According to tariff regulation (Resolution 568/2019/R/eel): 
• the regulatory scheme for the second sub-period (2020–23), which in line with the previous one, applies a hybrid approach combining price-cap 
(applied to Opex) and cost-of-service regulation (applied to Capex). 2020 allowed Opex is based on 2018 actual Opex, as reported in Annual 
Unbundling Balance. The productivity target (X-factor), used for the Opex annual review and differentiated by activity (1.3% distribution and 
0.7% metering), is basically defined due to redistribute to customers within 2023 the efficiency gained in the preceding regulatory periods - 
temporarily retained by distributors, under a symmetrical (50%:50%) profit-sharing; 
• the rate of return on invested capital (WACC) - calculated and periodically reviewed according to the methodology defined in Deliberation 583/2 
015/R/Com, was confirmed equal to 5.9% for 2020-21 as a result of the Authority decision to maintain unchanged beta asset parameter (0.39); 
• facilitated tariffs for electric vehicles public charging (so-called BTVE) have been extended until December 2023, included increasing power 
exploitable during the night (up to 6 KW); 
• the Authority has also applied an experimental regulation in order to incentive investments for the reconstruction of old electric connections.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
  
aimed at supporting specific and strategic investments, in order to improve adequacy, resilience and security 
of the electricity distribution network such as quality of supply, reducing the gap in the service level between 
the different areas of Italy. In view of this, the Authority has adopted specific regulation tools, (e.g. "special" 
regulation and "experimental" regulation) allowing voluntary participation by distributors. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Italian Natural Gas Regulation 
Decree No. 164/2000 (the so-called Letta Decree), implementing Directive 98/30/EC (the First Gas 
Directive), has gradually liberalized the Italian natural gas market and increased competition. The Letta 
Decree provided inter alia that, from 1 January 2003, all end customers be able to freely select their natural 
gas supplier. 
The liberalisation process was further reinforced by Directive 2003/55/EC and, then, by Directive 
2009/73/EC, which was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 93/11 (the Third Package Decree). 
The protection schemes will also end in the natural gas market starting from 1 January 2022 pursuant to the 
same Competition Law no. 124/2017 mentioned before, with the consequence that the prices applied to all 
customers will be freely defined by the companies by that date. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Import 
The Third Package Decree provides that import from the EU and non-EU countries on the basis of long-term 
agreements via pipeline or LNG terminal is subject to an authorisation by the MSE approving the relevant 
natural gas supply agreement, whilst import pursuant to short-term agreements (up to one year) may be 
carried out upon a simple communication to be submitted to the MSE prior to execution of the relevant 
natural gas supply agreement. To the extent this authorisation is not denied on the basis of objective and non-
discriminatory criteria, it is deemed to be granted on expiry of the three-month period following the 
application date. 
Transport 
Article 2(1) sub-paragraph (ii) of the Letta Decree, as amended by the 93/2011 Decree, defines transport 
activity as "natural gas transport aimed at supplying customers through a network which consists mainly of 
high-pressure pipelines, other than a network of upstream pipelines and other than gas pipelines which, even 
at high pressure, are mainly used for the local distribution of natural gas, with the exception of the supply". 
In compliance with the provisions set forth under Article 24 of the Letta Decree, the network code (codice di 
rete) concerning transport activity was drafted and approved by ARERA by Resolution No. 75/03. 
According to the Third Package Decree, natural gas transport and dispatch are activities of public interest. 
Companies involved in these activities must guarantee access on a non-discriminatory basis, to any 
requesting user, according to the conditions and tariffs established by the ARERA, and in accordance with 
the owner's network code,13 provided that the connection works that are to enable such access are technically 
                                                   
13 The network code is a general contractual instrument regulating the mutual rights and obligations of pipeline facilities operators and users. Each 
network owner/operator is required to adopt its own network code on the basis of a standard form approved by the AEEGSI.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
  
and economically feasible. Companies that carry out transport and dispatch activities oversee the flow of gas 
and the auxiliary services needed for the system to function, including modulation. These companies are also 
responsible for the strategic storage of gas under MSE directives, and must ensure compliance with any other 
obligations aimed at guaranteeing the safety, reliability, efficiency and lowest cost of the service and of 
supplies. 
From 1 January 2002, only operators not exercising activities in the gas production process other than 
storage activities may transport and dispatch gas. All such activities must always be accounted for separately. 
The Third Package Decree strengthens the rules regarding unbundling of the different activities of the gas 
sector. It provides that operators owning transport networks must be certified to ensure their independence 
from companies dealing with production, import or supply of natural gas (the Independent Transmission 
Operator model, which allows the vertically integrated operator to keep the ownership of the transmission 
network, was initially selected for ENI, the Italian incumbent). 
Subsequently, Decree No. 1 of 24 January 2012 (so-called "Cresci Italia") imposed on the Italian incumbent 
the adoption of the ownership unbundling model according to operational conditions set out by the 
Presidential Decree of 25 May 2012, thus causing the sale of the transport network previously owned by 
ENI. 
The Third Package Decree also encourages investments in network developments (international pipelines, 
LNG terminals and storage), by exempting operators from third-party access duties, in relation to part of the 
total capacity and for a period established on a case-by-case basis and in any event no longer than 25 years. 
With Regulation (UE) 2017/460 of 16 March 2017, the Commission established a network code on the 
harmonized transmission tariff structure for gas – the so-called "TAR Code" (Codice TAR). It applies to all 
points on the transmission network except for some rules that by default apply only to interconnection 
points; these rules may apply to entry and exit points from/to third countries. This code provides 
methodologies to calculate tariffs that are non-discriminatory, transparent, facilitate efficient gas trade and 
competition, reflect the costs incurred, avoid cross-subsidies for network users and provide incentives for 
investment. 
Through Resolution 114/2019/R/GAS, ARERA established the criteria (compliant with the TAR code 
guidelines) for calculating the natural gas transmission and dispatching tariffs for the fifth regulatory period 
2020 - 2023 (5PRT). The tariff valid for determining the operator's allowed incomes is calculated in order to 
grant the financial remuneration of capital (as referred to t-1 year), to cover the depreciation charges, and to 
recognise operating costs determined on the basis of the actual costs of the operator in a base-year (2018) 
and updated through the price-cap method, with an operator-specific X-Factor. The tariffs applied to shippers 
are differentiated in entry and exit charges, based on the conferred capacity, and volumetric charge. There 
are also additional, volumetric charges aimed to cover general system charges. The differences are covered 
by several compensation mechanisms (among operators and between operator and CSEA). 
In accordance with the EU TAR Code and after a period of consultation of interested parties, the ARERA 
published the tariff regulatory criteria for the natural gas transmission and metering service for the fifth 
regulatory period (2020-2023) – Resolution 114/2019/R/gas. Starting from 1 October 2022 (beginning of the 
thermal year 2022-2023) a transportation capacity booking reform at the Exit Points and Redelivery Points 
interconnected with the distribution network will enter into force. It establishes that the transportation 
capacity at each city-gate will be automatically assigned to each shipper from the Italian TSO, Snam Rete 
Gas. The reform was originally expected to be implemented in 2019 and then postponed in order to gather 
additional information necessary to complete the overall design. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
  
Storage 
Players intending to use depleted fields or other geological formations as natural gas storage facilities must 
obtain a concession granted by the MSE pursuant to objective and non-discriminatory procedures and 
criteria. These concessions are granted for a maximum of 20 years. Natural gas storage services include: (i) 
strategic storage, aimed at coping with supply shortages or stoppages, or gas system crises; (ii) mining 
storage), aimed at ensuring that exploitation of natural gas fields in the Italian territory is carried out in an 
optimal manner, to the extent such storage activity is necessary for technical or economic reasons; and (iii) 
flat modulation storage and peak modulation storage, aimed at supporting modulation of daily, seasonal and 
peak natural gas consumption. Every year, before the beginning of the storage year (from 1 April to 31 
March of the following year), MiSE publishes a Decree indicating the methods of storage auctions and the 
quantities to be allocated. 
Holders of storage licenses are obliged to supply strategic, mining and modulation storage services to third-
party users which so require, on the terms, conditions and tariffs established by the ARERA and in 
accordance with their storage code. The storage code is a general contractual instrument regulating the 
mutual rights and obligations of storage facilities operators and users. Each storage owner/operator: 
 is required to adopt its own storage code on the basis of a standard form approved by the ARERA; 
 can propose changes to the auction procedure and the offered products; each revision is publicly 
consulted and approved by ARERA. 
The uniform regulation of quality standards and storage services tariffs applying from 2011 through 2014 is 
contained in ARERA Resolution No. 119/10. 
From 2015 to 2018 (fourth regulatory period) tariffs were determined as defined by Resolution 
531/2014/R/gas, then extended to 2019 (Resolution 68/2018/R/gas). With Resolution 419/2019/R/gas, 
ARERA approved the tariff regulation and quality criteria of storage service for the fifth regulatory period 
(2020-2025). 
According to the Third Package Decree, the storage and the transport activities in a vertically integrated 
company must be managed on the basis of transparent, non-discriminatory criteria. The Third Package 
Decree also provides for incentives for investments in new natural gas infrastructure (interconnector 
pipelines, LNG terminals and storage sites) by exempting the investing entity from the obligation to provide 
third-party access for a period up to 25 years (exemptions may be granted on a case-by-case basis by the 
MSE in consultation with the ARERA). 
Legislative Decree no. 130/2010 encourages the construction of new storage fields. It provides that operators 
holding a market share above 55% wholesale should start gas release procedures or, otherwise, should 
develop further storage capacity equal to 4 billion Smc. Players such as industrial and thermoelectric 
customers are allowed to access this capacity by investing in the relevant infrastructure. In addition, Article 5 
of the Legislative Decree no. 130/2010 introduces provisions on the "competitiveness of the natural gas 
market" and Article 6 establishes the procedures by which end customers or consortia may participate in 
developing new storage capacity. 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 1/2012 (so-called "Liberalisation Decree"), as modified by Law Decree No. 
83/2012 (so-called "Development Decree"), in February 2013 the MSE issued two decrees that thoroughly 
modified the storage allocation criteria, by introducing auction procedures and supporting large customers in 
the assignment of the storage fields. 
With Resolution 67/2019/R/gas, ARERA approved the regulatory criteria for access to gas storage services. 
Each year, with a specific Resolution ARERA defines the methodology to calculate the reserve price of the 
storage auctions.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 76/2020 (so-called “Decreto Semplificazioni”), converted into Law 120/2020,  
from 2021 final customers are bearing the costs related to the strategic storage; this cost was previously 
borne by gas producers and importers. With Resolution 396/2020/R/gas, ARERA introduced an additional 
component to the transport tariff to cover the cost of strategic storage (CRVCS), applied by Snam Rete Gas to 
redelivery points interconnected with the distribution network. 
Distribution 
Distribution is defined as the transport of natural gas through a network of local pipelines for delivery to end-
customers. Gas distribution companies dispatch the natural gas through their own networks and connect any 
customer who so requests to the extent technically and economically feasible, according to rules determined 
by the ARERA. Licensees of distribution networks are obliged to grant access to any third party that so 
requests on the basis of tariffs set by the ARERA and in compliance with the network code approved by the 
ARERA itself. Moreover, the Authority implemented a strict regulation concerning functional unbundling in 
order to guarantee the independence between the separated activities of the natural gas sector. 
Over the years, the gas distribution regulation has been extensively reformed. The Letta Decree (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) established that natural gas distribution activities can be exercised 
only by operators to which a gas distribution concession for a period not exceeding 12 years has been 
granted pursuant to a competitive bid. 
The Letta Decree also provided that distribution concessions which were in place as at 21 June 2000, 
awarded without a public tender, are to be terminated at the end of the so-called "transitory period", the 
duration of which depends on the specific award conditions and the characteristics of the single concessions 
in each case. Pursuant to the Letta Decree and Legislative Decree No. 159/2007, the MSE and the Minister 
for Relations with the Regions and Local Governments, must establish (i) criteria for the tender and 
evaluation of bids for gas distribution concessions, and (ii) the minimum geographical reference areas for the 
tenders. 
A first decree, setting out the identification of the 177 territorial areas into which Italy has been divided was 
published on 19 January 2011 and was followed by a second decree, defining the composition of the 
municipality included in the so-called Minimal Territorial Areas (ATEMs), published on 28 October 2011. 
On 12 November 2011, the MSE adopted Ministerial Decree No. 226/2011, regulating the new tender 
procedure for the awarding of the distribution concessions within each ATEM and setting out standards for 
the calculation of the reimbursement value to be granted to the outgoing service provider, as well as for 
drawing up the call for bids and their evaluation. In particular, the aforementioned decree provides, inter 
alia, that the new licensee acquires availability of the infrastructure only after payment of the reimbursement 
value to the outgoing provider and the takeover of the outstanding financial obligations. On parallel, in order 
to enhance the protection of workers involved in natural gas distribution activities, the MSE, in conjunction 
with the Ministry of Work and Social Politics, issued on 21 April 2011 a decree containing the so-called 
"welfare clause". 
Law Decree No. 69/2013, converted into Law No. 98/2013 (the so-called "Decreto del Fare"), set the 
timetable for identifying the contracting authority and for the issuance of the tender notice. Afterwards, the 
"Destinazione Italia" Decree (Law Decree no. 145/2013) detailed the ARERA's role in tender procedures, 
and determined that the amount of compensation due to outgoing operators is to be reduced by private 
contributions. MSE Decree of 22 May 2014, transposing the "Destinazione Italia" Decree's provisions, set 
out the guidelines for calculating the amount of compensation due to outgoing operators, and further deferred 
the timescales for tender procedures. 
The timescales were finally set, by the Law Decree no. 91 of 2014 (Decreto Competitività, converted into 
Law no. 116/2014 and amended by Law Decree no. 210/2015, known as Milleproroghe), that also provided 
that the amount of compensation due in respect of the period after 11 February 2012 is to be determined on 
the basis of the above mentioned guidelines.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
  
Ministerial Decree 11 January, 2017 on "Determination of national quantitative energy savings targets to be 
pursued by electricity and gas distribution companies for the years from 2017 to 2020 and for the approval 
of the new Guidelines for the preparation, execution and evaluation of energy efficiency projects" - as 
amended by Ministerial Decree 10 May 201814 - also partially resolved the uncertainty on the coverage, in 
terms of tariff contribution, of the certificates generated by the energy efficiency projects proposed during 
the tender. In particular, the Decree provided that any certificates issued with respect to these projects and 
cancelled by GSE in the reference year will also reduce, by the same amount, the overall savings obligations 
of the following year. However, there are some remaining uncertainties, including the territorial constraint of 
the interventions offered as part of the tender. 
The latest major change in the framework was the Annual Law for Competition (Law 124/2017) that 
introduced, under certain conditions, some simplifications in the evaluation processes of the (i) VIR-RAB 
difference and (ii) tender notice performed by the Regulatory Authority (ARERA). The ARERA defined the 
applicable criteria and procedures for these activities according to these provisions. 
Currently, in addition to Torino 1 and 2,Valle d’Aosta and Belluno ATEMs15, the unique tender in 
Lombardy, for which the assessment procedures have been definitively concluded, is related to Milan 1 - 
City and Plant of Milan ATEM (Milan city area and six neighbouring councils). On 5 September 2018 A2A, 
through the subsidiary company Unareti S.p.A, announced the official award of this tender with an overall 
score of 98.12 points out of 100. For further information related to the award of the tender, see the section 
“Legal proceedings”. 
For further information, see the sections headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" and "Risks and uncertainties" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Distribution Tariff Structure 
The gas distribution tariff is set by the ARERA and is updated on a six-year basis. 
With Resolution 570/2019/R/gas the Regulatory Authority defined the fifth regulatory framework applicable 
in the 2020-2025 period (with an intra-period update in 2023) for determining the distribution and metering 
tariffs for municipal and over-municipal areas. For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of 
the regulation and impacts on the Business Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 30 
December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference", above). 
Municipal/supra-municipal awards and ATEM awards: common rules 
The ARERA confirmed the tariff decoupling system between the tariff valid for determining the operator's 
allowed incomes and the obligatory tariff actually applied to customers, unique for macro-areas. Any 
difference between them will be refunded by a compensation system. The tariff valid for determining the 
operator's allowed incomes is calculated in order to grant the financial remuneration of capital (as referred to 
t-1 year), to cover the depreciation charges, and to recognize operating costs determined parametrically 
(unique for metering activity, differentiated according to operator's size and served users ‘density for 
distribution activity) and updated through the price-cap method. The WACC for distribution and metering 
activities has been unified (6.3% for both distribution and metering, while in 2019 is equal to 6.3% 
distribution and 6.8% metering) as a consequence of the alignment of the beta for gas metering at 0.439, 
down from the current 0.502; the next update of the WACC, concerning the parameters common to the 
infrastructure services (e.g. risk free rate, inflation, etc.) will take place by December 2021, entering in effect 
                                                   
14 The cap on the contribution tariff, 250 €/WCs, was declared unconstitutional by judgment no. 2538/2019 of the Regional Administrative Court 
(TAR). Consequently, the ARERA has started a reform process (see Resolution 529/2019/R/efr) to re-determine the contribution tariff granted to 
distributors. 
15 The management of the natural gas distribution service in these ATEMs has been assigned to Italgas by the respective Contracting Authority

--- Page 160 ---
160 
  
from January 1, 2022 whereas the beta asset parameter will be reviewed at the beginning of the next tariff 
regulatory period (2026). 
Investment incentives will be possibly granted subject to quality regulatory rules. In detail, the ARERA, with 
the Resolution 569/2019/R/gas, has defined gas quality regulation for the period 2020-25. The framework is 
substantially in line with the previous period for technical and commercial quality rules in terms of: (i) 
service obligations regarding emergency intervention, recurring inspections of network and gas leaks; (ii) 
incentive mechanism in order to improve network safety, service continuity and system efficiency; (iii) 
automatic compensation for customers in case of non-compliance with specific service standards; and (iv) 
performance monitoring for the metering service, with penalties in case of failure to meet service 
requirements. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Municipal and supra-municipal awards: specific rules 
Invested capital is determined according to the revalued historical cost, while depreciation charges are 
calculated considering the same regulatory useful life of assets applied during the previous regulatory period. 
The values of both invested capital and depreciation charges depend on how the operator considered 
contributions at 31 December 2011. In particular, concerning the so-called "frozen contributions" (equal to 
20% of existing subsidies at 31 December 2011), new rules for including part of the private/public 
contributions received by the operators in the tariffs and admitted revenues were established in the fifth 
regulatory period. The X-Factor to be applied in the 2020-2025 period was increased respect to the previous 
values (i. distribution, from 1.7% to 3.53% for big companies with more than 300,000 PDR served16; ii. 
metering, confirmed at 0%; and iii. commercialisation, from 0% to 1.57% for all companies). However, an 
update of the productivity parameter will be evaluated by ARERA in the interim review of the period. For 
further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business Units of 
the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
ATEM awards: specific rules 
Under ATEM-based concessions, the gas distributor's allowed revenues will be calculated applying specific 
regulatory rules defined by the Italian NRA. In particular, the invested capital will be determined depending 
on whether the operator is reconfirmed or not: if so, the value will be determined considering the net assets 
of the areas recognized by ARERA. In the event of takeover by a new operator, the invested capital will be 
equal to the refund value due to the out-going operator (VIR). The depreciation charge is calculated applying 
longer regulatory useful lives comparted to the Municipal regime. Finally, the allowed operating costs are 
determined with reference to the size of the company and the density of its customer base, and will be 
updated considering a X-Factor equal to 0% for the first 3-year period (for the following three years, the X-
Factor will be that applicable to large operators with reference to the municipal and supra-municipal awards). 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Reports on Operations as at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
                                                   
16From 2.5% to 4.79% for medium companies (more than 50,000 and up to 300,000 PDR served) and from 2.5% to 6.59% for small companies (up to 
50,000 PDR served).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
  
Sale 
As at 1 January 2003, companies that intend to sell natural gas to final customers must obtain a concession 
from the Ministry of Productive Activities. Authorisation can only be denied on objective, non-
discriminatory grounds. 
From 1 January 2002, only companies that are not engaged in any other activity in the natural gas sector, 
other than as importers, drillers or wholesalers, are entitled to sell gas. 
Law 99/2009 introduces "Last-Resort Service" provisions applying to household customers. In this regard, 
the "Single Buyer" (a company indirectly owned by the State) is in charge by operation of law of identifying 
last-resort suppliers for household customers and small enterprises. 
Moreover, Law No. 99/2009 provides for the establishment of a market exchange for the supply and sale of 
natural gas. Accordingly, the Decree issued by the MSE on 18 March 2010 established the trading platform 
for the import gas exchange (P-Gas), managed by the Energy Market Operator (GME) in compliance with 
the principles of transparency, competition and non-discrimination. 
Afterwards, in October 2010 an actual gas exchange was put into operation, with the GME playing a role of 
central counterparty (M-Gas platform, structured in day ahead market (MGP-Gas) and in intraday market 
(MI-Gas)). 
In December 2011 the gas balancing market on the PB-Gas platform, managed by GME and with Snam Rete 
Gas playing a role of central counterparty, has been put into operation. The balancing market introduced an 
ex-post gas exchange session aimed at the balancing of the whole gas system and, accordingly, the respective 
positions of the market participants. A new session held the day before (G-1) was introduced in January 2013 
aimed at introducing flexibility resources in addition to storage (entry-points, linepack, GNL, further storage 
capacity). 
Lastly, in September 2013 negotiations started in the MT-Gas platform, the futures market managed by 
GME. In order to increase the MT market liquidity, the Law Decree no. 145/2013 ("Destinazione Italia") 
forced operators importing more than 10% of total to offer 5% of volumes imported on such a market, and to 
buy an equal amount. 
Natural Gas Balancing Market 
Natural gas balancing activity is "aimed at providing for the coordinated use and operation of the production, 
storage, transport and distribution networks and ancillary services". Balancing is therefore functional to 
maintain the balance over time of gas injections and withdrawals, an essential condition for network 
operation. Since 2011 and also in implementation of the provisions of the Third Package, the Authority has 
gone from a system in which gas balancing was "administered" to a "market" system where this activity is 
not only "internal" for the network operator but is also a service rendered to the users of the network which, 
together with transport, distribution, storage and re-gasification services, allows them to fulfil the contractual 
obligations to supply gas to its customers (end users or wholesalers), at the time and for the quantities 
required. In particular, the balancing service entails the involvement of transport users that have the specific 
responsibility to ensure, for each relevant period (gas day), the balancing of gas injections and withdrawals 
within the network. 
With Regulation (EU) 314/2014 of 26th March 2014 the Commission established a network code on gas 
balancing of transmission networks – Balancing Network Code – which applies to balancing zones within 
the borders of the European Union. It sets gas balancing rules, including network-related rules on nomination 
procedures, imbalance charges, settlement processes associated with daily imbalance charges and provisions 
on operational balancing.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
  
From 30 September, 2016 and until 31 March 2017 the "transitional structure" of the gas balancing system 
was in force as per Resolution 312/2016/R/gas (TIB - Integrated Balancing Text - then amended by 
Resolution 349/2017/R/gas and 661/2014/R/gas), as implemented in the Natural Gas Market Discipline 
(MGAS Discipline) prepared by GME and approved by the Ministry for Economic Development with 
Ministerial Decree dated 16 November 2016. During this transitional phase, the markets for trading of 
locational products (MPL) and storage gas (MGS) were organized within the regulatory framework of the 
Natural Gas Balancing Platform (PB-GAS). With Resolution 66/2017/R/gas, the Authority approved the 
Integrated Text relating to the provisions on regulatory conditions for the management of the physical gas 
markets ("TICORG") and approved the functional provisions to the implementation of the "fully operational 
phase" of the new gas balancing system contained in the TIB. In particular, this resolution determined: 
 
the operational termination of the PB-GAS with the execution of transactions concluded in the 
market sessions relating to the gas day 31 March 2017; 
 
the termination of the agreement between GME and Snam Rete Gas (SRG), pursuant to Resolution 
ARG/gas 45/11; 
 
the application of the virtual trading point registration rules also to transactions concluded on the 
MPL, which also became a part of the MGAS; 
 
the stipulation of special agreements with storage companies in relation to the management of the 
information flows necessary for the operation of the MGS in which it is envisaged that: (i) the 
exchange of data and information between GME and STOGIT, which is used for the management of 
the SYM, continues to be carried out through SRG and (ii) participation in the MGS is limited only 
to major storage companies. 
With resolutions 72/2018/R/gas and 148/2019/R/gas, the ARERA approved the new regulatory criteria for 
gas settlement ("TISG – Testo Integrato Settlement Gas"), for the economic and physical allocation of gas to 
shippers, distribution users, sales companies, customers and the TSO. The new rules recognize the role of 
Snam Rete GAS as supplier of the gas necessary to operate the system. Since the beginning of 2020, Snam 
Rete Gas has supplied the gas necessary to operate the system through a new segment of the MP-GAS called 
"AGS". 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Tariff Structure 
ARERA Resolution No. ARG/gas 64/09, as subsequently amended, defined the methodology for calculating 
the economic conditions of supply applicable to domestic customers (the "Protection Scheme" for those who 
do not opt to resort to the free natural gas market). 
Furthermore, Art. 13 of Legislative Decree No. 1/2012 sets forth the progressive introduction of references 
to the price of natural gas recorded in the European Markets for process of updating the economic conditions 
of supply. 
In this sense, with effect from 1 October 2013 the method for calculating the economic conditions of supply 
to small customers were thoroughly reformed by Resolution No. 196/2013/R/gas, which introduced specific 
spot market references and revised the entire tariff structure, leading to an overall reduction of the prices 
borne by end-users.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
  
Heat and Services 
District heating activities have not yet been subject to systematic regulations in Italy. District heating supply 
agreements with end users were subject to the general provisions of the Italian Civil Code and contracts with 
the municipalities were in different forms and govern various activities: some local authorities bound 
operators to construct production plants and distribution networks as well as to sell the service to other 
customers that allow such activities to be carried out without imposing any constraints or engage in any 
control activity; the regional standards were also different. Each company determined prices for district 
heating at its discretion, without being subject to any specific regulatory requirements regarding the 
determination of the tariffs or the methods of their calculation. Most companies, however, fixed tariffs with 
reference to the cost of natural gas for similar usage. 
This solution has maintained equivalent costs for the two categories of energy providers (gas and district 
heating) and as a result the customers receive equal treatment. 
In March 2014, the Antitrust Authority published the results of the District Heating Survey, highlighting a 
competitive structure, while nevertheless advocating a regulatory framework for the sector. 
On 4 July 2014, Legislative Decree no. 102, implementing the EU Directive 2012/27/UE, concerning energy 
efficiency, provided that the ARERA should set: 
 
quality, continuity and safety standards; 
 
connection and disconnection procedures and tariffs; 
 
means of communication of pricing and service conditions; and 
 
pricing, in the event of compulsory connection. 
In 2016 and 2017 the ARERA started monitoring the sector through the operators’ census and specific data 
collections. In addition, operators were consulted on commercial quality measures, accounting unbundling, 
and price transparency. With Resolution no. 24/2018, the ARERA defined the criteria for determining 
connection fees and disconnection procedures. 
At the end of 2018 and in 2019, the ARERA set technical and commercial quality standards, respectively 
adopting the following Resolutions: 
 
Resolution 661/2018/R/tlr defined the regulation of the commercial quality of district heating 
services (RQCT) for the period 1 July 2019 – 31 December 2021. The services subject to 
commercial quality include quotes, execution of works, activations, complaint handling, as well as 
prompt intervention; 
 
Resolution 313/2019/R/tlr approved the Integrated Text on the minimum transparency obligations of 
district heating and cooling services (TITT) for the period 1 January 2020 – 31 December 2023. The 
criteria are applied to supply contracts, service delivery prices, billing documents, quality 
information and environmental performance; 
 
Resolution 548/2019/R/tlr established the guidelines for the technical quality of district heating 
services (RQTT) for the period 1 July 2020 – 31 December 2023 with reference to security and 
continuity of service. The provisions are designed to improve the performance of the sector and set 
equal minimum standards at national level. 
 
Resolution 478/2020/R/tlr established the guidelines for the measure for the period 1 January 2022 – 
31 December 2024.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
  
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Reports on Operations as at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
 
Water services regulation 
The previous scenario was governed by Law No. 36/1994 (the Galli Law), which thoroughly reformed the 
entire industry. Its main distinctive features can be summarized as follows: 
 
the Law clearly defined each service included in the Integrated Water Service (SII): water for non-
industrial purposes intake, transport and distribution carried out together with drainage and sewage 
disposal; 
 
Italian regions had to identify the Integrated Water Districts (Ambiti Territoriali Ottimali – ATO), in 
order to manage the SII efficiently. For each ATO, a water district authority (Autorità di ambito 
territoriale ottimale – AATO) was in charge of Integrated Water Service strategic planning, operator 
identification, supervision and tariff calculation; and 
 
establishment of an integrated tariff system for both fresh water and waste water services applied to 
all customers within each District. Pursuant to article 13 of Law No. 36/94, the Ministry of the 
Environment issued the Decree of 1 August 1996 defining the "normalized method" to be applied by 
each district authority in order to calculate the tariff in each district. 
The water regulation was then partly modified by Legislative Decree No. 152 of 3 April 2006 (the 
Environmental Code) that implemented Law No. 36/1994, better specified the duties and characteristics of 
district authorities and, in addition, defined criteria for service assignment to in-house companies (i.e. a 
company completely owned by local authorities). It must also be noted that, from August 2011, according to 
the rules set forth by Legislative Decree No. 121/2011, some crimes concerning water discharge disposal 
were added to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 (the Decree 231) on the administrative responsibility of 
entities. 
Legislative Decree No. 4 of 16 January 2008 then further modified the scenario, providing that water 
services in the same district could be assigned to different operators, while Law No. 42/2010 eliminated the 
existing district authorities and put the Regions in charge of the redistribution of their powers. The current 
deadline for undertaking these actions is 31 December 2012.17 Regions have modified their own regulations 
in order to implement these rules. 
Finally, Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 established the Italian Agency for Water Services Regulation and 
Supervision, in charge of quality standards and tariffs, with effect from 1 January 2012. 
In 2011 the regulatory framework for water services underwent significant change: 
 
Referendum held on 12-13 June 2011: 
 
According to Question No. 1, Article 23-bis of the Law No. 133/11, concerning local public 
services regulations, was repealed. It defined the criteria for local services assignment and 
management of public local services, including water services (whereas the recent Law No. 
148/2011 does not include water services); 
                                                   
17 The Region of Lombardy, by means of regional law No. 26/2003 ,as modified by regional law no. 21/2010, transferred the functions of the district 
authority to the province; within the Municipality of Milano, the district authority’s functions have been transferred to the Municipality.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
  
 
According to Question No. 2, Article 154, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree No. 152 of 3 
April 2006 (the Environmental Code implementing the Galli Law) was modified in order to 
exclude asset remuneration from tariff calculation; 
 
Decree No. 201 of 6 December (as converted into Law No. 214/11): Article 21, paragraphs 13 and 
14, abolished the Italian Agency for Water Services Regulation and Supervision, and transferred its 
powers (to be implemented through a Prime Minister Decree) to the Regulatory Authority for 
Electricity and Gas and the Ministry for the Environment. 
Due to the mentioned events, and pursuant to the Law No. 42 of 26 March 2010, the service assignment 
duties fall to institutions to be identified by the regions, while industry design and evaluation criteria will be 
required to be compliant with the Italian Legislation which is still applicable and with European law. In the 
future, legislators may clarify and consistently reorganize the subject. Article 21 of Law Decree No. 
201/2011 (converted in Law No. 214/2011) transferred the functions concerning the regulation and 
supervision of water services to the ARERA18 and to the Ministry of Environment and Protection of Land 
and Sea (MATTM). 
The Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers (D.P.C.M) dated 20 July 2012 identifies the 
functions that ARERA is carry out in detail. 
The powers of the ARERA and MATTM regard, in particular, tariff matters. 
As for tariff issues, according to Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 and to the aforementioned referendum 
results, with Resolution 585/2012/R/idr the ARERA approved the temporary tariff method (MTT) for the 
2012-2013 period. The MTT is based on ex-post regulatory criteria (accounting data of the year n-2) and on 
the full cost recovery principle. With Resolution 643/2013/R/idr the ARERA then defined the water tariff 
method (MTI) for the 2014-2015 period, and set rules concerning procedures and timing for approving the 
2012 and 2013 tariffs, whereas the district authorities failed to issue specific approval. With Resolution 
664/2015/R/idr, the ARERA defined the integrated urban water management tariff method (MTI-2) for the 
2016-2019 period with an asymmetrical and innovative regulation. The determination of the constraint on 
operators' revenues (VRG) is based on reimbursement of costs (fixed assets through depreciation and the 
related financial and tax charges, efficient operating costs and other operating costs such as electricity costs, 
costs for wholesale purchase, etc.). The rates may not be greater than the change to the specified price limit 
for each operator (barring a reasoned request from the local authority approved by the ARERA), and are 
implemented through a tariff multiplier of the fixed and variable fees charged to users. 
With Resolution 580/2019/R/idr, the ARERA defined the integrated urban water management tariff method 
(MTI-3) for the 2020-2023 period, substantially confirming the regulatory approach of the previous methods 
and also updating only the financial charges that can be recognised on the invested capital. With Resolution 
235/2020/R/idr, the ARERA introduced forms of flexibility to mitigate the economic effects on operators 
deriving from the pandemic Covid-19. 
The ARERA also introduced rules regarding the contractual quality, service standards and frequency of 
collection of user measures. Finally, with Resolution 137/16/R/com the ARERA expanded the accounting 
unbundling requirements already in force for the other regulated sectors to integrated urban water 
management. 
The absence of a national framework for the organisation of the service and its concession methods require 
the immediate application of Italian regulations and Community legislation. 
By application of Legislative Decree No. 152/2006 and relevant regional legislation, integrated water 
services must be provided at above the municipal level, must be integrated — by attributing all the 
                                                   
18 Previously assigned to the National Agency for Water Regulation and Supervision.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
  
component assets to a single manager, must impose on the single manager a single concession, must provide 
control powers to the local authority and to the ARERA, must ensure compliance with the capital assets 
scheme, the tariff scheme defined by the ARERA and the exclusivity of the service in favour of the single 
manager. 
Finally, Law Decree No. 179/2012, as converted into Law No. 221/2012, defined the transitional period for 
water service. 
In particular, Article 34 of the Decree states that direct awards as at 1 October 2003 to listed companies (or 
to companies owned by listed companies) are to expire as stipulated in the contract, otherwise by 20 
December 2020. Moreover, the aforementioned Article 34 provides general criteria in order to ensure 
compliance of the integrated water service regulation with the Community principles in this area. 
With Resolution 465/2014/R/idr, complying with the provisions of the Law Decree no. 133/2014 (the so-
called "Sblocca Italia" Decree, converted into Law no. 164/2014), the ARERA extended the procedure for 
defining the standard agreements between the foster entity and the service provider to June 2015. While it 
was awaiting the conversion of the Decree into Law, the ARERA began implementing rules concerning the 
composition of district authorities, based on a unique (and not uniform) award criterion. Several provisions 
of the "Sblocca Italia" Decree are designed to strengthen the so-called "single management" principle based 
on which a single IWS manager must be selected for each district (with a view to overcoming the services 
fragmentation that still characterizes several areas). To that end, the new Article 172 of Legislative Decree 
No. 152/2006 provides for the following: (a) on expiry of one or several existing concessions within a single 
IWS district, the end-users of which amount, in aggregate, to at least 25% of the population of such district, 
the relevant Territorial Authority must award the IWS concession to a single manager, to the effect that such 
newly-appointed single manager is to take over the position of the existing IWS providers, provided that the 
latter providers were appointed in compliance with the regulation then in force and their award was not 
terminated by operation of law on expiry of the relevant concession agreement; and (b) on expiry of existing 
concessions within a single IWS district, the end-users of which amount, in aggregate, to less than 25% of 
the population of such district, the relevant Territorial Authority is to award the relevant IWS for a duration 
in any case not exceeding that required to achieve such 25% threshold, or for a duration not exceeding the 
outstanding tenor of the existing concessions, provided that the latter are scheduled to expire ahead of the 
other concessions and the number of their end-users (in aggregate with that of the concessions falling within 
the scope of the award) amounts to not less than 25% of the overall population of the relevant district. 
With Resolution 917/2017/R/idr the ARERA defined the technical quality regulation of the Integrated Water 
Cycle in order to improve the infrastructure system according to the multiannual program organized by 
specific objectives for capital expenditures and operating expenses. A premium/penalty mechanism will be 
active only in the next years as the national benchmark to quantify its amounts and economic impacts is not 
yet available. 
Considering the amendments to the Legislative Decree no. 152/06 due to the article 7 of the Law Decree no. 
133/14 (as then amended), the Territorial Authority selected a private-public partnership company as the 
single manager for the Integrated Water Service for the district authority of Brescia. The decision was then 
confirmed by the district board by announcement of the municipalities concerned. 
By means of Resolution no. 35 of October 2016, the Territorial Authority subsequently assigned the 
Integrated Water Service to Acque Bresciane S.r.l., fully state-owned company in compliance with the so-
called in-house supply model. The same Resolution provides for, in a second phase, the completion of the 
tender for the selection of the private partner to allow the achievement of management in the form of a 
public-private mixed company. 
With Resolution 580/2019/R/idr the ARERA defined the tariff regulation framework applicable in the 2020-
2023 period (with an intra-period update in 2022). The regulatory matrix mechanism was confirmed, with a 
limit of the annual increase of the tariff multiplier ϑ, the parameter that defines the cap on revenues,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
  
guaranteeing investment flexibility and improving the quality of the service. This limit is mainly linked to 
the expected retail inflation and an efficiency-sharing factor. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Waste regulation 
The national waste framework legislation is included in the environmental code under Decree No. 152/2006 
(the Environmental Code), which defines criteria and rules concerning waste management. The 
Environmental Code also shares responsibilities among the operators active in the waste management 
system. 
The Environmental Code, issued by the Italian government in April 2006 in order to reorganize national 
environmental legislation, has been modified and implemented through various regulations after its original 
publication. The Environmental Code provides for civil, penal and administrative penalties for violations of 
its provisions. 
Article 1, paragraphs 527-530, of the 2018 Budget Law (Law no. 205 of 27 December 2017) grants the 
Authority for Electricity, Gas and the Water System, renamed the Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and Environment (ARERA), specific regulation and control functions of the "urban waste" 
management service. 
The purposes of the aforementioned rules are to improve the service regulation system, guarantee 
accessibility, usability and homogeneous dissemination of the system, achieve adequate levels of quality in 
terms of efficiency and cost-effectiveness of management, harmonize economic-financial objectives with 
general social and environmental objectives and appropriate use of resources and achieve infrastructural 
adaptation to European objectives to overcome infringement procedures. 
The regulatory scope of the ARERA, which in terms of the type of waste will apply to urban and similar 
waste, including where separately collected, consists of the following functions: 
(a) 
issue guidelines concerning accounting unbundling, costs evaluation and efficiency benchmarks; 
(b) 
define the quality levels of the service and the standard management agreement; 
(c) 
consumer rights protection; 
(d) 
definition of standard schemes for service contracts; 
(e) 
setting and update of the tariff method for determining the fees for the integrated waste service and 
the component individual services according to the principle of cost coverage, based on the 
assessment of efficient costs and the "polluter pays" principle; 
(f) 
set and update tariff criteria to establish the waste treatment fee; 
(g) 
approve the tariffs; 
(h) 
verify the waste local Plan and suggest proposals; 
(i) 
advocacy and formulation of proposals. 
The new regulations have been effective since 1 January 2018 and the ARERA, after changes in the organic 
plan, began with preliminary survey of the factual state of the sector and the segmentation of the individual

--- Page 168 ---
168 
  
waste cycle activities in order to apply new power on quality, protection rights and tariff method (see the 
section below "Waste tariff mechanism"). 
With regard to the financing of assets, regulated operators have to pay an annual contribution to the 
Authority "not exceeding one thousandth of revenues for the last financial year". 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Waste tariff mechanism 
Law Decree No. 102/2013 introduced the so-called Service Tax (tax on municipal services), which entered 
into force in 2014, replacing the previously applicable TARES (tax on waste). Law No. 147 of 27 December 
2013, paragraphs 639 and following, modified by Law Decree No. 16 of 6 March 2014, reformed the local 
tax system by introducing specific taxes on real estate (IMU), waste (TARI) and inseparable services (TASI). 
The TARI is intended to ensure full coverage of costs relating to waste management services (collection, 
recovery and/or disposal) incurred by the municipalities. All those who own or use a property are required to 
pay TARI, in relation to the "urban waste" produced in the property, referring to both household waste and 
waste originating from industrial and commercial premises, which, pursuant to the municipality regulations, 
is to be managed as waste generated by households. Tax rates are set by the municipalities based on the net 
living space of the property, the type of business activities carried out there, the number of people living 
there, the ordinary average quantity and quality of waste produced by square metre in the municipality 
concerned, as well as on the reference values provided by the so-called "normalized method" regulated under 
Presidential Decree No. 158 of 27 April 1999. 
With respect to the nature of the waste tariff, in July 2009, with Decision No. 238/2009, the Constitutional 
Court ruled that the waste tariff pursuant to Article 49 of TIA1, was to be qualified as a tax and therefore not 
subject to VAT. Following this decision, the Italian government, by means of Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 
2010, under Article 14, paragraph 33, provided that TIA2 was to be interpreted as a tariff of "non taxation 
nature" and therefore subject to VAT. With the provisions set forth under Art. 14 of Law Decree No. 
201/2011, the Italian legislator has clarified that the new tariff that will be applied starting from 1 January 
2013 is a tax and therefore not subject to VAT. 
As a consequence, of the attribution of the sectoral competences to the ARERA with the Budget Law 2018 
(Law no. 205 of 27 December 2017,), a new tariff mechanism has been established. In further detail, 
Resolution no. 443/2019 of 31 October 2019 adopted the MTR (i.e. Metodo Tariffario Rifiuti), as the first 
tariff regulatory framework for waste management activities, applicable in the 2018-2021 period.  
The main changes introduced by the new regulatory scheme are the following: 
 
RAB-based remuneration: the primary revenues are matched to cover operating costs, cost of capital 
and depreciation/amortisation with a financial return on net invested capital (WACC) equal to 
6.3%,+1% for the regulatory time lag (i.e. -2 years for cost recovery). 
 
Price cap: tariff increases will be capped, ensuring flexibility in order to consider additional services 
and quality improvement or change in scope. Indeed, Local Authorities could submit a request to 
NRA to exceed the cap in order to guarantee the economic balance of the regulated services. 
 
Profit sharing: a sharing method in favour of the service provider, applied on secondary revenues 
from the sale of separate collection materials and other market activities based on the concession 
asset (i.e. power and heat).

--- Page 169 ---
169 
  
 
Asymmetry and gradualness: efficiency incentives in the sharing factor and gradual implementation 
instruments, which are set by the local municipality in charge of tariff approval and are based on 
objective indicators (i.e. RD, customer satisfaction). 
 
Tariff validation: the regulator maintains a role in checking the consistency of the tariff with the 
MTR methodology, and could apply an equalisation mechanism in case of complaints. 
The MTR entered into force in 202019 and is related to collection services, while the treatment and recovery 
framework will enter into effect from 2022, following a public consultation process with the stakeholders 
involved. In May 2021, ARERA has published Consultation Document 196/2021/R/rif as part of the 
procedure for setting MTR-2 from 2022 (2nd Regulatory period), which includes the criteria for determining 
unsorted waste treatment tariffs, after convening dedicated focus groups, data collection and public 
consultation documents to be expected by July 2021. As for waste treatment, ARERA might pursue an 
asymmetric approach, modulated according to the type of plant - regarding its position within i) “waste 
hierarchy” - and ii) degree of integration of the operator (i.e. same operator for both collection and treatment 
services). Considering the asymmetric implementation its mandate, ARERA should also take into 
consideration the regional governance and the existence of a dynamic waste treatment market with a high 
contestability degree for plants. 
In February 2021, ARERA also published consultation document No. 72/2021/R/rif setting the initial 
guidelines for contractual and technical quality regulation of the municipal waste management service, in 
order to ensure an adequate quality level in relation to tariffs paid by users. The quality regulation framework 
is expected to come into force in the second half of 2022. 
For further information, see the section headed "Evolution of the regulation and impacts on the Business 
Units of the A2A Group" of the Report on Operations at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", above). 
Environmental Code 
The Environmental Code contains the majority of the national legislation on environmental issues and it 
implements the main EU directives on waste treatment, governing waste management and remediation of 
contaminated sites, laying down measures to protect the environment and human health, preventing or 
reducing the negative impacts of production and waste management, reducing overall impacts of resource 
use and improving efficiency. Urban waste collection and treatment is an activity conducted in the public's 
interest and qualified as a local public service (LPS). Waste management is carried out in accordance with 
the principles of precaution, prevention, sustainability, proportionality, accountability and cooperation of all 
parties involved in the production, distribution, use and consumption of goods which originate from the 
waste and under the principle of responsibility of the polluter (the so called "polluter pays" principle). To this 
end, the management of waste is carried out according to criteria of effectiveness, efficiency, economy, 
transparency, technical and economic feasibility, and in compliance with existing rules on participation and 
access to environmental information. Waste management takes place in accordance with the following 
hierarchy of principles: (a) prevention, (b) preparation for reuse; (c) recycling; (d) other recovery — i.e. the 
recovery of energy — and (e) disposal. 
Municipal waste management is organized on the basis of "optimal management areas" (ATOs) bounded by 
the regional plan under the criteria of: (a) overcoming the fragmentation of management through an 
integrated waste management service; (b) achievement of adequate operating dimensions, defined on the 
basis of physical, demographic, technical criteria and based on the political-administrative divisions; (c) 
adequate assessment of the road system and rail communications in order to optimize the transport within the 
                                                   
19 Due to the COVID-19 emergency, the Cura Italia Law Decree gives the option of postponing the application of MTR for local bodies in charge of 
TARI definition process. In this case, MTR is expected to be implemented by the end of 2020 and a balancing mechanism has to be identified to 
recover the difference with the transitory tariff.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
  
area; (d) enhancement of common needs and affinities in the production and waste management; (e) survey 
of waste management facilities already built and in operation; and (f) consideration of the previous 
boundaries for the new areas so as to ensure that the latter deviate from the previous areas only on the basis 
of justified reasons of effectiveness, efficiency and economy. Areas are established by the regions; according 
to the exception explicitly provided by the law itself, some regions have decided not to establish them. 
According to the Environmental Code, with reference to municipal waste (MW), the regional authorities are 
tasked with defining waste management plans in order to organize and integrate waste collection, treatment 
and disposal within the optimal management area. Each optimal management area consists of certain number 
of municipalities. The targets on separate collection of municipal solid waste must be reached within the 
area. The territory of each area is defined by Regions. 
According to national criteria, regional plans on waste management must include various provisions, such as: 
 
measures to ensure a reduction in the quantity, volume and hazardousness of waste; 
 
identification of optimal management areas; 
 
provisions to avoid soil and water pollution, arising from municipal and industrial waste landfilling; 
 
measures to prevent waste production and encourage reuse, recycling and recovery; and 
 
measures to promote waste collection and management within the regional territory. 
Law Decree No. 2 of 25 January 2010 (converted into Law No. 42/2010) provided for the abolition of 
optimal management areas starting from 1 January 2011; this deadline was subsequently extended until 31 
December 2012. By this deadline, regional governments were required to re-assign, by means of specific 
regional laws, to new regional entities, the functions previously performed by the optimal management areas, 
in accordance to the principles of subsidiarity, differentiation and adequacy. 
The Environmental Code has been subject to significant revisions that have had significant repercussions on 
the activities of the companies operating in the waste sector, since the entry into force of first level and EU 
implementation provisions. Further amendments have been applied as a result of the further implementation 
of recent European regulations and the Circular Economy Package20 adopted in 2018 by the European 
Commission and implemented in September 2020 through the following Legislative Decrees: 
 
Legislative Decree No. 118/2020 for Waste Batteries and Accumulators and Waste Electrical and 
Electronic Equipment; 
 
Legislative Decree No. 116/2020 for Packaging and Packaging Waste; 
 
Legislative Decree No. 119/2020 for End of Life Vehicles; 
 
Legislative Decree No. 121/2020 for Waste Landfills. 
The Package sets ambitious targets for waste reduction and recovery, as well as to discourage landfill 
disposal. Key elements of the revised waste proposal include: 
 
a common EU target for recycling 65% of municipal waste by 2030; 
 
a common EU target for recycling 75% of packaging waste by 2030; 
                                                   
20 The Package includes the following legislative acts: Directive 2018/849 (end-of-life vehicles, batteries, electronic waste), Directive 2018/850 
(landfill), Directive 2018/851 (waste) and Directive 2018/852 (packaging). They entered into force on 4 July 2018. Member States are required to 
transpose the directives into national law by 5 July 2020.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
  
 
a binding landfill target to reduce landfill to maximum of 10% of municipal waste by 2030; 
 
a ban on landfilling of separately collected waste; 
 
promotion of economic instruments to discourage landfilling and fully implement the "waste 
hierarchy pyramid"; 
 
harmonized definition and calculation methods for recycling rates throughout the EU; 
 
measures to promote eco-design/re-use and boost recovery and recycling schemes (namely, for 
packaging, batteries, electric and electronic equipment, vehicles). 
Landfill disposal 
Legislative Decree No. 36 of 13 January 2003 implements the Landfill Directive (Council Directive No. 
1999/31/EC), which aims to prevent, or to reduce as far as possible, the negative environmental effects of 
landfills. 
Decree No. 36/2003 requires companies that operate a landfill to carry out a series of activities (including 
collection, storage and disposal of the percolate, aspiration, combustion and energy retrieval of the bio-gas) 
for a period of 30 years after closure of the landfill. The price applied by the operator for landfill disposal 
must cover the costs for landfill management for at least 30 years after closure. 
With the 2018/850 Directive amending the abovementioned 1991/31/EC, and implemented by Legislative 
Decree No. 121/2020, a 10% target has established as a limit for landfilled municipal waste. Exceptions are 
granted for counties still relying on landfills for over 60% of their municipal waste. 
Hydroelectric 
For further information on laws applicable to the hydroelectric sector see "Concessions – Hydroelectric 
plants" above.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
  
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes, including the application to their particular situation of the 
tax considerations discussed below. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, 
the ownership and the disposition of the Notes. It is a general overview that does not apply to certain 
categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does not discuss every 
aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a holder of the Notes if such holder is subject to special 
circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. This overview also 
assumes that the Issuer is organised and that the Issuer's business will be conducted as outlined in this Base 
Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer's tax residence, organisational structure or the manner in which the Issuer 
conducts its business may invalidate this overview. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree No. 239), provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Interest) from securities (i) falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of the Italian Presidential Decree 
No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended (Decree No. 917), (ii) issued, inter alia, by companies whose 
shares are listed on an Italian regulated market, such as the Notes. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, debentures similar to bonds are securities that (i) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value 
and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management 
of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where an Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a 
non-commercial partnership or professional association, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution 
or non-commercial trust (other than Italian undertakings for collective investment), or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income tax (in each case, unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted the 
management of its financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the 
so-called "risparmio gestito" regime, see under paragraph "Capital Gains", below), Interest payments in 
respect of Notes are subject to a final substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
(either when such Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a 
sale of the relevant Notes). The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered as a deduction from the income tax 
due.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
  
In case the Notes are held by an Italian resident individual or non-commercial private or public institution 
engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected to its business activity, then Interest (i) will be 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva on account of income tax due and (ii) will be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's annual corporate taxable income to be reported in the income tax return. As a consequence, 
such Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a 
deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation relating to certain eligible financial instruments (including the Notes) if the 
latter are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (Finance 
Act 2017), in Article 1 (210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (Finance Act 2019), as 
implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
(piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 (Decree No. 124), as further amended and applicable from time to time.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stock exchange agents 
and other entities identified by relevant decrees of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (the 
Intermediaries and each an Intermediary). 
The Intermediaries must: (i) be (a) resident in Italy, or (b) a permanent establishments in Italy of 
Intermediaries resident outside Italy, or (c) an organisation or a company non resident in Italy acting through 
a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an 
Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of 
the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
In order to apply the imposta sostitutiva, an Intermediary opens an account (the single account) to which it 
credits the imposta sostitutiva in proportion to the Interest accrued. In the event that more than one 
Intermediary participates in an investment transaction, the imposta sostitutiva in respect of the transaction is 
credited to or debited from the single account of the Intermediary having the deposit or investment 
management relationship with the investor. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or by the 
Issuer. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar commercial entity (including a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) and the Notes and the 
relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner directly or indirectly with an Intermediary, then payments 
of Interest on Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva, but Interest accrued on the Notes must be 
included in the relevant Noteholder's annual corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for the purposes of regional 
tax on productive activities – IRAP) to be reported in the income tax return and are therefore subject to 
general Italian corporate taxation according to the ordinary tax rules. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called

--- Page 174 ---
174 
  
discretionary investment portfolio regime (the risparmio gestito regime, as described under "Capital Gains", 
below). 
Where the investor is an Italian open-ended or closed-ended investment fund other than a real estate 
investment fund, a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) or a SICAF (an investment 
company with fixed capital, other than a real estate SICAF), established in Italy (together, the Funds) and 
either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the Notes are 
held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will neither be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Noteholders; a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax). 
Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005 (the Pension Funds) are subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on their annual net accrued 
result. To the extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner directly or 
indirectly with an Intermediary, then Interest on Notes held by Pension Funds will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva but will be included in the calculation of said annual net accrued result. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest in respect to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-215) of Finance Act 2019, as 
implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
(piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Decree 
No. 124, as further amended and applicable from time to time. 
Under the current regime provided by law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law n. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of 
Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian real estate 
SICAFs established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 (together, the Real Estate Funds), 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of such real estate 
investment funds, provided that the Notes, together with the relevant coupons, are timely deposited with an 
authorised Intermediary. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per 
cent. on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply 
in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real 
Estate Fund’s units or shares. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes may be exempt from taxation with respect to certain beneficial owners of 
the Notes resident outside of Italy, without permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to Decree No. 239 subject to timely compliance with all the 
requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as 
outlined in brief below, an exemption applies to any non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes who: 
(i) is resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with the 
Italian tax authorities included in the white list provided for by a decree to be issued pursuant to Article 11 
(4) (c) of Decree No. 239, as amended by Article 10 of Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015 
(currently, reference is made to the list included in the Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, the White List); or (ii) is an international body or entity set up in 
accordance with international agreements entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a central bank or an entity also 
authorised to manage the official reserves of a State; or (iv) is an "institutional investor", whether or not 
subject to tax, which is established in a country included in the White List.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with 
the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of 
the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder 
declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign central 
banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with 
the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who do 
not qualify for the exemption. 
Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
reduction (generally to 10 per cent.) of the imposta sostitutiva under certain applicable double tax treaties 
entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of required documentation. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and/or do not 
grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or 
of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same management. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation relating to the certain eligible financial instruments (including the Notes) if 
the latter are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-
215) of Finance Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, and, for long-term 
individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020, in Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as further amended and applicable from time to time.  
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or 
public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when 
the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital Gains 
Italian Corporate investors (including banks and insurance companies) 
Capital gains realised by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) on sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will

--- Page 176 ---
176 
  
form part of their aggregate income subject to corporation tax (IRES). In certain cases (depending on the 
status of the Noteholder), capital gains may also be included in the taxable net value of production of Italian 
resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected) for IRAP purposes. The gains are calculated as the difference between the 
sale price and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be 
taxed in equal instalments over up to five fiscal years for IRES purposes. 
Italian resident individuals 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off any 
losses with their gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of certain eligible financial 
instruments (including the Notes) if the latter are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of 
Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-2015) of Finance Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 
30 April 2019, and, for long-term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo 
termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as further amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings account 
established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree No. 124 may 
benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in 
respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains 
(net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the 
Notes. In this instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial 
activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year.  
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in 
the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and

--- Page 177 ---
177 
  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by 
the relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds provided by the Noteholders for 
this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, which may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the discretionary investment portfolio regime ("risparmio gestito" regime), any capital gains 
realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) to an 
authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent., to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the year end 
may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual 
tax return. 
Italian Funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva on 
capital gains in the hands of the relevant Noteholder; the Collective Investment Fund Tax will be levied on 
proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain categories of unitholders or shareholders upon 
redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Italian Pension Funds 
In case of Notes held by Italian Pension Funds, capital gains on the Notes will contribute to determine the 
annual net accrued result of same Pension Funds, which is subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-2015) of Finance Act 
2019 as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, and, for long-term individual savings 
accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis 
of Decree No. 124, as further amended and applicable from time to time. 
Italian Real Estate Funds 
Italian Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, 
in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the 
status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in 
the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised 
upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and corporations without a

--- Page 178 ---
178 
  
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held or 
deemed to be held in Italy. 
However, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are 
exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, 
and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a self-declaration - 
autocertificazione - of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are 
held in Italy and regardless of the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 461, Decree No. 350 of 25 September 2001 and 
Decree No. 239, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected that qualify for the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva under the applicable provisions of Decree No. 239 –– are exempt from 
taxation in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation; 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to taxation in Italy, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation, on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or 
redemption of the Notes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11 (2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of a single 
series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original Tranche.  This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date 
of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the 
original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of 
years of the duration of the Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Subject to certain conditions, transfer of Notes, mortis causa or by reason of donation, are subject to 
inheritance and gift taxes, provided that the issuer is resident in Italy. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
transfers to spouse and to direct relatives: 4 per cent. of the value of the notes exceeding Euro 1 
million for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers to brothers and sisters: 6 per cent. of the value of the notes exceeding Euro 100,000 for 
each beneficiary; 
(c) 
transfers to relatives (parenti) within the fourth degree, to direct relatives in law (affini in linea 
retta), indirect relatives in law (affini in linea collaterale) within the third degree other than the 
relatives indicated above: 6 per cent. of the value of the notes; 
(d) 
other transfers: 8 per cent. of the value of the notes.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
  
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-215) of Finance Act 2019, as implemented by the 
Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019 and, for long-term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di 
risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020 in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as 
further amended and applicable from time to time – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of Notes are subject to a Euro 200 registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
only in the case of voluntary registration, "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or upon a "case of use" (caso 
d'uso). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted by Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011 (Decree No. 201), as subsequently amended and supplemented by Law No. 147 of 27 
December 2013, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes 
which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty is collected by the Italian banks or 
other financial intermediaries with which the Notes are deposited and applies, on a yearly basis, on the 
market value of the Notes, or lacking such value, on the nominal or reimbursement value of such 
instruments, at a rate of 0.2 per cent. 
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries to 
subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by Provision of the Governor of Bank of Italy dated 29 July 
2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated including by, inter alia, Provision of the 
Governor of Bank of Italy 20 June 2012. Communications and reports sent to this type of investors are 
subject to the ordinary Euro 2.00 stamp duty for each copy to the extent no exemption therefrom applies. 
Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension Funds. 
For subjects other than individuals the maximum applicable stamp tax is equal to Euro 14,000 per annum. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though the 
intermediary is not required to send any such communication. In this case, the stamp duty is to be applied on 
31 December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client. At any rate, where no 
specific exemption applies, a minimum stamp tax of Euro 34.20 is due on a yearly basis. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from 2020, 
Law No 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of IVAFE to 
Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnerships and equivalent entities, in addition to Italian 
resident individuals. For taxpayers different from individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
is available – on the nominal value or on the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
  
Italian financial transaction tax (IFTT) 
As of 1 January 2014 Noteholders entering into Notes not providing for the Issuer's obligation to repay the 
principal invested upon redemption (which Notes fall within the category of atypical securities), mainly 
having as underlying or the value of which is mainly linked to Italian shares and other participating 
instruments, as well as depository receipts representing those shares and participating instruments 
irrespective of the relevant issuer, are subject to IFTT at a rate ranging between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 200, 
depending on the notional value of the relevant securities calculated pursuant to Article 9 of the Ministerial 
Decree of 21 February 2013, as amended. IFTT applies, under certain conditions, upon subscription, 
negotiation or modification of these Notes or the underlying assets or reference value. 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as recently 
amended, individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions resident 
in Italy who/which, during the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, 
in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in 
case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed 
for the income tax return).The requirement also applies where the persons abovementioned, being not the 
direct holders of the financial instruments, are the beneficial owners of the instruments. 
In relation to the Notes, such reporting obligation shall not apply if, inter alia, the Notes are not held abroad 
and, in any case, if the Notes are deposited with an Italian intermediary that intervenes in the collection of 
the relevant income and the intermediary applied withholding or substitute tax on income derived from the 
Notes. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register. Further, Notes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date and/or 
characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes– Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
  
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the FATCA 
withholding. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force mentioned below, there is no withholding tax 
on payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where

--- Page 182 ---
182 
  
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
  
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 14 June 2021, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 184 ---
184 
  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA.  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85208 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
  
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February, 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
Banking Act) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 13 May 2021. 
The issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes by the 
competent bodies of the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of the Issuer's 
By-Laws. Each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) shall be passed in notarial form and registered in 
the competent Companies' Register (Registro delle Imprese). 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), as 
amended. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.a2a.eu/en/investors/debt.  
(i) 
the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus;  
(iv) 
Sustainable Finance Framework; and 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save that 
in the case of any Notes not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by 
the relevant Noteholders) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. In addition, copies of the documents referred to at paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above are and/or will 
be, as the case may be, available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
Save as disclosed in the section "Description of the Issuer – Significant events after 31 December 2020" 
above, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or 
the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section "Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings" above, neither the Issuer nor 
any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The current independent auditors of A2A are EY S.p.A. For further information on EY S.p.A. please see 
"Description of the Issuer – Independent Auditors" above. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Note, except 
if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates (including parent companies) may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent companies) that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the

--- Page 190 ---
190 
  
Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
  
ISSUER 
A2A S.p.A. 
Via Lamarmora, 230 
25124 Brescia 
Italy 
AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti , 10  
20121 Milan 
Italy  
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Lombardia, 31 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
CO-ARRANGERS 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
  
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain  
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Spain Edificio Encinar, planta baja 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 192 ---
192 
  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France   
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid  
Spain 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25, Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan   
Italy  
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg