--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to 
the prospectus following this notice (the “Base Prospectus”), and you are therefore advised to read this 
disclaimer page carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications 
to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE CLASS A NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS (THE “CLASS A NOTES”) IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO 
SO. 
THE CLASS A NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. THE CLASS A NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, 
OR A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.  
THE CLASS A NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES 
APPROVED THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE 
ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – IN CONNECTION WITH SECTION 309B OF THE 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) AND 
THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE “CMP REGULATIONS 2018”), UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED BEFORE AN 
OFFER OF BONDS, THE ISSUER HAS DETERMINED, AND HEREBY NOTIFIES ALL RELEVANT 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 309A(1) OF THE SFA), THAT THE BONDS ARE CAPITAL 
MARKETS PRODUCTS OTHER THAN PRESCRIBED CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED 
IN THE CMP REGULATIONS 2018) AND ARE SPECIFIED INVESTMENT PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED 
IN MAS NOTICE SFA 04-N12: NOTICE ON THE SALE OF INVESTMENT PRODUCTS AND MAS 
NOTICE FAA-N16: NOTICE ON RECOMMENDATIONS ON INVESTMENT PRODUCTS).  
WITHIN THE UNITED KINGDOM, THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE PASSED ON EXCEPT TO 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS OR OTHER PERSONS IN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SECTION 
21(1) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (AS AMENDED) DOES NOT APPLY 
TO THE ISSUER (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT 
PERSONS”). THE BASE PROSPECTUS MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS 
WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH

--- Page 2 ---
THE BASE PROSPECTUS RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO RELEVANT PERSONS AND WILL BE 
ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON 
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the Class A Notes, you must be a non-U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act), and be outside the United States investing in the Class A Notes in an offshore transaction in 
reliance on Regulation S; provided that investors resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
must be qualified investors (within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) 
and not retail investors (as described below) and investors resident in the United Kingdom must be qualified 
investors (within the meaning of Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and not retail 
investors (as described below). You have been sent the attached Base Prospectus on the basis that you have 
confirmed to the Dealers (collectively, the “Dealers”) set forth in the attached Base Prospectus, being the sender 
or senders of the attached, that either: (A)(i) you and any customers you represent are not U.S. persons; and (ii) 
the electronic mail (or e-mail) address to which it has been delivered is not located in the United States of 
America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“possessions” include Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands and that you consent to delivery by electronic transmission; or (B) if you are resident 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, you are not a retail investor (as 
described below). 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other 
person. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the 
offering of Class A Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the relevant Dealers in respect of such 
offering or any affiliate of such Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by such Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe or purchase any of the Class A Notes are reminded 
that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of information contained in the Base Prospectus 
in combination with any relevant drawdown prospectus or Final Terms (if applicable). The Base Prospectus 
may only be communicated to persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer (as defined below). 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently no 
Dealer, nor any person who controls any Dealer, nor any director, officer, employee or agent or affiliate of any 
such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base 
Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format herewith and the hard copy version available to you on request 
from the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
NOT FOR GENERAL DISTRIBUTION 
IN THE UNITED STATES 
 
 
AA Bond Co Limited 
(a public limited company incorporated in Jersey with registered no. 112992) 
£5,000,000,000 
Multicurrency Programme for the Issuance of Class A Notes 
AA Bond Co Limited (the “Issuer”) has authorised the establishment of a multicurrency programme for the issuance of a single 
class of Class A Notes designated as the Class A Notes (the “Programme”). There is no provision under the Programme for the 
issuance of other classes of Class A Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as supplementary Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Class A Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Class A Notes. Such approval relates only to Class A 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”)and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for certain Class A Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the 
“Regulated Market”). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of AA Limited (www.theaacorporate.com) and Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Class A Notes may be issued, on a continuing basis, to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview—Key 
Characteristics of the Programme—Dealers” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer (each, a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Class A Notes being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer or in respect of which subscriptions will be procured by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Class A Notes or to procure subscriptions for such Class A Notes, as the case may be. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Class A Notes and any 
Drawdown Prospectus may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Class A Notes and which channels for distribution of the Class A Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Class A Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Class A Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Class A Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive” or “IDD”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 4 ---
offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Class A Notes and any 
Drawdown Prospectus may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Class A Notes and which channels for distribution of the Class A Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Class A Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Class A Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Class A Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and, 
therefore, offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Class A Notes issued under the Programme have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and are being offered and sold outside the United States to certain persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”). Each purchaser of the Class A Notes in making its purchase will be deemed to have made certain 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements (see “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus). See “Transfer 
Restrictions” for additional information about eligible offerees and transfer restrictions. 
See “Risk Factors” to read about certain factors that prospective investors should consider before buying any of the Class A Notes. 
 
Arranger 
BARCLAYS 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE 
J.P. MORGAN 
LLOYDS BANK CORPORATE 
MARKETS 
 
Base Prospectus dated 3 July 2023

--- Page 5 ---
v 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms “we”, “our”, “us” or the “Holdco Group” with respect to our historical 
results of operation, including business operations, refer to AA Intermediate Co Limited (“Holdco”) and its 
subsidiaries as a whole (the “Holdco Group”) or to any one or more of its subsidiaries when discussing future 
results of operations, including business operations, provided that in the section entitled “Business”, the terms 
“we”, “our” “us”, the “AA” or the “AA Group” refer to AA Limited (formerly AA plc) and its subsidiaries as 
a whole (the “AA Group”) as we manage our business operations by reference to the AA Group as a whole and 
not just the Holdco Group. Unless otherwise indicated, the “Group” consolidated historical financial data and 
other financial information presented herein includes the results of operations of the Holdco Group and excludes 
the results of operations of, among other entities, AA Limited and AA Mid Co Limited (“Topco”) as those 
entities do not provide credit support to the Class A IBLAs or the Class A Notes and are not included within the 
Holdco Group for the purposes of the Class A IBLAs. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from time to 
time issue Class A Notes in bearer or registered form (respectively, “Class A Bearer Notes” and “Class A 
Registered Notes”). Copies of the final terms for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes (the “Final Terms”) will be 
available (in the case of all Class A Notes) from the specified office set out below of Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited as Class A note trustee (the “Class A Note Trustee”), (in the case of Class A Bearer Notes) from the 
specified office set out below of each of the Class A Paying Agents and (in the case of Class A Registered Notes) 
from the specified office set out below of each of the Class A Registrar and the Class A Transfer Agent. 
Class A Notes issued under the Programme shall comprise a single class (the “Class A Notes”). Class A Notes 
will be issued in tranches on each Issue Date. The Class A Notes may comprise one or more sub-classes (each, 
a “Sub-Class”) with each Sub-Class pertaining to, among other things, the currency, interest rate and maturity 
date of the relevant Sub-Class. Each Sub-Class may be denominated in sterling, euro or U.S. dollars (or in other 
currencies subject to compliance with applicable laws). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Class A Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed £5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in this 
Base Prospectus) unless increased from time to time by the Issuer. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other conditions not 
contained in this Base Prospectus, which are applicable to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, will be set forth in 
a set of Final Terms, or in a separate prospectus specific to such Sub-Class (a “Drawdown Prospectus”), see 
“Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. In the case of Class A Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List, the Final Terms will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the relevant date of issue of the Class 
A Notes of such Sub-Class. 
Ratings ascribed to all of the Class A Notes reflect only the views of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P” 
and a “Rating Agency”) and any further or replacement rating agency appointed by the Issuer. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the Rating Agency. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the 
Class A Notes may adversely affect the market price of such Class A Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is registered with the Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) as a credit rating agency under the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P GREL”) is 
established in the European Union and is registered under EU Regulation 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited currently endorses the ratings issued by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited pursuant to and in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
If any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is applicable to the Class A Notes, payments on the 
Class A Notes will be made subject to such withholding or deduction, without the Issuer being obliged to pay 
any additional amounts in consequence. 
In the case of Class A Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be EUR 100,000 or not less than the equivalent of EUR 100,000 in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of such Class A Notes. 
If specified under the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus, Class A Notes that are Class A 
Bearer Notes may be represented initially by one or more temporary global Class A Notes (each, a “Temporary 
Class A Global Note”) (which may be held either in new global note form or classic global note form), without 
interest coupons or principal receipts, which will be deposited with a Common Depositary (in the case of 
Temporary Class A Global Notes in classic global note form) or a Common Safekeeper (in the case of 
Temporary Class A Global Notes in new global note form) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) on or about the Issue Date of such Sub-Class. Each 
such Temporary Class A Global Note will be exchangeable for a permanent global note (each, a “Permanent 
Class A Global Note”) or definitive Class A Notes in bearer form as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus following the expiration of 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the relevant Issue Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership and as may be 
required by U.S. tax laws and regulations, as described in the section “Forms of the Class A Notes”. Class A 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Class A Bearer Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to United States persons. 
If specified under the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus, Class A Registered Notes that 
are initially offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be represented on issue by beneficial interests in 
one or more global notes (each, a “Class A Regulation S Global Note”), in fully registered form, without 
interest coupons or principal receipts attached, which will be deposited with, and registered in the name of, a 
Common Depositary (where not held under the New Safekeeping Structure) or a Common Safekeeper (where 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership interests 
in the Class A Regulation S Global Notes will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, 
records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. Class A Notes 
in definitive, certificated and fully registered form will be issued only in the limited circumstances described in 
this Base Prospectus. In each case, purchasers and transferees of Class A Notes will be deemed to have made 
certain representations and agreements. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” below.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, persons who (i) are outside the UK or 
(ii) are persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(1) 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”) 
or (iii) are high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within 
Article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Neither this Base 
Prospectus, nor any of its contents, may be acted upon or relied upon by persons who are not relevant persons. 
Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to, and any 
invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such investments will be engaged in 
only with, relevant persons. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Class A Note shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Issuer or the 
Obligors at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Obligors as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. None of 
the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of the 
Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the 
WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank 
or the Borrower Account Bank undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuer or the 
Obligors during the life of the Programme or the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Class A Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Holdco Group, the Dealers, the Class A Note 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
should purchase any of the Class A Notes issued under the Programme. Save for the Issuer, no other party has 
separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers, 
the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of the Hedge 
Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the WCF 
Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank or the 
Borrower Account Bank as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Class A Notes or their distribution nor is any 
responsibility accepted for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or Obligors or any other person in connection 
with the issue and offering of the Class A Notes. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice 
to the responsibilities of the Issuer. Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person 
has not relied on the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, 
any of the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF 
Agent, the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer 
Account Bank or the Borrower Account Bank to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuer or 
the Obligors, nor on any person affiliated with any of them in connection with its investigation of the accuracy 
of such information or its investment decision. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale or delivery of the Class A Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to or solicitation by any person 
to subscribe for or purchase any Class A Notes in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering of Class A Notes 
be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the relevant Dealers in respect of such offering or any affiliate of 
such Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by such 
Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Class A Notes. 
The Class A Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. For a description of this and certain further restrictions see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Class A Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the 
foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Each purchaser or holder of Class A Notes represented by a Class A Regulation S Global Note, or any Class A 
Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together, “Restricted Notes”) will be 
deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Restricted Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Class A Notes as set out in “Subscription and 
Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Certain Sub-Classes of Class A Notes issued in NGN form (each as defined in “Forms of the Class A Notes” 
below) may be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This simply means that the Class A 
Notes are intended upon issue to be delivered to one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or a third party 
on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Class A 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Class A Notes and the other financing arrangements described in this Base Prospectus to be entered into by 
the Issuer will be obligations solely of the Issuer. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “Commission”) has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent 
under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Class A Notes by the Issuer. 
The Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against Liability 
arising from the discharge of its functions under that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving its 
consent, the Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the 
correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
The consent of the Jersey registrar of companies in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General 
Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002 to the circulation of this Base Prospectus is not required as this Base Prospectus 
does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002 
on the basis that the Class A Notes shall be denominated in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or an equivalent 
amount in another currency). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Borrower, the

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any 
of the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, 
the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account 
Bank or the Borrower Account Bank that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Class A Notes. Each potential purchaser of Class A Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Class A Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Borrower during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Class A Notes of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. It should be remembered that the price of securities 
and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult his or 
her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with making such 
an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “pounds”, “sterling”, “£” or “GBP” are to the lawful currency of the 
UK, all references to “GBP LIBOR” are to the sterling London Interbank Offered Rate, all references to 
“SONIA” are to the Sterling Over-night Index Average reference rate, all references to “$”, “U.S.$”, “U.S. 
dollars”, “dollars” and “USD” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and all references to 
“€”, “euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from 
time to time.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
VOLCKER RULE 
Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as implemented by Section 619 of the U.S. Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, together with the rules, regulations and 
published guidance promulgated thereunder (the “Volcker Rule”), generally prohibits “sponsorship” of, and 
investment in the “ownership interests” issued by, “covered funds” by “banking entities”, a term that includes 
most internationally active banking organisations and their subsidiaries and affiliates, although a “banking 
entity” may sponsor and invest in a covered fund in certain limited circumstances and subject to a number of 
exceptions. A “banking entity” that serves, directly or indirectly, as the investment manager, investment adviser, 
commodity trading adviser or sponsor to a “covered fund”, or that organises and offers a “covered fund”, or 
that continues to hold an “ownership interest” in a covered fund, or any affiliate of such entity, is also prohibited 
from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that “covered fund”. “Covered transactions” include, 
among other things, entering into a swap transaction or guaranteeing notes if the swap or the guarantee would 
result in credit exposure to the “covered fund”. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer believes that it is not a “covered fund” for purposes of the 
Volcker Rule. In reaching this conclusion, the Issuer has determined that it need not rely on the exclusions from 
the definition of “investment company” provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), among other things, because the Issuer 
believes that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it meets the requirements of Rule 3a-5 under the Investment 
Company Act (“Rule 3a-5”), which provides an exemption for finance subsidiaries within an operating group 
such as the AA Group.  
While the Issuer intends to issue Class A Notes and generally operate in a manner that meets the requirements 
of Rule 3a-5, should the exemption from the requirements of the Investment Company Act provided by Rule 
3a-5 cease to be available to the Issuer then the Issuer may be a “covered fund” and therefore subject to the 
Volcker Rule. If the Issuer is a “covered fund” subject to the Volcker Rule, this may adversely impact holders 
of the Class A Notes. In particular, if the Issuer is a “covered fund” and the Class A Notes were to be considered 
“ownership interests” under the Volcker Rule, certain banking entities would be prohibited from holding or 
trading in the Class A Notes, which could materially and adversely impact the liquidity and market price of the 
Class A Notes. This could make it difficult or impossible for holders to sell the Class A Notes. 
Additionally, if any Hedge Counterparty, OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty or Liquidity Facility Provider or 
any affiliate of any such Hedge Counterparty or Liquidity Facility Provider (as applicable) is deemed to be a 
“sponsor” of the Issuer, the Hedge Counterparty or Liquidity Facility Provider (as applicable) could be 
prohibited from entering into the relevant Hedging Agreement or Liquidity Facility (as applicable) with the 
Issuer or may be required to terminate any existing Hedging Agreements or Liquidity Facilities (as applicable) 
early, which could have material adverse effects on the Class A Notes.  
The general effect of the Volcker Rule remains uncertain. Any prospective investor in the Class A Notes, 
including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisers 
regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment in the Class A Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Obligors which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer, the Obligors and the Class A Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final Terms 
which complete this Base Prospectus for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes issued hereunder. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission of anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has accurately reproduced the information contained in the section entitled “Description of Liquidity 
Facility Providers” (the “LFP Information”) from information provided to it or made publicly available by 
the Liquidity Facility Providers but it has not independently verified such information. So far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the Liquidity Facility Providers, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the LFP Information inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make representations other than the information 
or the representations contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue of the Class A Notes, any 
member of the Holdco Group, Topco, any holding company of Topco or the offering or sale of the Class A 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, any member of the Holdco Group, Topco, any holding company of 
Topco, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the directors of the 
Issuer, the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of 
the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, 
the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account 
Bank or the Borrower Account Bank. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offering or sale of 
Class A Notes made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, constitute a representation or create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or any member of the Holdco Group 
since the date hereof. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all information in this Base Prospectus is given as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Class A Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Obligors, the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer 
Security Trustee, any of the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF 
Lenders, the STF Agent, the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility 
Providers, the Issuer Account Bank or the Borrower Account Bank accept responsibility to investors for the 
regulatory treatment of their investment in the Class A Notes (including (but not limited to) whether any 
transaction or transactions pursuant to which Class A Notes are issued from time to time is or will be regarded 
as constituting a “securitisation” for the purposes of (i) Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (including as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA), (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Union (together 
with the regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards relating thereto) or (iii) Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the FCA Handbook), or any 
other regulation or directive relating to securitisations that may apply in the European Economic Area) in any 
jurisdiction or by any regulatory authority. 
If the regulatory treatment of an investment in the Class A Notes is relevant to an investor’s decision whether 
or not to invest, the investor should make its own determination as to such treatment and for this purpose seek 
professional advice and consult its regulator. Prospective investors are referred to the “Risk Factors—Risks

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
relating to the Class A Notes—Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital requirements 
and/or decreased liquidity in respect of the Class A Notes” section of this Base Prospectus for further 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Class A Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Sub-Class, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Class A Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Class A Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Sub-Class is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Sub-Class and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Sub-Class. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission of the Class A Notes to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin of any issue of Class A Notes, that, if there shall occur 
between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the final closing of any offer of Class A Notes to 
the public, or as the case may be, the time when trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin begins, 
any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Obligors and the rights attaching to the Class A Notes, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Class A Notes and will supply to each Dealer and the 
Class A Note Trustee such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement base prospectus as such 
Dealer and Class A Note Trustee may reasonably request. The Issuer will also supply to the Central Bank of 
Ireland (the “Central Bank”) such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement base prospectus 
as may be required by the Central Bank and will make copies available, free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, at the specified offices of the Class A Paying Agents and in respect of Class A Registered Notes, the 
Class A Registrar and the Class A Transfer Agent. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base Prospectus, 
as so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, in any material respect, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue by the Issuer of Class A Notes. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary base prospectus, the Issuer shall prepare 
and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Class A Notes to be admitted on the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplementary base prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
xv 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, 
the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Obligors and of the rights attaching to 
the Class A Notes. In relation to the different types of Class A Notes which may be issued under the Programme, 
the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating 
to the Class A Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined 
at the time of an individual issue of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Any information relating to the Class A Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. For a Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Sub-Class only, complete 
this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of 
the Class A Notes as set out herein (the “Class A Conditions”) as completed by Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms are the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes which is the subject 
of such Final Terms. 
The Class A Conditions as completed by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus are the terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus. Each 
Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating 
to the Issuer and the relevant Sub-Class(es) of Class A Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
xvi 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains various forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views with 
respect to future events and anticipated financial and operational performance. Forward-looking statements as 
a general matter are all statements other than statements as to historical facts or present facts or circumstances. 
The words “aim”, “anticipate”, “assume”, “believe”, “contemplate”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, 
“forecast”, “intend”, “likely”, “may”, “might”, “plan”, “positioned”, “potential”, “predict”, “project”, “remain”, 
“should”, “will” or “would”, or, in each case, their negative, or similar expressions, identify certain of these 
forward-looking statements. Other forward-looking statements can be identified in the context in which the 
statements are made. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and 
include statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of our management concerning, 
among other things, the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of the 
Holdco Group and/or the AA Group (as the context requires) and the industry in which we operate. Forward-
looking statements appear in a number of places in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, in the 
sections entitled “Overview”, “Risk Factors”, “Regulatory Overview”, and “Business”. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations and the development of the markets and the industries in which we operate 
may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, even if our results of operations and financial position and the development of the 
markets and industries in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent 
periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ 
materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below.  
Additional factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from 
those set out in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk 
Factors”. The factors described above and others described under the caption “Risk Factors” should not be 
construed as exhaustive. Due to such uncertainties and risks, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. We urge you to read 
this Base Prospectus, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Business”, for a more complete 
discussion of the factors that could affect our future performance and the industry in which we operate. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. We expressly undertake no 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise, other than as required by law or regulation. Accordingly, prospective investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements herein. In addition, all 
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are 
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus, including those set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 17 ---
xvii 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
In this Base Prospectus, we rely on and refer to information regarding our business and the markets in which 
we operate and compete. Certain economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts set forth in this 
Base Prospectus were extracted from market research, governmental and other publicly available information, 
independent industry publications and reports prepared by international consulting firms. These external 
sources include the UK Department for Transport and the Office for National Statistics and industry data 
provided by third parties, some of which was commissioned on our behalf. 
While we have accurately reproduced such third-party information, neither we nor the Dealers have verified 
the accuracy of such information, market data or other information on which third parties have based their 
studies. As far as we are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by these third parties, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Market studies 
are frequently based on information and assumptions that may not be exact or appropriate, and their 
methodology is by nature forward-looking and speculative. Furthermore, the markets in which we operate and 
compete may have shifted or changed since the date that each industry report was prepared. These and other 
factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent 
parties and by us. 
This Base Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived therefrom that cannot be 
gathered from publications by market research institutions or any other independent sources. Such information 
is prepared by us based on third-party sources and our own internal estimates, including studies of the market 
that we have commissioned. In many cases, there is no publicly available information on such market data, for 
example, from industry associations, public authorities or other organisations and institutions. We believe that 
our estimates of market data and information derived therefrom are helpful to give investors a better 
understanding of the industry in which we operate as well as our position within the industry. Although we 
believe that our internal market observations are reliable, our own estimates are not reviewed or verified by any 
external sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry or similar data presented 
herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including 
those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 18 ---
xviii 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 
We are the registered owner of, or have rights to, certain trademarks or trade names that we use in conjunction 
with the operation of our business. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Base 
Prospectus may appear without the “®” or “™” symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any 
way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the 
applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. Use or display by us of other parties’ trademarks, 
service marks or trade names is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or 
sponsorship by us of, the trademark, service mark or trade name owner. Each trademark, trade name or service 
mark of any other company appearing in this Base Prospectus is the property of its respective holder.

--- Page 19 ---
xix 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ....................................................................................................................................... i 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................. vii 
VOLCKER RULE .............................................................................................................................................. x 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................. xi 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................... xiv 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................xv 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................ xvi 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA .............................................................................................................. xvii 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES ..................................................................................................... xviii 
OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................78 
BUSINESS ........................................................................................................................................................80 
REGULATORY OVERVIEW ...........................................................................................................................93 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................103 
THE SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................................................108 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................................. 110 
BORROWER .................................................................................................................................................. 112 
HOLDCO ........................................................................................................................................................ 114 
TOPCO ............................................................................................................................................................ 115 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED .................................................................. 116 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION INSURANCE SERVICES LIMITED ....................................................... 118 
SUMMARY OF THE COMMON DOCUMENTS .........................................................................................120 
SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS ..........................................................................................205 
SUMMARY OF THE CREDIT AND LIQUIDITY SUPPORT DOCUMENTS ............................................216 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER CLASS A TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................220 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS ............................................................................................234 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................242 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES ............................................................................243 
FORMS OF THE CLASS A NOTES ..............................................................................................................287

--- Page 20 ---
xx 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURE ..............................................................................................293 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................296 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS .............................................................................................................298 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION ..............................................................................................................303 
DESCRIPTION OF LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS ..........................................................................305 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS ..............................................................................................................................308 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 311 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .......................................................................................................................316 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................318 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................................323 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................................................408

--- Page 21 ---
xxi 
[THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 22 ---
1 
OVERVIEW 
Overview of the Programme 
The Programme 
The Issuer has established the Programme to raise finance in 
the capital markets to fund advances to the Borrower under the 
Class A IBLAs (as defined below) to enable the Borrower to (i) 
directly or indirectly refinance Existing Indebtedness and/or to 
raise new indebtedness for any purpose permitted by the 
Transaction Documents and/or (ii) for general corporate 
purposes, including the funding of acquisitions and the making 
of Restricted Payments subject to the applicable conditions. 
The Class A IBLAs will form part of the capital structure of the 
Holdco Group, which will also incorporate revolving bank 
facilities, medium term bank debt and risk management 
hedging, which will rank pari passu with the Class A IBLAs. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time issue Class B 
Notes subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. For so 
long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, the Class B Notes 
will be subordinated to the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer has been incorporated as a special purpose company 
for the purpose of (i) issuing notes under the Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus, (ii) issuing the Class B Notes 
and (iii) on-lending the proceeds of such issuances to the 
Borrower in accordance with the Class A IBLAs and Class B 
IBLAs (as relevant). For further details of the Issuer, see the 
section entitled “The Issuer”. 
The Class A IBLAs and Use of 
Proceeds 
On or prior to each Issue Date on which the Issuer issues Class 
A Notes (the proceeds of which are intended to be on-lent to 
the Borrower), if such Class A Notes are not fungible with an 
existing Sub-Class of Class A Notes, then a new Class A IBLA 
will be entered into by the Issuer and the Borrower, amongst 
others, on substantially the same terms as the Initial Class A 
IBLA (subsequent Class A IBLAs along with the Initial Class 
A IBLA being the “Class A IBLAs” and each, a “Class A 
IBLA”). If on any Issue Date the Issuer issues Class A Notes 
which are fungible with an existing Sub-Class of Class A Notes, 
the proceeds of such issue will be lent to the Borrower as a 
further advance under the Class A IBLA corresponding to such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
 
The maturity date, redemption premium, interest rates and 
payment dates with respect to each advance made by the Issuer 
to the Borrower under a Class A IBLA (a “Class A IBLA 
Advance”), including any sub-advances (each, a “Class A 
IBLA Sub-Advance”), will correspond to the terms of the 
corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes and any Issuer

--- Page 23 ---
2 
Hedging Agreement in respect of which no back-to-back 
hedging arrangement has been entered into with Borrower. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations to repay principal of, and pay interest 
on, the Class A Notes are intended to be met primarily from the 
payments of principal and interest received from the Borrower 
under the corresponding Class A IBLA and payments received 
under any related Issuer Hedging Agreement and any back-to-
back hedging arrangements entered into with the Borrower in 
respect of such Issuer Hedging Agreement. The Obligors’ 
assets, which secure the Borrower’s obligations to pay under 
the Class A IBLAs, have characteristics that demonstrate 
capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and 
payable under the Class A IBLAs and, consequently, on the 
Class A Notes. 
 
Failure of the Borrower to repay a Class A IBLA Advance on 
the expected final maturity date in respect of such Class A IBLA 
will be a CTA Event of Default, although it will not, of itself, 
constitute a Class A Note Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The proceeds from each issue of Class A Notes under the 
Programme will be on-lent to the Borrower under the terms of 
a Class A IBLA. The Borrower will apply the proceeds of the 
Class A IBLA Advances under the Class A IBLAs: (a) to 
directly or indirectly refinance Existing Indebtedness and/or to 
raise new indebtedness for any purpose permitted by the 
Transaction Documents; and/or (b) for general corporate 
purposes including the funding of acquisitions and the making 
of Restricted Payments subject to the applicable conditions. 
 
For further details of the Class A IBLAs, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Finance Documents—Class A IBLAs”. 
The Senior Term Facility 
The Borrower and the STF Arrangers, amongst others, entered 
into the Senior Term Facility Agreement on 26 February 2021 
(which became effective from 10 March 2021) (the “Original 
Senior Term Facility Agreement”) under which a facility of 
up to £150,000,000 (the “Senior Term Facility”) was made 
available. The Senior Term Facility was drawn in full on 10 
March 2021 and applied to repay amounts outstanding under 
the 2018 Senior Term Facility Agreement. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Senior Term Facility was fully drawn. The 
Original Senior Term Facility Agreement was amended on 10 
February 2023 and the commitments under the Senior Term 
Facility were increased by £15,000,000 (the “New STF 
Commitments”) (the “STF Amendment Agreement”) and 
the Original Senior Term Facility Agreement as amended by the 
STF Amendment Agreement, the “Senior Term Facility 
Agreement”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the New 
STF Commitments were fully drawn.

--- Page 24 ---
3 
 
For further details of the Senior Term Facility Agreement, see 
the section entitled “Summary of the Finance Documents—
Senior Term Facility Agreement”. 
The Working Capital Facility 
The Borrower and the WCF Arrangers, amongst others, entered 
into the Working Capital Facility Agreement on 26 February 
2021 (which became effective from 10 March 2021) (the 
“Working Capital Facility Agreement”). The commitments 
under the Working Capital Facility Agreement replaced the 
existing commitments under the 2018 Working Capital Facility 
Agreement. The credit facility made available to the Borrower 
by the WCF Lenders under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement comprises a revolving working capital facility of up 
to £55,729,915 (the “Working Capital Facility”) (such 
amount capable of being reborrowed following repayment in 
accordance with the terms of the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement), which the Borrower must apply towards working 
capital purposes. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Working Capital Facility was undrawn. Subject to the terms of 
the Working Capital Facility Agreement and any document 
relating to or evidencing the terms of an ancillary facility, a 
WCF Lender may make available an ancillary facility to the 
Borrower in place of all or part of its commitment under the 
Working Capital Facility (each, a “WCF Ancillary Facility” 
and together the “WCF Ancillary Facilities”). The maximum 
aggregate amount of commitments of all WCF Lenders under 
the WCF Ancillary Facility is £10,000,000. 
 
For further details of the Working Capital Facility Agreement, 
see the section entitled “Summary of the Finance Documents—
Working Capital Facility Agreement”. 
The Liquidity Facility 
On 26 February 2021, the Issuer and the Borrower entered into 
the Original Liquidity Facility Agreement (which became 
effective from 10 March 2021) with, among others, the 
Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity Facility Agent, the 
Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Security Trustee and the 
Obligor Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Liquidity 
Facility Providers grant to the Borrower a revolving 364-day 
liquidity facility in an aggregate amount equal to £160,000,000 
(which is renewable annually) to permit drawings to be made 
(a) by the Issuer to fund any Issuer Liquidity Shortfall and 
(b) by the Borrower to fund any Borrower Liquidity Shortfall. 
The Original Liquidity Facility Agreement was amended on 6 
February 2023 and the commitments under the Liquidity 
Facility were increased by £15,000,000 (the “LF Amendment 
Agreement”) and the Original Liquidity Facility Agreement as 
amended by the LF Amendment Agreement, (the “Liquidity 
Facility Agreement”). On 7 June 2023, the commitments 
under the Liquidity Facility were increased by £25,000,000.

--- Page 25 ---
4 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement is available for a period of 
364 days after 8 March 2023, subject to renewal as described 
in “Summary of the Credit and Liquidity Support Documents—
Liquidity Facility Agreement-Renewal”. 
 
For further details of the Liquidity Facility, see the section 
entitled “Summary of the Credit and Liquidity Support 
Documents—Liquidity Facility Agreement”.  
Common Terms Agreement 
On 2 July 2013, each of the Obligors and the Obligor Senior 
Secured Creditors entered into a common terms agreement (the 
“CTA” or “Common Terms Agreement”). The CTA sets out 
the representations, covenants (positive, negative and 
financial), Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default which 
apply to each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than 
each Liquidity Facility, each Borrower Hedging Agreement and 
each OCB Hedging Agreement). 
 
For further details of the Common Terms Agreement, see the 
section entitled “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement”. 
Security Trust and  
Intercreditor Deed 
On 2 July 2013, each of the Obligors and the Obligor Secured 
Creditors entered into a security trust and intercreditor deed 
(the “STID” or the “Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). 
The STID sets out the intercreditor arrangements in respect of 
the Holdco Group and the Obligor Secured Creditors (the 
“Intercreditor 
Arrangements”). 
The 
Intercreditor 
Arrangements will bind each of the Obligor Secured Creditors 
and each of the Obligors. 
 
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, 
among other things: (a) the claims of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors; (b) the exercise, acceleration and enforcement of 
rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors; (c) the rights of the 
Obligor Secured Creditors to instruct the Obligor Security 
Trustee; (d) the Entrenched Rights and the Reserved Matters of 
the Obligor Secured Creditors; and (e) the giving of consents 
and waivers and the making of modifications to the Common 
Documents. 
 
The Intercreditor Arrangements also provide for the ranking in 
point of payment of the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors 
both before and after the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice 
and for the subordination of all claims of Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors. 
 
For further details of the STID, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed”. 
 
In addition, the STID regulates Topco and the Topco Secured 
Creditors, including the enforcement of the Topco Security. For

--- Page 26 ---
5 
further details, see the section entitled “Description of Other 
Indebtedness”. 
Guarantees 
The Obligors cross-guarantee the Borrower’s obligations under 
the Obligor Secured Liabilities to the extent required to ensure 
that the aggregate EBITDA of the Obligors shall at no time fall 
below 90% of the consolidated EBITDA of the Holdco Group. 
In addition, each member of the Holdco Group which 
represents 5% or more of the consolidated EBITDA of the 
Holdco Group is required to become an Obligor. 
Principal Security for the Obligors’ 
Obligations 
The Obligor Secured Liabilities are secured principally 
pursuant to a security agreement dated 2 July 2013 (the 
“Obligor Security Agreement”) between, among others, the 
Obligors and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (in its 
capacity as security trustee for the Obligor Secured Creditors 
(as defined below)) (the “Obligor Security Trustee”). 
 
For further details of the security for the obligations of the 
Obligors under the Finance Documents, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Finance Documents—Obligor Security 
Agreement”. 
Hedging 
Pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement, the Borrower, each 
other member of the Holdco Group and the Issuer are subject 
to a hedging policy (the “Hedging Policy”) such that (unless 
the Hedging Policy requires or permits otherwise) at all times 
the Borrower and the Issuer (taken together) are hedged as 
regards interest rate risk in relation to the total outstanding 
Relevant Debt denominated in GBP so that (a) a minimum of 
75% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in 
GBP is hedged pursuant to Hedging Transactions for a term no 
less than the shorter of (i) the average maturity of the Relevant 
Debt denominated in GBP and (ii) three years, and (b) at all 
times, the aggregate notional amount of Hedging Transactions 
in respect of interest rate risk does not exceed 110% of the total 
Relevant Debt denominated in GBP. In respect of the currency 
risk in relation to interest payable and the repayment of 
principal in relation to the total outstanding Relevant Debt 
which is denominated in a currency other than GBP (a 
“Foreign Currency”), at all times the Borrower and the Issuer 
(taken together) must hedge such currency risk so that (a) a 
minimum of 100% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt 
denominated in a Foreign Currency is hedged pursuant to 
Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the shorter of (i) 
the average maturity of the Relevant Debt which is 
denominated in a Foreign Currency and (ii) three years, and (b) 
at all times, the aggregate notional amount of Hedging 
Transactions does not exceed 110% of the total Relevant Debt 
denominated in a Foreign Currency.

--- Page 27 ---
6 
 
The Obligors may also enter into Commodity Hedging 
Transactions and/or FX Hedging Transactions for the purpose 
of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of business from 
exposures to fluctuations in the price of commodities and/or 
foreign exchange rates (collectively, the “OCB Secured 
Capped Hedging Transactions”) subject to the OCB Secured 
Transaction Cap as determined pursuant to the Hedging Policy 
(after taking into account any Offsetting Transaction or any 
Overlay Transaction). 
 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group 
may also enter into Treasury Transactions for the purposes of 
hedging other risks arising in the ordinary course at the Holdco 
Group’s business (the “OCB Treasury Transactions”). 
 
The obligations of the Obligors under the OCB Secured 
Capped Hedging Transactions and OCB Treasury Transactions 
(collectively, the “OCB Secured Hedging Transactions”) will 
be secured by the Obligor Security. 
 
For further details of the Treasury Transactions, see the section 
entitled “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”. 
 
For the purposes of the above, “Relevant Debt” means any 
principal amount outstanding (without double counting) under 
the Class A Notes, each Class A IBLA, any debt under any other 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility and any other debt incurred 
by the Issuer, the Borrower and/or any PP Note Issuer from time 
to time that bears interest at a floating rate or is denominated in 
a Foreign Currency and in either case that ranks pari passu with 
the foregoing (other than (i) any Liquidity Facility, (ii) any 
Hedging Agreement, (iii) any OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement, (iv) any amounts payable to the Issuer by way of 
the Fifth Facility Fee in accordance with the STID, (v) any 
amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee 
in accordance with the STID and (vi) any back-to-back hedge 
agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower). 
 
For further details of the Hedging Policy, see the section 
entitled “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement— Cash Management—Hedging Policy”. 
Class B Notes 
In addition to the issue of Class A Notes and the entry into the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, the Issuer may issue Class B Notes 
and on-lend the proceeds to the Borrower under a Class B 
IBLA. 
 
For so long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, the Class B 
Notes will be subordinated to the Class A Notes. For so long as 
any Class A Authorised Credit Facility is outstanding (other

--- Page 28 ---
7 
than where the amounts outstanding under the Class A 
Authorised Credit Facilities relate to Subordinated Liquidity 
Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any Class B IBLA 
will be subordinated to the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities.  
The Class B Notes are not, and will not be, subject to an offer 
or sale pursuant to this Base Prospectus.  
For further details see the section “Description of Other 
Indebtedness”. 
Issuer Security 
The Issuer has given first-ranking security over all of its assets 
to the Issuer Security Trustee for the benefit of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors, including the Class A Noteholders and, on a 
contractually subordinated basis, the Class B Noteholders. The 
holders of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes or Class B Notes 
will not be Issuer Secured Creditors until the date on which the 
Issuer makes an IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the 
corresponding IBLA. 
 
In addition to the Issuer Security, the Class B Noteholders will 
benefit indirectly from security granted by Topco to the Obligor 
Security Trustee over the entire issued share capital of Holdco. 
Governing law 
The Common Documents (other than the TAAL Share Security 
Agreement) and the Issuer Transaction Documents (other than 
the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
are governed by English law. The TAAL Share Security 
Agreement and the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement are 
governed by Jersey law.

--- Page 29 ---
8 
Transaction Structure Diagram 
The following diagram is a simplified summary of our corporate and principal financing structure, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. The diagram does not include all of the companies in the AA Group or the Holdco 
Group and does not include all of our debt obligations. For a summary of the debt obligations identified in this 
diagram, see “Summary of the Common Documents”, “Summary of the Finance Documents”, “Summary of the 
Issuer Class A Transaction Documents” and “Description of Other Indebtedness”. Investors should note that 
AADL and AAISL comprise 61% of Adjusted EBITDA and 59% of Reported EBITDA1 of the Holdco Group 
for the year ended 31 January 2023 and are the main entities which are funding the Borrower. 
 
 
1  Reported EBITDA is profit before tax on a continuing basis as reported, adjusted for depreciation, amortisation of other intangible assets, 
adjusting operating items, share-based payments, pension service charge adjustments, impairment of property, plant and equipment, 
impairment of intangible assets, net finance costs and tax expense. Adjusted EBITDA is further adjusted for amortisation of customer 
acquisition costs relating to third party commissions and fees and has been presented as a new additional alternative performance measure in 
the year ended 31 January 2023 to enable a more consistent comparison of performance across the industry.

--- Page 30 ---
9 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Basing Consortiumco Limited is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey owned in equal 
shares by TowerBrook Funds and Warburg Pincus Funds. It has no independent business operations. 
(2) 
Basing Topco Limited is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. It has no independent 
business operations. The Consortium indirectly owns, through ConsortiumCo, 84% of the share capital of Basing 
Topco with the remainder held by eligible shareholders of the AA. 
(3) 
Basing Bidco Limited (“Bidco”) is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. It has no 
independent business operations. 
(4) 
AA Limited is a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales. Bidco 
owns 100% of the issued ordinary share capital of AA Limited. 
(5) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Term Facility (including the New STF Commitments)] was fully 
drawn with £165 million outstanding.  See “Summary of the Finance Documents –Senior Term Facility Agreement”. 
(6) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Working Capital Facility was undrawn, notwithstanding that a £10 million 
ancillary facility is in place to secure certain letters of credit. 
(7) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total of £1,880 million Class A Notes were in issuance.  
(8) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total of £280 million Class B3 Notes were in issuance.  
(9) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Liquidity Facility was undrawn. 
(10) As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the variable interest rate element of borrowings under the Senior Term Facility 
was fully hedged by the Borrower. The Issuer has no hedging arrangements in place.  
(11) Non-Obligor subsidiaries may not represent more than 10% of the EBITDA of the Holdco Group. Non-Obligor 
subsidiaries may be direct subsidiaries of any of the Obligors.

--- Page 31 ---
10 
Key Characteristics of the Programme 
Issuer 
AA Bond Co Limited, a public limited company incorporated in 
Jersey with limited liability (registration number 112992) having 
its registered office at 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, 
JE4 9WG. The shares of the Issuer are 100% legally and 
beneficially owned by Holdco. The Issuer is tax resident in the 
UK. 
The Borrower 
AA Senior Co Limited, a private company incorporated in 
England and Wales with limited liability (registration number 
05663655), having its registered office at Fanum House, Basing 
View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA. The shares of the 
Borrower are 100% legally and beneficially owned by 
Intermediate Holdco. The Borrower is tax resident in the UK. 
Intermediate Holdco 
AA Acquisition Co Limited, a private company incorporated in 
England and Wales with limited liability (registration number 
5018987), having its registered office at Fanum House, Basing 
View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA. The shares of 
Intermediate Holdco are 100% legally and beneficially owned by 
Holdco. Intermediate Holdco is tax resident in the UK. 
Holdco 
AA Intermediate Co Limited, a private company incorporated in 
England and Wales with limited liability (registration number 
05148845) having its registered office at Fanum House, Basing 
View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA. The shares of 
Holdco are 100% legally and beneficially owned by Topco. 
Holdco is tax resident in the UK. 
Holdco Group 
Holdco and each of its Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer) (the 
“Holdco Group”). 
Holdco Security Group 
The Borrower and each other Obligor (the “Holdco Security 
Group”). 
Holdco Group Agent 
Automobile Association Developments Limited (the “Holdco 
Group Agent”). 
Guarantee of Obligor Secured 
Liabilities 
Each member of the Holdco Security Group has cross-
guaranteed the Borrower’s and Obligors’ obligations under the 
Obligor Secured Liabilities to the extent required to ensure that 
the aggregate EBITDA of the Obligors shall at no time fall below 
90% of the consolidated EBITDA of the Holdco Group to the 
Obligor Security Trustee. Holdco and Intermediate Holdco will 
also be Obligors. None of the Obligors and no other member of 
the Holdco Group will guarantee the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Class A Notes. 
Obligors 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group that 
is party to the CTA and the STID as an Obligor in accordance 
with the terms of the Transaction Documents (each an “Obligor” 
and together the “Obligors”).

--- Page 32 ---
11 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Credit Suisse International, J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc.  
Class A Noteholders 
Subject to the paragraphs below, holders of the Class A Notes 
issued by the Issuer from time to time (each, a “Class A 
Noteholder” and together the “Class A Noteholders”). 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, the holders of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
shall not be considered Issuer Secured Creditors or Qualifying 
Issuer Senior Creditors until the date on which the proceeds of 
the issuance of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes have 
been released from escrow and advanced to the Borrower under 
the corresponding Class A IBLA. In addition, until such date, the 
holders of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall not be 
considered Class A Noteholders in relation to the modification of 
any Common Documents and/or Issuer Transaction Documents, 
the enforcement of the Obligor Security and/or the Issuer 
Security and/or the acceleration of the Class A Notes. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Class A Notes—If the 
Escrow Release Conditions are not satisfied in relation to any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the Issuer will be required to redeem 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, which means that you 
may not obtain the return you expect on the relevant Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes.”, “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Class A 
Notes—If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes until the relevant Class A Closing Date, the holders of 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured 
Creditors” and “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Class A 
Notes—If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) the relevant Class 
A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, all 
obligations of the Issuer to the relevant holders of such Sub-
Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the Escrow 
Secured Property (as defined below)”. 
STF Lenders 
The lenders under the Senior Term Facility Agreement (the “STF 
Lenders”). 
WCF Lenders 
The lenders under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the 
“WCF Lenders”). 
STF Arrangers 
The arrangers under the Senior Term Facility Agreement (the 
“STF Arrangers ”).

--- Page 33 ---
12 
WCF Arrangers 
The arrangers under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the 
“WCF Arrangers”). 
STF Agent 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (the “STF Agent”). 
WCF Agent 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (the “WCF Agent”). 
Class A Authorised Credit  
Providers 
The “Class A Authorised Credit Providers” will comprise 
lenders or other providers of credit or financial accommodation 
under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (and will include 
the Issuer, the STF Lenders, the WCF Lenders, the Liquidity 
Facility Providers and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties). 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors 
The Obligor Secured Creditors other than the Issuer in respect of 
the Class B IBLA(s) and any other Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider. “Obligor Senior Secured Creditor” means any one of 
them. 
Obligor Secured Creditors 
The secured creditors of the Obligors (the “Obligor Secured 
Creditors”) will comprise the Obligor Security Trustee (in its 
own capacity and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured 
Creditors), the Issuer, the STF Lenders, the WCF Lenders, the 
WCF Agent, the STF Agent, the WCF Arrangers, the STF 
Arrangers, each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, each OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider 
and the Liquidity Facility Agent under each Liquidity Facility 
Agreement in respect of amounts owed to each of them by the 
Borrower from time to time, the Borrower Account Bank, any 
replacement Cash Manager who is not a member of the Holdco 
Group, each other Authorised Credit Provider, any Additional 
Obligor Secured Creditors, any Receiver or delegate of a 
Receiver or Obligor Secured Creditor and any other entity which 
provides funding to the Borrower and accedes to the STID from 
time to time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors). 
Issuer Secured Creditors 
The secured creditors of the Issuer (the “Issuer Secured 
Creditors”) will comprise the Class A Noteholders, the Class B 
Noteholders, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other 
Issuer Secured Creditors), each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, each 
Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent 
under the Liquidity Facility Agreement in respect of amounts 
owed to each of them by the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class B 
Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class B 
Transfer Agent, the Class A Registrar, the Class B Registrar and 
Class A Agent Bank and any Calculation Agent under a 
Calculation Agency Agreement and any additional agents 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer Cash 
Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider, the Issuer Corporate

--- Page 34 ---
13 
Officer Provider or any other person which accedes to the Issuer 
Deed of Charge as an Issuer Secured Creditor after the Closing 
Date or who becomes a Class A Noteholder or a Class B 
Noteholder after the Closing Date. The holders of any Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes or Class B Notes will not be Issuer Secured 
Creditors until the date on which the Issuer makes an IBLA 
Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding IBLA. 
Obligor Security Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee 
appointed pursuant to terms of the Obligor Security Agreement, 
the STID and any other document evidencing or creating security 
over any asset of an Obligor to secure any obligation of any 
Obligor to an Obligor Secured Creditor in respect of the Obligor 
Secured Liabilities (the “Obligor Security Documents”)) will 
act as security trustee for itself and on behalf of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors and will hold, and will be entitled to enforce, 
the security provided by the Obligors subject to the terms of the 
Obligor Security Documents. 
Class A Note Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed) will act as 
Class A Note Trustee for and on behalf of the Class A 
Noteholders. 
Issuer Security Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) will act as 
security trustee (the “Issuer Security Trustee”) for itself and on 
behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors and holds, and will be 
entitled to enforce, the Issuer Security subject to the terms of the 
Issuer Security Documents. 
Hedge Counterparties 
Each Issuer Hedge Counterparty or, as the context may require, 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty (each, a “Hedge 
Counterparty,” and together the “Hedge Counterparties”). 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties 
Any hedge counterparty to any Borrower Hedging Agreement 
which has acceded as a Hedge Counterparty to the STID and to 
the CTA (each a “Borrower Hedge Counterparty” and together 
the “Borrower Hedge Counterparties”) from time to time. 
 
A “Borrower Hedging Agreement” means an ISDA Master 
Agreement, substantially in the form of the pro forma Hedging 
Agreement (as amended from time to time) entered into by the 
Borrower and a Borrower Hedge Counterparty in accordance 
with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each 
relevant Borrower Hedging Transaction is entered into) and 
which governs the Borrower Hedging Transactions between such 
parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA 
Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the 
Borrower Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA 
Master Agreement.

--- Page 35 ---
14 
Issuer Hedge Counterparties 
Any counterparty to any Issuer Hedging Agreement which has 
acceded as a hedge counterparty to the Issuer Deed of Charge 
(each an “Issuer Hedge Counterparty” and together the 
“Issuer Hedge Counterparties”) from time to time. 
 
An “Issuer Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master 
Agreement substantially in the form of the pro-forma Hedging 
Agreement to the Hedging Policy (as amended from time to 
time) entered into by the Issuer and an Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form 
in effect at the time each relevant Issuer Hedging Transaction is 
entered into) and which governs the Issuer Hedging Transactions 
between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the 
relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations 
evidencing the Issuer Hedging Transactions entered into under 
such ISDA Master Agreement. 
Issuer Account Bank 
Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed 
pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank Agreement) (the “Issuer 
Account Bank”). 
Borrower Account Bank 
Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed 
pursuant to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement) (the 
“Borrower Account Bank”). 
Cash Manager and Issuer Cash 
Manager 
Automobile Association Developments Limited, a company 
registered in England and Wales with registered number 
1878835, or any substitute cash manager appointed in 
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement. 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) 
The lenders under the Liquidity Facility Agreement from time to 
time. 
Class A Registrar 
In relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Registered Notes, 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas or, if applicable, any 
successor registrar appointed in relation to any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes. 
Class A Transfer Agent 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (or any successor 
Class A Transfer Agent appointed pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents) will act as Class A Transfer Agent and provide 
certain transfer agency services to the Issuer in respect of any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes issued in registered form. 
Class A Principal Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch will act as Class A Principal 
Paying Agent (or any successor Class A Principal Paying Agent 
appointed pursuant to the Class A Agency Agreement) (the 
“Class A Principal Paying Agent”) and, together with any other 
paying agent appointed by the Issuer from time to time (each, a 
“Class A Paying Agent”), will provide certain issue and paying 
agency services to the Issuer in respect of the Class A Notes. 
Rating Agency 
S&P.

--- Page 36 ---
15 
Programme Size 
Up to £5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Class A Notes outstanding at any 
time as increased from time to time by the Issuer. 
Purpose 
The Issuer has entered into the Programme to fund advances to 
the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs: 
 
(a) to enable the Borrower to directly or indirectly to refinance 
existing indebtedness and/or to raise new indebtedness for 
any purpose permitted by the Transaction Documents; 
and/or  
(b) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower, including 
the funding of acquisitions and the making of Restricted 
Payments subject to the applicable conditions. 
Issuance in tranches and  
Sub-Classes 
Class A Notes issued under the Programme will form a single 
class and be issued in tranches on each Issue Date. Each Sub-
Class may comprise one or more tranches issued on different 
Issue Dates. Class A Notes issued after the initial issuance may 
be fungible with the Class A Notes issued on or after the Closing 
Date or may be issued on different terms in accordance with the 
Class A Note Trust Deed. 
 
On each Issue Date, the Issuer will issue the Sub-Classes of Class 
A Notes set out in the Final Terms or relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus published on the relevant Issue Date. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Class A Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time, including the restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
 
Class A Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Form and Status of  
Class A Notes 
The Class A Notes will constitute unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer. Class A Notes will rank pari passu without preference 
or priority in point of security amongst themselves and will be 
issued in bearer or registered form. 
 
Class A Notes issued in registered form shall not be 
exchangeable for Class A Notes issued in bearer form.

--- Page 37 ---
16 
 
The Class A Notes represent the right of the holders of such Class 
A Notes to receive interest (where applicable) and principal 
payments from the Issuer in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Class A Notes and the Class A Note Trust Deed 
entered into by the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee in 
connection with the Programme, as supplemented by a First 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 April 2014, a 
Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 
November 2016 and a Third Supplemental Class A Note Trust 
Deed dated 1 July 2021 (the “Class A Note Trust Deed”). 
Currencies 
Sterling, Euro or U.S. Dollars and, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
Class A Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: 
(a) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final 
Terms; or 
(b) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. 
Denomination of  
Class A Notes 
Class A Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements applicable to the currency of 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Class A Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, shall have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
£100,000, €100,000, U.S.$200,000 or not less than the 
equivalent of €100,000 in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Class A Notes. 
Maturities 
Subject to any applicable law or regulation applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant specified currency, the Class A Notes will 
have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, as set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
In certain circumstances, where Class A Notes have a maturity 
of less than one year, such Class A Notes will be subject to 
limitations to ensure the Issuer complies with section 19 of the 
FSMA. For further details please see the United Kingdom selling 
restrictions as set out in the “Subscription and Sale” section of 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus for any particular Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes. 
Issue Price 
Class A Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
17 
Interest 
Class A Notes will be interest-bearing and interest will be 
calculated (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus) on the Principal Amount Outstanding 
(as defined in the Class A Conditions) of such Class A Notes. 
Interest will accrue at a fixed rate and will be payable in arrear, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
 
Class A Notes may accrue interest at a different fixed rate 
following the Expected Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes. 
Class A Note Interest Periods and 
Payment Dates 
Such interest periods and interest payment dates as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer may agree in relation to a particular Sub-
Class of Class A Notes. 
Expected Maturity 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(a) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Expected Maturity”), unless previously redeemed in full, 
purchased or cancelled, each Sub-Class of Class A Notes is 
scheduled to be redeemed on the Expected Maturity Date for 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. However, if an Expected 
Maturity Date (falling prior to the Final Maturity Date) is 
specified in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and they are not 
redeemed on the Expected Maturity Date, no Class A Note Event 
of Default will occur as a result of any Class A Notes not being 
redeemed on their Expected Maturity Date and such Class A 
Notes will thereafter accrue interest at a different rate as set out 
in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus applicable to such 
Class A Notes. 
Final Redemption 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(b) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Final Redemption”), if a Sub-Class of Class A Notes has not 
previously been redeemed in full, purchased or cancelled, such 
Sub-Class shall be finally redeemed at its Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Final 
Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. If a Sub-Class of Class A Notes are not 
redeemed in full by their Final Maturity Date there will be a 
Class A Note Event of Default. 
Optional Redemption 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(c) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Optional Redemption”), the Issuer may (prior to the Expected

--- Page 39 ---
18 
Maturity Date applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes) redeem any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole or in 
part (but on a pro rata basis only) upon giving not more than 60 
nor less than 15 days’ prior written notice to the Class A Note 
Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A 
Noteholders on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date at their 
Redemption Amount (as defined in the Class A Conditions). If 
and for so long as the Borrower has not satisfied the Class A 
Restricted Payment Condition, any optional redemption of the 
Class A Notes will be required to be made on a pro rata basis. 
 
An optional redemption will be subject to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount and there being no Class A Note Event of 
Default, CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of 
Default. 
Modified Optional Redemption 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(k) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Modified Optional Redemption”) the Issuer may (prior to the 
Expected Maturity Date applicable to a particular Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes) redeem all but not some only of any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes in whole on the Call Date or Call Dates at the 
Redemption Amount in each case specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of the relevant Call Date. 
A modified optional redemption will be subject to the payment 
of the Redemption Amount and there being no Class A Note 
Event of Default, CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event 
of Default. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(k) (see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Modified Optional Redemption”), “Call Date” 
means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable 
to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes on which all the Class A 
Notes in any particular Sub-Class can be redeemed by the Issuer 
before the Expected Maturity Date pursuant to Class A Note 
Condition 7(k) (see “Terms and Conditions of the Class A 
Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Modified 
Optional Redemption”). 
Early Redemption on Prepayment of 
Class A IBLA 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(e) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Early Redemption on Prepayment of a Class A IBLA”), if: 
 
(a) the Borrower gives notice to the Issuer under a Class A 
IBLA that it intends to voluntarily prepay all or part of any 
Class A IBLA Advance or the Borrower is required to 
prepay all or part of any Class A IBLA Advance; and 
 
(b) in each case, such advance was funded by the Issuer from 
the proceeds of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes,

--- Page 40 ---
19 
 
the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 10 nor less than 5 
Business Days’ notice to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer 
Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders, (where such 
advance is being prepaid in whole) redeem all of the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes or (where part only of such advance 
is being prepaid) the proportion of the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes which the proposed prepayment amount bears to 
the amount of the relevant advance at the applicable amount. 
 
In the case of a voluntary prepayment of all or part of any Class 
A IBLA Advance and in certain other circumstances the 
Borrower shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the 
Redemption Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest on the 
relevant Class A IBLA Advance to the date of prepayment. 
Early Redemption following Loan 
Enforcement Notice 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(f) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Early redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice”) if the 
Issuer receives (or is to receive) any monies from any Obligor 
following the service of a Loan Enforcement Notice in 
repayment of all or any part of a Class A IBLA Advance in 
accordance with the STID, the Issuer shall, upon giving not more 
than 10 nor less than 5 days’ notice to the Class A Note Trustee, 
the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders apply 
such moneys to redeem the then outstanding Class A Notes 
corresponding to the Class A IBLA Advance at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest on the next 
Class A Note Interest Payment Date (or, if sooner, Final Maturity 
Date). 
Mandatory Redemption 
If a Sub-Class of Class A Notes is not redeemed in full on the 
Expected Maturity Date of such Sub-Class, such Class A Notes 
will be redeemed at par in an amount corresponding to amounts 
(if any) received from the Borrower under the Class A IBLA 
from time to time. 
Special Mandatory Redemption 
As more particularly set out in Class A Condition 7(l) (see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation—Special Mandatory Redemption”), 
if Special Mandatory Redemption is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for a Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes and a Special Mandatory Redemption Event 
occurs, such Class A Notes will be redeemed at the Special 
Mandatory Redemption Price specified in the Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes. 
Redemption for Taxation or Other 
Reasons 
As more particularly set out in Class A Condition 7(d) (see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation—Redemption for Taxation or Other 
Reasons”), if the Issuer satisfies the Class A Note Trustee that:

--- Page 41 ---
20 
 
(a) the Issuer would become obliged to deduct or withhold 
from any payment of interest or principal in respect of the 
Class A Notes (other than in respect of default interest), any 
amount for or on account of Taxes by the laws or 
regulations of the UK or Jersey or any political subdivision 
thereof, or any other authority thereof by reason of any 
change in or amendment to such laws or regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction); 
 
(b) by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on 
or after the Closing Date, the Issuer is no longer a 
“securitisation company” (as defined in the Taxation of 
Securitisation 
Companies 
Regulations 
2006 
(SI 
2006/3296) (the “Regulations”)) and is otherwise unable 
to claim a tax treatment in the United Kingdom that would 
prevent a material increase in the Tax liabilities of the Issuer 
compared to the treatment previously provided to the Issuer 
under such Regulations; 
 
(c) by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on 
or after the Closing Date, the Borrower would on the next 
Class A Interest Payment Date be required to make any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any Taxes 
from payments in respect of a Class A IBLA; 
 
(d) by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on 
or after the Closing Date, an Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
would be entitled to terminate a Hedging Agreement in 
accordance with its terms as a result of the Issuer or the 
Issuer Hedge Counterparty being required to make any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any Taxes 
from payments in respect of an Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
or 
 
(e) by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on 
or after the Closing Date, it has or will become unlawful for 
the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under any Class 
A IBLA or to fund or to maintain its participation in the 
Class A IBLA Advances, 
 
the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 15 nor less than 5 
Business Days’ prior written notice to the Class A Note Trustee, 
the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes—Notices”), redeem all (but not

--- Page 42 ---
21 
some only) of the affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes on any 
Interest Payment Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding 
plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon. 
Class A Note Purchases 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(g) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Purchase of Class A Notes”), provided no CTA Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer, the Borrower and any 
other members of the Holdco Group will be permitted to 
purchase any of the Class A Notes in the open market. If the 
purchaser of the Class A Notes is the Issuer, it shall cancel such 
Class A Notes and, if the purchaser of the Class A Notes is the 
Borrower or any other member of the Holdco Group, it shall 
surrender the Class A Notes to the Issuer and the Issuer shall 
cancel such Class A Notes and, in each case, a corresponding 
amount of the advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA 
attributable to the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Note will be 
treated as prepaid at par. 
 
Any Class A Note purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Borrower or any other member of the Holdco Group shall, for so 
long as it is held by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Borrower or 
any other member of the Holdco Group, cease to have any voting 
rights and shall be excluded from any quorum or voting 
calculations set out in the Class A Conditions, the Class A Note 
Trust Deed or the STID, as the case may be. 
Class B Note Call Option 
As set out in Class A Condition 7(h) (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—
Class B Call Option”) and subject to the conditions described 
therein, upon the occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger 
Event, the Class B Noteholders have the option (the “Class B 
Call Option”) to purchase all (but not some only) of the Class A 
Notes and the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (excluding 
any Class A IBLA) subject to certain conditions. If the Class B 
Call Option is exercised, the relevant Class A Noteholders and 
the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Provider, as the case may 
be, will be obliged to sell all (but not some only) of their holdings 
of such Class A Notes and such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility to the relevant Class B Noteholders. 
 
For further details of the Class B Call Option see “Summary of 
the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of 
Charge—Class B Call Option”. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of Class A Notes will be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future Taxes unless and save to the extent that 
the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay additional 
amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 43 ---
22 
Issuer Security 
The obligations of the Issuer (including, on a contractually 
subordinated basis, the obligations of the Issuer under the Class 
B Notes) are secured pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge and 
the other Issuer Security Documents. The Issuer has granted 
first-ranking security by way of, among other things, (i) 
assignments by way of security of its rights under the Class A 
IBLAs, the Liquidity Facility Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (ii) a fixed (which 
may take effect as a floating) charge over the Issuer Accounts 
(depending on the relevant account), and over Cash Equivalent 
Investments together with (iii) a floating charge over all of its 
assets to the extent not effectively charged or assigned by way of 
fixed security, in each case, in favour of the Issuer Security 
Trustee to be held on trust for the benefit of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors. 
Covenants 
The representations, warranties, covenants and events of default 
which will apply to the Class A Notes are set out in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed (see “Summary of the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents—Class A Note Trust Deed”). 
Distribution 
Class A Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Listing 
It is expected that the Class A Notes issued under the Programme 
will be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Ratings 
The rating assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agency 
reflect only the views of the Rating Agency. The rating of a 
particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
S&P is registered with the FCA as a credit rating agency under 
the UK CRA Regulation. S&P GREL is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.  S&P GREL currently endorses the ratings issued by 
S&P pursuant to and in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and will depend, among other things, on certain underlying 
characteristics of the business and financial condition of the 
Holdco Group. A rating may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
Class A Note Events of Default 
Each of the following events of default constitutes a “Class A 
Note Event of Default”: 
 
(a) non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 
5 Business Days in the payment of interest or principal on 
any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes when due in accordance 
with the Class A Conditions;

--- Page 44 ---
23 
 
(b) breach of other obligations: default is made by the Issuer 
in the performance or observance of any other obligation, 
condition, provision, representation or warranty binding 
upon or made by it under the Class A Notes or the Issuer 
Class A Transaction Documents (other than any obligation 
whose breach would give rise to the Class A Note Event of 
Default provided for in Class A Condition 10(a)(i) (see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Class A Note 
Events of Default—Class A Note Event of Default—Non-
payment”)) and, except where in the opinion of the Class A 
Note Trustee that such default is not capable of remedy, 
such default continues for a period of 30 Business Days 
and, in either case, provided that the Class A Note Trustee 
shall have determined that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders; 
 
(c) Issuer Insolvency Event: an Issuer Insolvency Event 
occurs; or 
 
(d) unlawfulness: it is, or will become, unlawful for the Issuer 
to perform or comply with any of its obligations under or 
in respect of the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents (as defined in the Class A 
Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions 
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). The 
Class A Notes may be offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S.  
There are also restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Class A Notes in the EEA, the United Kingdom, Jersey and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” below. 
Investor Information 
The Holdco Group Agent, is required to produce an Investor 
Report semi-annually on each Reporting Date which will be 
posted on the Designated Website. The Holdco Group Agent is 
also required to publish annual audited accounts and an auditors’ 
report along with semi-annual unaudited accounts and 
compliance certificates.

--- Page 45 ---
24 
RISK FACTORS  
An investment in the Class A Notes involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information in this 
Base Prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Class A Notes. 
The occurrence of any of the events discussed below could materially adversely affect our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we believe we are exposed 
to. Additional risks that are not currently known to us, or that we currently consider to be immaterial (based on 
our regular risk assessment), could significantly impair our business activities and have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any one of these events occurs, the 
trading price of the Class A Notes could decline and we may not be able to pay interest or principal on Class A 
Notes when due, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
This Base Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and estimates 
and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in 
these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, the risks described 
below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy may have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Holdco Group operates almost exclusively in the UK and will be required to do so in the future in 
accordance with the terms governing our indebtedness. This means our success is closely tied to general 
economic developments in the UK and cannot be offset by developments in other markets. Negative 
developments in, or the general weakness of, the UK economy and, in particular, high inflation, higher 
unemployment, lower household income and lower consumer spending may have a direct negative impact on 
our operational cost base, as well as the spending patterns of personal members and business customers, both 
in terms of the services they subscribe for and the amount of insurance and other products they purchase. Any 
negative economic developments in the UK could reduce consumer confidence, and thereby could negatively 
affect earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Spending on recreational travel and roadside assistance services is discretionary and price-sensitive. Conditions 
reducing disposable income or consumer confidence, such as an increase in interest rates, unemployment rates, 
direct or indirect taxation, fuel prices or other costs of living, may therefore lead to customers reducing or 
stopping their spending on recreational travel and roadside assistance services or opting for lower-cost products 
and services. 
Economic uncertainty is expected to remain high as a result of geopolitical risks arising from the Russian war 
on Ukraine, the current inflation, cost of living and energy prices crises and we will continue to monitor the 
situation closely. The International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) has indicated it expects the UK economy will 
contract by 0.6% in 2023. A weak economy or negative economic development could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any deterioration in the UK economic and financial market conditions may: 
 
result in higher costs for us as a result of inflation, including but not limited, to fuel prices for our Fleet, 
higher energy and other utility prices for our operational sites, and other cost inflation which may have 
an adverse impact on the results of operations;

--- Page 46 ---
25 
 
cause financial difficulties for our suppliers and business partners, which may result in their failure to 
perform as planned and, consequently, create delays in the delivery of our products and services; 
 
result in increased cost of living for UK consumers, leading to a decrease in discretionary spending 
including on the products and services we offer;  
 
result in an increase in the average age of vehicles covered by us leading to an increased volume of 
breakdowns, and/or increase in cost to serve those breakdowns; 
 
result in an increase in claim costs borne by our underwriter, which may affect the Holdco Group by 
increasing costs incurred by the business in delivering our services and reducing the propensity of our 
customers to renew or take out new policies; 
 
result in inefficiencies due to a deterioration in our ability to forecast developments in the markets in 
which we operate and failure to adjust our costs appropriately; 
 
cause reductions in the future valuations of our investments and assets and result in impairment charges 
related to goodwill or other assets due to any significant underperformance relative to our historical or 
projected future results or any significant changes in our use of assets or our business strategy; 
 
result in new, increased or more volatile taxes, which could negatively impact our effective tax rate, 
including the possibility of new tax regulations, interpretations of regulations that are stricter or 
increased effort by governmental bodies seeking to collect taxes more aggressively; and 
 
result in increased customer requests for reduced pricing and reduced renewal rates if these requests for 
reduced pricing are not granted. 
UK’s exit from the EU could disrupt the ability of AA Underwriting Insurance Company Limited 
to access the UK market which would restrict business for our underwriter.  
AA Underwriting Insurance Company Limited (“AAUICL”), a Gibraltar company that is part of the AA Group 
and which participates in our insurance underwriting panel, accesses the UK market through its Solvency II 
passporting rights as well as other non-UK domiciled members of our insurance underwriting panels. The UK 
government consulted in 2020 on the Gibraltar Authorisation Regime (“GAR”) to deliver on the UK 
government’s commitment to enable Gibraltar-based financial services firms to continue accessing the UK 
market after the expiration of the Brexit transition period. Existing transitional arrangements have been 
extended again until 31 December 2023 and are expected to remain in place until the permanent arrangements 
of the GAR are implemented therefore there still remains uncertainty in relation to the long-term capacity for 
AAUICL to continue to provide insurance business in the United Kingdom. In the long-term, it is expected that 
the United Kingdom and Gibraltar will negotiate a new framework for continued market access between those 
jurisdictions. 
Maintaining favourable brand recognition is essential to our success, and failure to do so could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our brand name, the “Automobile Association” or the “AA”, enjoys a high degree of familiarity and awareness 
in the UK. We depend on the integrity of our brand and our reputation for quality of service for our business to 
command a price premium for our roadside services, and we believe favourable recognition of our brand is 
important to maintaining a key position in an industry where trust and consumer confidence are paramount. A 
decline in the favourable perception of our brand could impact our ability to attract or retain personal members 
or business customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 47 ---
26 
To maintain the value of our brand and to continue to enjoy its high degree of familiarity and awareness in the 
UK, we currently need to maintain a high level of investment in our brand and brand recognition. Given its 
importance to maintaining a key position in our industry and our price premium, failure to invest heavily in our 
brand, now or in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. Factors affecting brand recognition are sometimes outside our control, and our efforts 
to maintain or enhance favourable brand recognition, such as making significant investments in marketing and 
advertising campaigns, may have differing degrees of success.  
We have a highly visible and widely recognised brand and therefore could be exposed to mistakes or 
misconduct, or allegations thereof, by our patrols and other employees, contractors, agents or suppliers 
(including panel insurers). We are also exposed to possible brand damage from poor performance, whether 
perceived or actual, in terms of customer service, whether at the roadside, as part of our insurance offering, as 
part of any third-party brand licencing agreement or otherwise. We are potentially exposed to the risk that 
litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, failure of our third party suppliers to deliver key services, 
the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, including Advertising Standards Authority rulings, 
the reputations and actions of our business partners, press speculation and negative publicity, among others, 
whether or not founded, could damage our brand and our reputation. Such damage to our brand and our 
reputation could have an impact on our retention of customers, which could have an adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Although we take efforts to safeguard our brand seriously, such as by monitoring media and social media daily 
and instructing our employees not to speak to the media unless they have media training, there is no guarantee 
that our attempts will be successful or will be able to prevent negative publicity surrounding our brand, which 
may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology (“IT”) 
and communication systems. The failure or unavailability of such systems or our inability to keep 
pace with developments in technology and implement new systems effectively could harm our 
reputation, result in the loss of personal members and business customers and have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We rely heavily on our IT and communication systems to conduct our business, including for purposes of 
maintaining accurate customer service and records, managing our financial operations, managing our fleet of 
service vehicles, managing our mobile applications and locating personal members and business customers 
experiencing automobile breakdowns, as well as maintaining back-office systems and financial records. These 
systems may not operate as expected or may not fulfil their intended purpose and are also at risk of malicious 
cyber-attacks and unplanned interruption. Any material interruption to key IT or communications systems and 
subsequent failure to ensure sufficient levels of resilience may result in our operations being inefficient, 
ineffective or inaccurate and, in turn, adversely affect the overall operational and financial performance of our 
business, including resulting in an inability to provide our services in a timely manner, which in turn could 
cause material damage to our brand and reputation and adversely affect our competitive position. In relation to 
insurance related activities, this might also give rise to a breach of the Financial Conduct Authority’s operational 
resilience requirements which could lead to enforcement or other supervisory action being taken against the 
FCA regulated entities. 
We continue to invest in our IT and communications systems as part of our strategy including the expansion of 
cloud-based infrastructure. This increases our exposure to third parties whose inability to maintain adequate IT 
and operational resilience controls could mean we are unable to conduct our business, and this also could 
adversely affect the overall operational and financial performance of our business, including resulting in an 
inability to provide our services in a timely manner.

--- Page 48 ---
27 
We have a clearly defined cyber security strategy, which is overseen by Management and the Board, and it 
invests significant resources in controls that enable it to prevent, identify, detect and correct potential cyber-
related and operational resilience issues. In addition, we benchmark our security controls against the NIST 
Cybersecurity Framework (“CSF”) and an annual review of the effectiveness of controls is performed by an 
independent third party. 
We have put in place business continuity procedures, including security measures to protect against IT and 
related systems failure or disruption. However, these procedures may not be adequate to ensure that we are able 
to carry on our business in the ordinary course if our IT systems fail or are disrupted. For example, if sufficient 
control and security measures are not in place, unauthorised persons could access, change and corrupt data on 
our servers. See also “—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We collect extensive non-public data 
from personal members, customers, business contacts and employees, and the failure to adequately maintain 
and protect such information, including from unauthorised attempts to access our IT systems, or failure to 
comply with applicable data protection law, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations”. Furthermore, insurance coverage may prove inadequate to 
compensate for losses from a major business interruption. See “—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we may incur and there can be 
no guarantee that we will be able to maintain the required level of insurance coverage on acceptable terms 
and/or at an acceptable cost”. 
Our business relies on key contractual relationships with certain business customers, and the loss of 
any such business customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
We have a number of important business partner accounts within our B2B business. Our ten largest business 
partners accounted for 21% of our total revenue for the twelve months ended 31 January 2023, of which the 
single largest partner is Lloyds Banking Group. There are other key commercial contracts with business 
customers across the business, including contracts within the Drivetech business. The future loss of one of our 
business contracts to a competitor, failure to find a replacement contract at acceptable terms upon termination, 
or the renewal of those contracts on less advantageous terms, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our business partners may also 
face financial or commercial difficulties, the consequences of which could also materially adversely affect our 
business and reputation. 
Increased competition, including new business models, competitive pressures from new technologies 
in the automobile industry and distribution channels may have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Competition is affected by consumer behaviour and attitudes, technological changes, regulatory and legislative 
changes as well as other factors. We could lose market share, incur losses on some or all of our activities and 
experience lower growth if we are unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products and services 
that are also profitable and if we do not choose the right marketing approach, product offering or distribution 
strategy, fail to implement such strategies successfully or fail to successfully anticipate, adapt or adhere to such 
demands and changes. For example, we have invested in growing our connected car offering in order to provide 
a more digitally enabled service to current and future members, including connected car propositions. However, 
major car manufacturers are also undertaking similar initiatives and are able to integrate their proprietary 
connected car offering directly into the user interface of their vehicles. There can be no assurance that our 
connected car offering can successfully compete with other alternatives and customers may prefer a more 
integrated connected car offering rather than one that requires installation of third-party technology into their 
vehicles.

--- Page 49 ---
28 
New technological developments such as autonomous vehicles and increased numbers of electric vehicles may 
also have an impact on all areas of our business in the future. For example, while autonomous and electric 
vehicles may have reliability and mechanical issues, it is possible that most faults for such vehicles will be 
linked to their technology and such issues may be outside the scope of our experience and capability. Any failure 
by us to adapt to service autonomous and electric vehicles may lead to a reduction in members and manufacturer 
contracts. While we continue to invest in equipping our patrols with the latest technology to help them diagnose 
and repair faults in electric vehicles, there can be no guarantee that the training and repair capabilities of our 
patrols in respect of electric vehicles will be sufficient to ensure we retain and grow our market share as the 
prominence of these vehicles increases in the future. In addition, significant increases in autonomous vehicles 
could lead to changes in motor insurance legislation which could adversely impact the wider motor insurance 
market as well as lead to reductions in demand for motor insurance coverage as damage or injury risk is reduced. 
This could adversely impact the value and revenue from our motor insurance book. 
Our insurance broking business faces significant competition from competitors who may be larger 
and have access to greater financial or other resources, including global, national and local 
insurance companies. 
We compete with global, national and local insurance companies, including direct writers of insurance coverage, 
as well as non-insurance financial services companies, such as banks, many of which offer alternative products, 
more competitive pricing for segments of the insurance market in which we operate or stronger economies of 
scale including the ability to process significant regulatory or legislative change. While we maintain diversified 
panels of insurance underwriters for motor and home insurance, and have our own in-house group underwriter, 
many of our competitors are larger than us and have greater financial, technical and operating resources. The 
general insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of price, service and coverage and many 
distribution channels including Price Comparison Websites within the insurance industry have been undergoing 
significant changes. If our competitors price their premiums at a lower level than us and we meet their pricing, 
this may have a material adverse effect on the commissions we receive in connection with our broking activities. 
If we fail to meet their pricing, we may lose market share and experience a decline in revenue. If competitors 
attract current or potential policyholders away from us in areas in which we compete or wish to compete, our 
operating performance may be materially adversely affected. 
In addition, insurance panel members could increase their prices, fail to maintain their competitive positions or 
withdraw from our panel, which may impact our ability to compete with the rest of the market and negatively 
impact our sales volumes and profitability, or we could be forced to re-broke policies if one of our underwriters 
were to fail, which could negatively impact our profitability. The AA Group’s in-house underwriter increasingly 
makes up a higher proportion of the policies underwritten by our insurance underwriter panel. As at 31 January 
2023, the in-house underwriter had a 54% share of total motor and home insurance policies. Whilst we operate 
a competitive panel where all members on the panel, including the in-house underwriter, compete on the same 
basis, other panel members may leave the panel or change their pricing for certain customers as a result of the 
increased proportion of policies underwritten by the in-house underwriter, which could reduce our overall 
competitiveness in the motor and home insurance market. A higher share of policies underwritten by the 
in-house underwriter could also lead to increased regulatory scrutiny. 
Additionally, if our underwriting partners fail to resolve insurance claims in a timely or satisfactory manner, 
this may negatively impact our reputation, and we may be exposed to litigation with respect to any such claims. 
While we regularly monitor the creditworthiness of our third-party underwriting panel members to limit the 
potential risk of failure and any adverse impact on our customers, the failure of any one or more of our panel 
members could harm our reputation, sales and profitability. Any of the events above could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 50 ---
29 
We depend on suppliers to provide many of our products and services and we may not be able to 
renew or extend existing contracts or enter into new contracts with suppliers, which could result in 
increased customer churn or have other effects that could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The successful implementation of our business strategy depends, in part, on our success at renewing or entering 
into new contracts with suppliers of products and services on favourable terms. For example, we lease 
substantially all the vehicles that make up our operational fleet within our Roadside segment and we are reliant 
on a small number of suppliers for the provision of parts for use by our patrol force. In addition, in our Insurance 
segment, we rely on a panel of third-party underwriters in addition to AA’s in-house underwriter, and in the 
Financial Services business we may rely on third-party providers (including the Bank of Ireland) to deliver 
financial services products which the HoldCo Group is not regulated to provide. Our ability to renew our 
existing contracts with suppliers of products and services, or enter into new contractual relationships, either on 
commercially attractive terms, or at all, depends on a range of commercial and operational factors and events 
which may be beyond our control. Furthermore, in the past we have been required to replace suppliers of 
products and services as a result of their insolvency. In the event that a supplier of products or services decides 
to terminate its relationship with us, our personal members and business customers may choose to obtain similar 
service offerings from alternative sources or providers. Our inability to maintain our existing contracts and 
agreements with suppliers of the various products and services which we rely upon, or to enter into new 
contracts on commercially favourable terms, could lead to reduced sales, lower margins and a loss of existing 
personal members and business customers. It could also make it difficult for us to attract new personal members 
and business customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, and financial 
condition. 
We may fail to mitigate the risks associated with climate change, and/or meet Environmental, Social, 
Governance (“ESG”) Regulations, or stakeholder expectations.  
We recognise the risk of climate change on our business and operations, including transition and physical risks 
and understand that failure to take appropriate action to mitigate these risks could lead significant impact to our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We already have a well embedded process for 
modelling the impact of climate change and related weather events within our Roadside Operations to ensure 
we have the right resources to meet our members’ needs. We are embedding the management of climate-related 
risks into our broader risk management framework and this forms part of our commitments under the Task 
Force for Climate related Financial Disclosure’s (“TCFD”) recommendations, which will be reported in FY24.  
We have a clearly defined ESG strategy, which includes but is not limited to diversity, equality & inclusion 
issues, colleague wellbeing and the risk of damaging the environment and the risk of climate change which 
could result in adverse operational or financial damage to the business. This strategy is overseen by the Board. 
However, there remains a risk that we may not achieve our ESG strategy, including keeping pace with market 
and/or consumer ESG expectations which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, failure to mitigate risks associated with climate change 
and/or to achieve our ESG strategy could result in damage to our brand and our reputation. See “—Maintaining 
favourable brand recognition is essential to our success, and failure to do so could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”. 
Litigation, roadside injuries or death or regulatory inquiries or investigations could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, we may become involved in litigation, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves 
against such litigation. We are exposed to potential claims for personal injury and property damage resulting 
from the provision and use of our Roadside services. For example, we have had a number of claims relating to 
personal injury and property damage from employees, personal members and other third parties. We may be

--- Page 51 ---
30 
subject to future claims that could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. We are also exposed to workers’ compensation claims and other 
employment related claims by our employees. 
In addition, we may be subject to disputes arising out of contracts. The defence of any of these claims may be 
time consuming and expensive. If the outcome of any such claims is unfavourable to us, we could suffer damage 
to our reputation and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially 
adversely affected. While we currently maintain motor liability coverage for bodily injury (including death) and 
property damage arising from or in connection with the services provided by our patrols, we do not have specific 
reserves for potential litigation matters unless it is probable that settlement of an amount that can be reliably 
estimated will be required and our current liability coverage may not be sufficient to cover all claims. In 
addition, our insurance premiums may increase in the future, and we may not be able to renew our motor 
liability coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, although our customer call centre 
provides roadside assistance to personal members with safety instructions in the event of a breakdown, in the 
past personal members have been accidentally injured or killed by passing vehicles while waiting on the 
roadside. Accidents such as these could expose us to civil suits, significant damages claims and liabilities and 
harm our reputation. 
We may also be subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and investigations. The impact of litigation 
and regulatory inquiries and investigations may be difficult to assess or quantify. Even if a civil litigation claim 
or regulatory investigation or claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, any negative publicity arising 
in connection with any inquiries and litigation or regulatory investigation affecting our business could adversely 
affect our reputation. Litigation and regulatory investigations may also result in substantial costs and expenses 
and divert the attention of our management. In addition to pending matters, future litigation and regulatory 
investigations could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations, which may have 
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. See “—Risks 
Relating to Regulatory and Legislative Matters—We are subject to complex laws and regulations that could 
materially and adversely affect the cost, manner and feasibility of doing business”. 
We collect extensive non-public data from personal members, customers, business contacts and 
employees, and the failure to adequately maintain and protect such information or failure to comply 
with applicable data protection law, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
We regularly collect, process, store and handle non-public data (including name, address, age, bank and credit 
card details and other personal data) from our personal members, customers, business contacts and employees 
as part of the operation of our business, and therefore we must comply with data protection laws in the UK, 
payment care security standards and to the extent applicable, the European Union (“EU”). Those laws impose 
certain requirements on us in respect of the collection, use and other processing of personal data.  
There is a risk that personal data collected by us or third parties on our behalf may not be processed in 
accordance with notifications made to both data subjects and regulators. In some cases, the consent of those 
data subjects may also be required to process the personal data for the purposes notified to them. The scope of 
the notification made to, and consents obtained from, data subjects may limit our ability to deal freely with the 
personal data in our databases. It may not be possible for us to lawfully use that personal data for purposes other 
than those notified to data subjects, or (where relevant) for which they have provided consent. 
We are also exposed to the risk that the personal data we control and/or process could be wrongfully accessed 
or used, whether by employees or third parties, or otherwise lost or disclosed or processed in breach of 
applicable data protection law. We have identified unauthorised access to our networks and servers in the past 
as a result of phishing and other malicious internet-based activity and we cannot guarantee protection against

--- Page 52 ---
31 
future unauthorised attempts to access our IT systems from both internal and external intruders. We continue to 
see cyber threats increase, and, for example, in 2020 the AA was a target of a direct cyber-attack.  Due to our 
mature incident management capability, the attack failed to significantly disrupt operations and no personal or 
commercially sensitive data was compromised or exposed as a result of the attack.  While these past incidents 
were detected, there can be no assurance that our systems will not be targeted in the future or that we will be 
able to detect and/or remedy any such incidents immediately upon occurrence.  
Failure to comply with data protection laws could potentially lead to regulatory censure, in particular by the 
UK Information Commissioner’s Office, fines, civil and criminal liability, and reputational and financial costs. 
Furthermore, publicised breaches of our IT systems, whether or not resulting in unauthorised access to or loss 
of data, could result in significant reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our existing and 
prospective customers’ perception of our business. In addition, data protection laws, and other laws relating to 
the use of data, are rapidly evolving the time and expense associated with ongoing information security 
improvement and monitoring activities may divert resources and management time away from other aspects of 
our operations. 
The European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) began to apply from 25 May 2018 and introduced 
significant changes to data protection law. In particular, the GDPR contains much higher penalties for breaches, 
new obligations for data processors, increased accountability, expanded rights for data subjects and an extended 
territorial scope. The GDPR, as it applied at the end of the UK’s Brexit transition period, was incorporated into 
UK law at the end of the transition period.  
As a result of the UK’s exit from the EU, the UK is now a third country for the purpose of the GDPR rules 
regarding personal data exports from the EEA, and the European commission has recognised UK Data 
Protection laws as equivalent to EU, granting ‘adequacy’ status meaning that the UK does not have to adopt 
additional safeguards in respect of any such data exports, for example standard contractual clauses or Binding 
Corporate Rules, however, this will be reviewed in 2025. Should the “adequacy” be subsequently revoked, we 
may be required by the GDPR to implement additional safeguards in respect of any data transfers we make 
from the EEA to the UK, which might impose an additional administrative and cost burden on our business. 
We may not be able to deliver a competitively priced proposition or be able to acquire and retain 
new customers in a competitive  market, which could result in a decline in market share and margin 
for our product offerings across  the Group, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Although we have a focus on providing high quality products and services to customer, we recognise that price 
is an important competitive factor for all our business segments.  
Our competitors may seek to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing in order to protect or gain market 
share. Furthermore, the internet has increased pricing transparency and price pressure within our markets by 
enabling customers to more easily obtain and compare prices being offered by companies operating in these 
markets. Price transparency requirements have been introduced for consumers in our Insurance and Roadside 
segments. This transparency may further increase the prevalence and intensity of price competition in our 
industry and potentially lead to consumer pressure or further regulatory intervention in the insurance services 
market. To the extent that we match any reduction in pricing by our competitors, our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, to the extent 
that we do not match or remain within a competitive margin of our competitors’ pricing, or if we otherwise seek 
to implement price increases, we may lose market share and experience a decline in revenue, which could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is a risk that market pressure from our customers who do not subscribe to products and services across 
our segments (and therefore do not receive discount rates) may force us to amend our pricing plans. In addition,

--- Page 53 ---
32 
we regularly offer lower introductory prices to attract new personal members and subsequently receive requests 
from existing personal members to lower their membership fees accordingly. A significant change in the number 
of existing customers requesting price reductions or a significant number of customers declining to renew their 
products upon the expiration of their introductory offer rates could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our business model distinguishes between personal members, who subscribe for roadside assistance coverage 
directly through a membership agreement with us, and business customers, who receive roadside assistance 
coverage indirectly as a complementary “add-on” to the products they purchase from our business partners. If 
the availability of roadside assistance coverage becomes more prevalent as an add-on product such as with 
motor insurance which is becoming increasingly prevalent, we could potentially see a migration of our personal 
members to the lower-margin business customer book or to a third-party provider, which could also have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In January 2022, the FCA rules in respect of pricing of home and motor insurance came into force, which 
included a ban on “price walking” for home and motor insurance meaning that firms must now offer a renewal 
price to a consumer that is no greater than the equivalent new business price offered to a new customer. Our 
standalone Roadside Breakdown Product is not directly affected; however the pricing remedy does apply to 
additional products sold alongside home or motor insurance that include our Roadside Breakdown add-on 
product. However, there is a risk that Roadside sold outside of the Insurance journey could in the future be 
subject to the pricing remedy, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our profitability and results 
of operations. See “Regulatory Overview—Other Industry Developments”. 
We seek to reduce and control our operating costs and we may not be successful in such efforts, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
We continuously review our operating costs to ensure that we are operating efficiently. Cost control initiatives 
include headcount reductions, business process re-engineering and internal reorganisation, as well as other 
expense controls. While we aim to implement and maintain cost savings through restructuring and pursuing 
additional cost efficiencies, we may be unable to effectively control or reduce costs. Even if we are successful 
in these initiatives, we may face other risks associated with our plans, including declines in employee 
engagement, the level of customer service we provide, the efficiency of our operations and the effectiveness of 
our internal controls. In addition, our ability to implement operating cost reductions could be hampered by the 
trade union Community (the “Community”) through industrial action. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has indicated the UK will contract by 0.6% in 2023. UK Economic 
uncertainty is expected to remain high as a result of the current inflation, cost of living and energy prices crises 
and we will continue to monitor the situation closely. A weak economy or negative economic development 
could have a material adverse impact in respect of being able to control operating costs in the future. 
Breakdown of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or our ability to meet legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
Any errors (including accounting errors), or breakdowns in internal control processes (including failures to 
establish and maintain effective internal controls or such failures of any third party providers), could result in 
operational losses and impact our ability to detect and prevent fraud. In addition, it is expected that ongoing 
and future changes to our operations and organisation, or changes to required regulatory or accounting 
standards, will place additional demands on our internal processes and infrastructure, including our accounting 
systems and internal controls over financial reporting. To meet these demands, we will need to invest money 
and senior management time on an ongoing basis toward strengthening our financial and management

--- Page 54 ---
33 
information systems, improving control processes, and, where appropriate, identifying and correcting any 
deficiencies in the design or operating effectiveness of our accounting systems and internal controls over 
financial reporting. Any failure to detect or correct deficiencies in our internal controls, or any insufficiency or 
breakdown in internal controls, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or our ability to meet legal and regulatory requirements. 
Severe or unexpected weather conditions or poor maintenance of the roads could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Severe or unexpected weather conditions, including extremes in temperature, heavy rain, snowfall, hail or high 
winds and the impact of these and underinvestment on the condition on our roads, tend to increase the volume 
of calls to our roadside assistance centres. Although we receive a certain amount of payment-for-use revenue 
with regards to our business contracts, many of our contracts are for a fixed annual fee, and the increase in our 
costs are likely to be greater than the increase in payment-for-use revenue received as a result of increased 
call-outs during times of severe weather or if cars are damaged by poorly maintained roads. Repercussions of 
severe or unexpected weather conditions or high call outs may also include an inability to respond quickly and 
efficiently to calls from our personal members and business customers, loss of productivity and even necessary 
curtailment of services. Any delay in our performance or disruption of our operations due to such conditions 
could have an adverse effect on our reputation, result in an increase in customer complaints and decrease the 
demand for our services, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Our roadside membership numbers could decline, or our business mix could change if there is a 
decrease in the average age of vehicles used in the UK, a decrease to the overall size of the UK car 
parc, if service intervals or manufacturer guarantees are extended or if vehicles are used to a lesser 
extent. 
A decline in the number of vehicles on the UK’s roads could adversely impact demand for our services and our 
ability to grow our membership base. At the end of 2022, The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders 
(“SMMT”) reported that new car registrations in the UK have fallen since 2016, as a result of vehicle supply 
chain issues, weak business and consumer confidence, and general political and economic instability. The 
SMMT also report that the average vehicle age is increasing and as vehicles get older, the likelihood of breaking 
down generally increases, leading to higher costs to serve. As older cars are retired from the UK car parc, to the 
extent annual new car registrations in the UK do not increase, the UK car parc could begin to shrink and reduce 
our pool of potential roadside assistance customers. 
Technological and qualitative improvements of some motor vehicle components as well as the increased 
reliability of modern cars can reduce the likelihood of motor vehicles breaking down, which can also lead to a 
decrease in demand for our roadside assistance services by both our personal members and business customers. 
A decrease in demand for our roadside assistance services may lead to certain of our business partners declining 
to renew their contracts with us.   
Technological improvements and other factors which determine the mix of vehicle faults, including in electric 
vehicles (“EVs”), may also result in a permanent change in the proportion of vehicles which can be fixed at the 
roadside versus those that require recovery and/or specialist skills which may necessitate the use of different 
assets or other specialist contractors, leading to higher costs. Although the AA currently has measures in place 
to adapt to the increasing prevalence of electric vehicles, such as freewheeling hubs for the towing of electric 
vehicles and new training hubs for electric vehicle technicians, there is no guarantee that these measures will 
be successful or will allow us to fully adapt to the increase in usage of electric vehicles. 
The UK government’s plan to ban sales of Internal Combustion Engine (“ICE”) vehicles from 2030 could lead 
to a decrease in vehicle ownership and increase in demand for alternative methods of transportation such as car-

--- Page 55 ---
34 
pooling and shared ownership which could have an adverse impact our ability to attract or retain members. 
Reduced vehicle use or vehicle ownership may also result from rising costs (for example, higher petrol prices, 
higher petrol taxes and higher insurance prices), a significant deterioration in economic conditions, any future 
new vehicle incentives, changes in travelling or commuting behaviour (including the increased use of public 
transport, car sharing services or mobile-based cab hailing services) or growing environmental concerns. 
In addition, in the event automobile manufacturers continue to expand the scope of their warranties and roadside 
assistance coverage beyond current limits (for example, as a result of changes in the legal environment), engage 
in greater promotion of roadside assistance at the point of service in their dealerships, or improve vehicle 
technologies so as to identify potential breakdowns before they occur, demand from business customers for our 
roadside assistance products and services may be negatively impacted. 
We may not be able to protect our brand and related intellectual property rights from infringement 
or other misuse by others and we may face claims that we have infringed the trademarks or other 
intellectual property rights of others. 
The AA brand is one of the key assets of our business. We rely primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual 
property rights to protect our brand. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our 
existing trademarks in order to increase brand awareness and, in particular, to develop our presence and activity 
in those markets where we are new entrants. Policing unauthorised use of our proprietary intellectual property 
rights can be difficult and expensive, and we cannot be sure that the steps we have taken to protect our 
trademarks and other intellectual property rights will preserve our ability to enforce those rights or prevent 
unauthorised use, infringement or misappropriation by third parties. Additionally, legal remedies available to 
us may not adequately compensate us for any damages we suffer as a result of such unauthorised use. 
Accordingly, any material infringement or misuse of our intellectual property could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We have in the past faced, and may in the future face, claims that we have infringed the trademarks or other 
intellectual property rights of others, including in those markets where we have not historically been active. 
Such claims could also delay or prohibit the use of existing, or the release of new, products, services or 
processes, and the development of new intellectual property. Successful infringement claims against us could 
result in significant monetary liability. Intellectual property claims against us and any inability to use our 
trademarks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations, and such claims may result in a loss of intellectual property protections relating to our business. 
We or our shareholders may undertake strategic transactions, such as acquisitions, disposals, capital 
raises or share transfers, and such transactions may not achieve the expected results, may expose us 
to contingent or other liabilities, may change our capital or governance structures and may have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
We and our shareholders have from time to time considered, are now considering and intend to continue to 
consider opportunistic strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions or disposals of businesses or 
assets that could result in shifts in the current mix of our product and services offerings or which could involve 
capital raises or other transactions impacting our ownership that could change our capital or governance 
structures.  
For any acquisitions which we identify, we will need to conduct appropriate due diligence, including, as 
appropriate, an assessment of the adequacy of claims reserves, an assessment of the recoverability of 
reinsurance and other balances, enquiries with regard to outstanding litigation and consideration of local 
regulatory and taxation matters. Consideration will also need to be given to potential costs, risks and issues in 
relation to the integration of any proposed acquisitions with our existing operations. However, the due diligence 
undertaken may not be accurate or complete, and such due diligence may not identify or mitigate all material

--- Page 56 ---
35 
risks to which the entity being acquired is exposed, including contingent or unanticipated liabilities. In addition, 
the integration of any proposed acquisition may not be successful or in line with our expectations and may pose 
a disruption to our ongoing business. We also may not obtain appropriate or adequate contractual 
representations, warranties and indemnities in connection with any acquisition. We may also provide 
representations, warranties and indemnities to counterparties on any disposal, which have in the past and may 
in the future result in claims being asserted against us by the applicable counterparties. Any acquisitions or 
dispositions of businesses or assets and shifts in the current mix of our product and services offerings may divert 
managerial attention and resources from our business objectives.  
Any other strategic transactions undertaken by our shareholders, including capital raises or share transfers, may 
be undertaken for reasons in the interests of the shareholders and not necessarily in the sole interest of the AA 
Group. Such transactions could result in a change in our capital or governance structures, new shareholders 
with interests which may be different to those of our existing shareholder or the holders of our Notes, or changes 
of control. Even if such transactions are initiated by certain of our shareholders, such transactions may consume 
management time.  
If we enter into strategic transactions in the future, related accounting charges may affect our business, financial 
condition and results of operations, particularly in the case of any acquisitions. Any acquisition, disposal, capital 
raise or share transfer may result in changes to our capital structure, including the incurrence of additional 
indebtedness or the refinancing or repayment of our outstanding indebtedness, as applicable. There can be no 
guarantee that we will be able to identify appropriate acquisition targets or opportunities for disposals or sources 
of additional capital in the future and, even if we identify an attractive opportunity, we or our shareholders may 
not be able to complete the acquisition or disposal or capital raise successfully based on limited financial 
resources, onerous regulatory requirements or lack of sources of capital. Losses resulting from acquisitions or 
disposals could damage our brand and reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are dependent on our ability to retain and attract qualified and reliable personnel 
including our senior management team. 
We rely on a number of key employees, both in our management and our operations, with specialised skills and 
extensive experience in their respective fields. Attracting and retaining key members of senior management and 
key operational expertise are vital to the success of our business and operations. The departure of, or difficulty 
in replacing, senior managers or individuals with key operational expertise in the future could have a material 
adverse impact on key decision-making and the development of our business and operations over both the short 
and the medium term. We also believe that the growth and success of our business will depend on our ability to 
attract highly skilled, qualified and reliable personnel with specialised know-how in automotive services, as 
well as those with IT and other specialist skills. Although we place emphasis on retaining and attracting talented 
personnel and invest in extensive training and development of our employees, we may not be able to retain or 
hire such personnel in the future or hiring qualified personnel may be at an increased cost due to labour shortages 
and/or wage inflation. 
Our business requires the work of many employees and any disruption in our workforce could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As at 31 January 2023, approximately 91% of the Holdco Group’s employees were covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement which is in place with Community. In addition, we are required to consult with our 
employee representatives, on various matters, including restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures. To the 
extent we choose to change working practices or aspects of our patrol force employment contracts, we will be 
required to consult Community.

--- Page 57 ---
36 
Although we strive to maintain good relationships with our employees and Community, such relationships may 
not continue to be cooperative. We may be affected by strikes or other types of conflict with labour unions and 
employees in the future, which could impair our ability to deliver the services we provide and result in a 
substantial loss of revenue and damage to our reputation. Strikes and industrial actions could also be initiated 
by the workforce of one of our service providers or other third parties that could affect our business. The terms 
of existing or renewed collective bargaining agreements could also significantly increase our costs (for example, 
through increased wages) or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency, which may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we may incur and there 
can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain the required level of insurance coverage on 
acceptable terms and/or at an acceptable cost. 
We have insurance coverage under various insurance policies for, among other things, property damage, our 
technical and office equipment and stock, our patrol vehicles, as well as coverage for business interruption, 
terrorism and directors and officers. We also have insurance policies covering employer and public liability, as 
well as for errors and omissions that may occur when broking insurance (professional indemnity insurance, 
which is required under the FCA regulatory regime). However, we do not have insurance coverage for all 
potential interruptions of operations because in our view, these risks cannot be insured or can only be insured 
on unreasonable terms. For example, there is no insurance coverage against the risk of failure by personal 
members to pay.  
Moreover, we can provide no assurances that losses will not be incurred or that claims will not be filed against 
us which go beyond the type and scope of the existing insurance coverage. 
In addition, insurance may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms or at all in the future, or we 
may experience material increases in the costs of such insurance. Any increase in the number of claims or 
amount per claim or increase in the cost of insurance could materially and adversely affect our results of 
operations. 
Certain types of risks and losses (such as losses resulting from epidemics and pandemics, war, nuclear radiation, 
radioactive contamination and heaving or settling of structures) may be or become either uninsurable or 
uneconomical to insure or may not be covered by our relevant existing or future insurance policies. Other risks 
might become uninsurable (or uneconomical to insure) in the future. The occurrence of significant uninsured 
or uninsurable losses have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legislative Matters 
We are subject to complex laws and regulations that could materially and adversely affect the cost, 
manner and feasibility of doing business. 
The industries in which we operate are materially affected by government regulation in the form of national 
and local laws and regulations in relation to health and safety, the conduct of operations and taxation. We are 
subject to prudential and consumer protection measures (including competition regulation) imposed by a 
number of insurance and financial services regulators and competition authorities, including the CMA and HM 
Treasury. In the UK, the FCA is the primary regulator of the insurance intermediation, consumer credit 
intermediation and mortgage intermediation sectors. The FCA also has concurrent competition law powers. 
Each has prescribed certain rules, principles and guidance with which we and others in the insurance and 
financial services industries must comply. Such rules require, among other things, high level standards on the 
establishment and maintenance of proper systems and controls and minimum “threshold conditions” that must

--- Page 58 ---
37 
be satisfied for a firm to remain authorised, as well as rules on the conduct of business and treating customers 
fairly. 
On 31 July 2023, a new Consumer Duty comes into force.  The rules and guidance come into force on a phased 
basis (a) for new and existing products and services that are open to sale or renewal the rules come into force 
on 31 July 2023 and (b) for closed products or services, the rules come into force on 31 July 2024.  The 
Consumer Duty requires firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers and sets higher and clearer 
standards of consumer protection.  It includes a requirement for firms to deliver on four outcomes involving (i) 
products and services (ii) price and value (iii) consumer understanding and (iv) consumer support. 
The FCA may find that we have failed to comply with applicable regulations, including consumer credit 
regulations, have not implemented new regulatory requirements appropriately, sufficiently responded to 
regulatory inquiries or have not undertaken corrective action as required. Our roadside assistance business is 
currently operated under an exclusion from requiring insurance business authorisation. Any change in law, 
regulation or in interpretation of law or regulation could result in this business needing to be carried out by a 
regulated insurer which could significantly increase the costs of the business. In each case, regulatory 
proceedings could result in a public reprimand, substantial monetary fines or other sanctions which could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the use of continuous payment methods in both the Roadside and Insurance segments contributes 
to our high levels of retention. Although continuous payment methods are designed to serve a specific customer 
need and are a common market and banking practice, regulation of their use by the FCA, the Payment Systems 
Regulator or another comparable regulatory authority, or the regulation of how and when we communicate with 
current and potential personal members and customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to health and safety, employment, 
environmental and other matters. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we could be subject to 
sanctions such as mandatory shut-downs, damages, criminal prosecutions and injunctive action. 
Our external financing reporting is prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards 
and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. These regulations are subject to change and new 
accounting standards (such as IFRS 17) can be enforced leading to delivery risk around implementation. 
In addition, changes in governmental laws and regulations, as well as maintaining compliance with required 
standards, may also significantly increase our costs, the price of membership and access to our services. 
Risks Relating to our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement Medical Plans  
We are exposed to various risks in connection with the funding of our pension commitments under 
the AA UK Pension Scheme (our principal defined benefit plan), the AA Ireland Pension Scheme 
and our post-retirement medical scheme, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Holdco Group operates two funded defined benefit pension schemes: (i) the AA UK Pension Scheme; and 
(ii) the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. The AA UK Pension Scheme defined benefit sections are closed to future 
accrual (effective from 31 March 2020). Its statutory sponsoring employer is Automobile Association 
Developments Limited (the “Employer”). Following the sale of AA Ireland, the Holdco Group continues to 
retain the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, which is closed to future accrual of benefits, having been transferred to 
an English subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited.

--- Page 59 ---
38 
Valuations of all UK defined benefit plans are required to be conducted on at least a triennial basis in accordance 
with legislative requirements, and the trustees and employers of the applicable plan will be required to agree a 
recovery plan which seeks to pay off any funding deficit disclosed in the context of such valuations over an 
agreed period of time. The “funding deficit” will be the estimated shortfall in scheme assets compared with the 
amount required, on an actuarial calculation based on assumptions agreed between the employer and trustees 
in the context of the relevant valuation, to make provision for the scheme’s liabilities. We are legally required 
to meet any agreed deficit repair contributions, which are payable prior to our debt servicing obligations 
(including under any Class A IBLA and the Class A Notes). Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that our 
pension funding commitments may increase over time in the context of subsequent valuations of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
An asset backed funding structure (the “ABF”) was implemented in November 2013 with the trustee of the AA 
UK Pension Scheme (the “AA UK Pension Trustee”) as part of the triennial valuation as at 31 March 2013 
(the “2013 Valuation”). This provides the AA UK Pension Scheme with an inflation-linked income stream over 
25 years, through an interest in a Scottish limited partnership. The aggregate total of the monthly payments due 
from the ABF to the AA UK Pension Scheme in the year to 31 January 2023 was £15 million. The ABF was 
put in place to address the funding deficit disclosed in the 2013 Valuation over a 25-year period and remains in 
place to support the ongoing funding of the AA UK Pension Scheme. 
The AA UK Pension Trustee has been granted first-ranking security (through the ABF structure) over our brands 
for a debt claim of £200 million. The ABF income stream and security are provided through the AA UK Pension 
Trustee’s interest in a Scottish limited partnership which holds a loan note issued by the company that owns the 
AA Group’s brands (“IPCo”). The royalties payable by the AA Group to IPCo for the use of the AA Group’s 
brands fund the loan note payments due from IPCo to the Scottish limited partnership (which in turn fund the 
payments from the Scottish limited partnership to the AA UK Pension Trustee). The loan note payments due 
from IPCo are secured by a first ranking charge over the AA Group’s brands, for an amount equal to 
£200 million. If the loan note payments, which are payable prior to our debt servicing obligations (including 
under any Class A IBLA and the Class A Notes), are not made to the Scottish limited partnership to enable the 
payment of the AA UK Pension Trustee’s return it will have the right to enforce the £200 million first ranking 
security interest over our brands against IPCo at the instruction of the AA UK Pension Trustee and if the security 
is enforced, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s claim (through the ABF) will rank ahead of other claims on the 
security. If the security claims were enforced and all or some of our brands were disposed of by the AA UK 
Pension Trustee, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations, as well as our ability to service our debt obligations. 
In February 2023, the actuarial triennial review for the AA UK Pension Scheme was completed as at 31 March 
2022. This showed a Technical Provisions deficit of £53 million. Consequently, the AA Group and the Pension 
Scheme Trustee agreed to keep the existing funding plan, which was agreed as part of the 2019 triennial 
valuation in place. This recovery plan assumes that the AA UK Pension Scheme’s technical deficit will be fully 
repaid by July 2025. The funding plan includes commitments from the Holdco Group to paying  additional 
payments (above the asset-backed funding scheme payments) of £12 million per annum from April 2022 to July 
2025. 
The £53 million Technical Provisions deficit includes prudent reserves for the equalisation of Guaranteed 
Minimum Pensions (“GMPs”) between genders, following the ‘Lloyds judgement’ in 2018. It also includes 
prudent reserves for the rectification of issues identified with the method of equalisation applied to benefits 
following the ‘Barber judgement’ in 1990. This rectification followed the receipt of leading counsel’s opinion 
in late 2021. A significant number of UK defined benefit pension schemes have been affected by one or more 
issues around equalisation in recent years which reflects the difficulties surrounding the accuracy of benefit

--- Page 60 ---
39 
calculations undertaken many years ago. As with all similar pension schemes, there is a risk that benefits are 
not calculated correctly in accordance with scheme rules or applicable regulation and legislation. This could 
lead to complaints or legal action against the scheme which could in turn result in an increase to the funding 
deficit within the scheme which is required to be met by the Employer.  
Since the valuation date of 31 March 2022, there has been a deterioration in the funding level of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme, primarily related to movements in the gilt market and wider financial markets experienced in 
the latter part of 2022. The next triennial valuation for the AAUK Pension Scheme is due to be carried out as at 
31 March 2025. If at the next valuation date the AA UK Pension Scheme’s deficit has increased compared to 
the position in March 2022, we would expect the AA UK Pension Trustee to seek in increase in Employer 
contributions to close this gap. 
The AA Ireland Pension Scheme is much smaller than the AA UK Pension Scheme, with reported assets of 
£42 million and a funding surplus of £6 million under UK-adopted international accounting standards as at 
31 January 2023. It is closed to new entrants and future accrual of benefits. Following the sale of AA Ireland, 
the Holdco Group continues to retain the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, having transferred it to an English 
subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited. 
We also operate an unfunded post-retirement medical scheme (the “AAPMP”). The AAPMP provides private 
healthcare cover to retired AA pensioners and their dependents. The scheme, which is closed to new entrants, 
is unfunded, and as at 31 January 2023 showed a liability of £24 million. This liability has significantly 
decreased in recent years reflecting reduced levels of claims experience and updates to financial conditions. It 
could, however, still materially increase depending on, among other factors, the longevity of scheme 
participants, material changes in claims behaviour and the rate of inflation in the costs of providing these 
healthcare benefits, which could have a detrimental impact to the funding burden placed on the Holdco Group. 
The assets of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme are invested in various 
investment vehicles which are susceptible to market volatility, interest rate risk and other market 
risks, any of which could result in decreased asset value and a significant increase in our net pension 
obligations. 
The assets of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme are invested predominantly via 
externally managed funds and insurance companies. The AA UK Pension Trustee and the AA Ireland Pension 
Trustee, in consultation with us, prescribe the investment strategy in relation to the assets of the AA UK Pension 
Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, respectively. The assets may be invested in different asset classes 
including equities, fixed-income securities, real estate and other investment vehicles. The values attributable to 
the externally invested pension plan assets are subject to fluctuations in the capital markets that are beyond our 
influence. During 2022 there were some significant and volatile movements in markets that had an adverse 
impact on the funding position of the AA UK Pension Scheme in particular. These and any further unfavourable 
developments in the capital markets could result in a substantial coverage shortfall for these pension obligations, 
resulting in a significant increase in our net pension obligations. In addition, deterioration in our financial 
condition could lead to an increased funding commitment to the trustees, which could further exacerbate any 
financial difficulties we could face at such time. Any such increases in our net pension obligations could 
adversely affect our financial condition due to increased additional outflow of funds to finance the pension 
obligations. We are also exposed to risks associated with longevity, interest rate and inflation rate changes in 
connection with our pension commitments, as a decrease in long-term interest rates and/or an increase in 
longevity or in inflation could have an adverse effect on our contribution requirements in respect of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. 
Liquidity constraints also pose a risk to the funding status of our pension schemes. Gilt yields increased 
significantly over 2022, with a high level of volatility seen during September and October in particular. The AA

--- Page 61 ---
40 
UK Pension Scheme invests part of its assets in a Liability Driven Investment (“LDI”) mandate, held for risk 
management purposes. Specifically, this mandate has historically been designed to “hedge” the impact on the 
value of the AA UK Pension Scheme’s liabilities from changes in gilt yields (and inflation), to help to protect 
the funding position. Gilt yield increases to mid-October led to a significant fall in the size of the liabilities, 
with a broadly corresponding fall in LDI assets. However, given that the LDI mandate involved the use of 
leverage, these asset value falls led to material calls for cash and increased capital requirements to maintain the 
same level of hedging and risk management. These increased liquidity requirements and market movements 
ultimately resulted in a reduction in the level of hedging achieved via the LDI mandate for the AA UK Pension 
Scheme.  
Following the Bank of England intervention in October 2022, gilt yields fell to lower levels. This led to an 
increase in the value of the AA UK Pension Scheme’s liabilities – but with a lower level of hedging, the asset 
value lagged behind. This had a meaningful impact on the funding position of the AA UK Pension Scheme – 
extending the journey to full funding. LDI mandates now require increased levels of capital to back the same 
hedging levels, meaning the hedge currently sits at a lower level than previously. The AA UK Pension Trustee 
is working with the Employer to make the changes needed to address the level of hedging to the extent it is 
possible under the new LDI requirements. Until that time, the AA UK Pension Scheme is exposed to a greater 
level of interest rate risk, with subsequent risk of increased pension obligations for the AA Group. 
The pension schemes are exposed to the impact of inflation in different ways. The AA UK Pension Scheme 
benefits are linked to inflation, however, most of these are capped, mainly to 2.5% or 5%. Contributions made 
under the ABF are increased in line with inflation, with the increases capped at 5%. The LDI mandate mentioned 
previously covers the hedging of both interest rates and inflation. While interest rate hedging has reduced as 
identified above, the scheme’s inflation exposures remain well hedged. However, given the complexity of the 
benefits within the scheme, there can be no guarantee that the hedge assets will fully match the inflationary 
movements in the liability position. In the AA Irish Pension Scheme, some benefits and the AA Group’s 
expected contributions are also linked to inflation.  However, the liabilities are much less sensitive to inflation 
changes than the UK. While the AA Irish Pension Scheme holds some inflation-linked bonds to protect against 
liability increases, the size of the liabilities and their low inflation exposure does not justify a more sophisticated 
hedging strategy. 
In certain circumstances we may be required to fully fund the AA UK Pension Scheme on a 
“buy-out” basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Typically, the ongoing “funding” basis for a pension scheme, such as the AA UK Pension Scheme, is agreed 
between the AA UK Pension Trustee and the Employer subject to the Pensions Regulator’s powers to intervene 
and determine such basis). However, in certain circumstances, a so-called “section 75 debt” payment can be 
triggered under Section 75 of the Pensions Act 1995, which is calculated by reference to the deficit on a 
“buy-out” basis, broadly the cost of purchasing annuities and deferred annuities with an insurer. The deficit of 
the AA UK Pension Scheme on a buy-out basis was estimated as part of the most recent completed triennial 
valuation to be £1,060 million as at 31 March 2022. Although any section 75 debt falls on the Employer, AA 
Senior Co Limited provides a guarantee under a pension agreement dated 1 July 2013 (the “AA UK Pension 
Agreement”) in relation to, broadly, the difference between the section 75 debt and the AA UK Pension 
Trustee’s £200 million first ranking security interest over the AA Group’s brands (provided through the ABF), 
and this guarantee is effective on enforcement of the security. Accordingly, if a section 75 debt is triggered, it 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
A section 75 debt could be triggered in relation to the AA UK Pension Scheme if it is wound up or certain 
insolvency events occur in relation to the Employer. The AA UK Pension Trustee can trigger a wind-up of the 
AA UK Pension Scheme if the Employer terminates its liability to contribute to the AA UK Pension Scheme or

--- Page 62 ---
41 
ceases to carry on its undertaking and a successor has not assumed the role of sponsoring employer, which is 
subject to AA UK Pension Trustee consent. The Pensions Regulator has powers to trigger a wind-up in relation 
to the AA UK Pension Scheme in certain circumstances. Insolvency events which trigger a section 75 debt 
include the appointment of an Administrative Receiver and the entry by a company into administration. A 
section 75 debt can also be triggered in relation to multi-employer pension schemes where one employer exits 
the scheme, but the AA UK Pension Scheme is currently a single employer scheme. 
Where a section 75 debt is triggered as a result of an insolvency event, the pension scheme may be transferred 
to the Pension Protection Fund (the “PPF”). Entry into the PPF is subject to certain conditions, including an 
assessment as to whether the pension scheme’s assets are sufficient to provide benefits of at least the level of 
compensation which would be provided by the PPF and is determined during the course of a PPF assessment 
period (if assets are sufficient, the scheme will not transfer). The PPF will assume responsibility for an eligible 
scheme where the assets of the scheme are not sufficient to provide PPF level benefits, unless the relevant 
insolvency practitioner issues a “scheme rescue” notice (for example, because the relevant company is rescued 
and the business continues with the pension scheme in place or because another entity agrees to assume 
responsibility for the pension liabilities). Where a scheme rescue notice is issued, no section 75 debt in relation 
to the scheme will be payable as a result of the insolvency. In the absence of a scheme rescue notice, the 
section 75 debt would become payable and, as this is likely to be significant, this means a substantial unsecured 
claim would arise in relation to the Employer and AA Senior Co Limited pursuant to the AA UK Pension 
Agreement. 
A section 75 debt is an unsecured debt on the Employer. However, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s indirect 
£200 million first ranking security interest over the AA Group’s brands (through the ABF) is enforceable by the 
Scottish limited partnership in certain circumstances, including in the event of a section 75 debt being triggered 
(where, as a result of insolvency, the debt becomes payable because there is no scheme rescue). Accordingly, if 
the security is enforced, the first £200 million of the AA UK Pension Trustee’s claim will rank ahead of other 
claims, including any Class A IBLA and the Class A Notes. 
The Pensions Regulator has power in certain circumstances to issue contribution notices or financial 
support directions (“FSD”) which, if issued, could result in us incurring significant liabilities and 
may also pursue criminal prosecution or issue unlimited fines. 
Under the Pensions Act 2004, the Pensions Regulator has the power to issue those parties who are “connected” 
or “associated” with an employer under an occupational pension scheme with a “contribution notice” or 
“financial support direction”.  
A contribution notice will require the target to pay a specified sum into the pension scheme. A financial support 
direction will require the target to provide support to the pension scheme whether by way of a cash contribution 
or other means, such as a guarantee. 
The Pensions Regulator may, however, only issue contribution notices or financial support directions where it 
believes it is reasonable to do so and certain conditions are met. 
The conditions for a contribution notice is that the Pensions Regulator considers that the person has been party 
to an act or a deliberate failure to act (or a series of acts/failures) within the last six years and where the Pensions 
Regulator is of the opinion: 
 
that the act or failure has detrimentally affected in a material way the likelihood of accrued scheme 
benefits being received; or 
 
the main purpose or one of the main purposes of that act or failure was to prevent the recovery of the 
whole or any part of a section 5 debt which was, or might become, due from the employer; to prevent

--- Page 63 ---
42 
such a debt becoming due, to compromise or otherwise settle such a debt, or reduce the amount of a debt 
which would otherwise become due; or 
 
where there is a deficit in the scheme on the solvency basis and, if a section 75 debt became due at the 
relevant time, the act or failure to act would have materially reduced the amount of the section 75 debt 
likely to be recovered by the scheme: or 
 
the act or failure to act reduces the value of the resources of the employer and that reduction was a 
material reduction relative to the amount of the employer’s estimated section 75 debt. 
The Pensions Regulator must be of the opinion that it is reasonable to impose liability on the person to pay the 
sum specified in the notice. 
The conditions for a financial support direction are that the Pensions Regulator is of the opinion that the 
employer in relation to the scheme is a “service company” or is “insufficiently resourced” at a time determined 
by the Pensions Regulator (the “relevant time”). The Pensions Regulator can only issue an FSD within two 
years of the relevant time. 
The employer in relation to a scheme is insufficiently resourced if: 
 
the value of the resources of the employer is less than the amount which is 50% of the estimated buy out 
deficit/section 75 debt in relation to the scheme; and  
 
there is at that time a person associated with the employer, or there are at that time two or more persons 
who are associated with the employer and with each other, and the aggregate value of their resources 
when combined with the resources of the employer is equal to 50% or more than the estimated buy out 
deficit/section 75 debt.  
The Pensions Regulator may issue an FSD to a person only if it is of the opinion that it is reasonable to do so. 
The AA Group is associated with the Employer of the AA UK Pension Scheme. As such it may be within scope 
of the powers of the Pensions Regulator to issue a contribution notice or financial support direction.  
The Pensions Regulator also has new powers from 1 October 2021 to pursue a criminal prosecution and/or an 
unlimited fine against any person who: 
 
fails to comply with a contribution notice; 
 
prevents the pension scheme from recovering a section 75 debt due from the employer; prevents a section 
75 debt becoming due; compromises or settles a section 75 debt; or reduces the amount of any section 
75 debt which would otherwise become due; or 
 
does an act or engages in a course of conduct, or a failure to act, which detrimentally affects in a material 
way the likelihood of accrued scheme benefits being received. 
The Pensions Regulator may also issue financial penalties of up to £1 million in similar circumstances through 
civil proceedings. 
As these offences apply to any "person" involved with the activity in question, entities within the AA Group 
(and their directors, employees and advisers) could be caught by the new offences or civil penalties if they were 
involved in any relevant event meaning they could be subject to criminal prosecution or an unlimited fine, 
which would in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 64 ---
43 
Strengthening of the regulatory funding regime in the UK or Ireland could impose increased pension 
funding requirements. 
Strengthening of the regulatory funding regime for pensions in the UK or Ireland could increase requirements 
for cash funding of pensions, demanding more financial resources to meet governmentally mandated pension 
requirements. 
New funding provisions under the Pensions Act 2004 (as anticipated in the published draft “Funding and 
Investment Strategy and Amendment Regulations 2023”), and a new Pensions Regulator Code (the “PRC”) for 
funding of defined benefit pension schemes in the UK may have significant consequences for the outcome of 
future valuations of the AA UK Pension Scheme. When these provisions come into force, they are expected to 
encourage funding of UK defined benefit pension schemes up to a level at which the scheme will have a low 
dependency on future support from their employers.  
The realisation of any of the foregoing risks could require us to make significant additional payments to meet 
our pension commitments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Risks Relating to the Financing Structure  
The Borrower’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
will depend primarily on the performance of the business of the Holdco Group and the Holdco 
Group may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet such obligations. 
The Borrower does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group and, therefore, the 
ability of the Borrower to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of dividends from its sole 
direct subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited, and receiving payments from certain other members of the Holdco 
Group under intercompany loans. Accordingly, the Borrower’s ability to meet its scheduled payment obligations 
under the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities will depend upon the financial condition and performance of the 
Holdco Group as a whole and its general financial condition and operating performance, which in turn will be 
affected by general economic conditions and by financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond its 
control. The obligations of the Borrower to make payments under the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities are 
full-recourse obligations and are not limited. 
In relation to the Class A IBLAs, unless previously repaid in full, the Borrower is required to repay each Class 
A IBLA Advance on its Final Maturity Date. A failure to repay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance on its Final 
Maturity Date will constitute a CTA Event of Default. However such failure to repay will not give rise to a 
Class A Note Event of Default or an obligation on the part of the Obligor Security Trustee to accelerate the 
Class A IBLA and the other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities outstanding under other Class A Authorised 
Credit Facilities unless instructed to do so by the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors pursuant to the STID. 
The ability of the Issuer to redeem the Class A Notes on their Expected Maturity Date is dependent on the 
repayment in full of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance by the Borrower. The Borrower cannot assure 
Class A Noteholders that the business of the Holdco Group will generate sufficient cash flow from operations 
or that future sources of capital will be available to it in an amount sufficient to enable the Borrower to service 
its indebtedness, including the Class A IBLA Advances, or to fund the other liquidity needs of the Holdco 
Group. See further “—Risks Relating to our Financial Profile—We will require a significant amount of cash to 
meet our obligations under our indebtedness and sustain our business operations, and our ability to do so will 
depend on many factors beyond our control”. 
If the Holdco Group is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy the Borrower’s debt obligations, it may 
have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring the Borrower’s debt, selling 
assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital to enable repayment of the

--- Page 65 ---
44 
Class A IBLA Advances and/ or the other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities. Any refinancing by the Borrower 
and/or the Issuer will be subject to certain conditions (including, without limitation, the then prevailing market 
conditions for that type of transaction and in particular the availability or absence of liquidity in the debt capital 
markets and/or the term loan markets and the current/proposed rating of the Class A and Class B Notes). No 
assurance can be given that these conditions will be favourable at the time any refinancing is required. Any 
such refinancing may not be possible, and assets may need to be sold to cover any shortfall. If assets are sold, 
the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds that may be realised from those sales cannot be guaranteed. 
Investors should also note that any additional financing may not be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all. The 
CTA will regulate the ability of members of the Holdco Group to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from 
any such disposition. The inability of the Holdco Group to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt 
obligations, or to refinance any indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, would materially and adversely 
affect the Holdco Group’s financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Borrower to pay 
the principal and interest on its indebtedness and ultimately the repayment of the Class A Notes. Failure of the 
Borrower to refinance by the Final Maturity Date of a Class A IBLA Advance will result in a CTA Event of 
Default. Such a default could result in the enforcement of security and the Class A Noteholders may receive an 
amount less than the Principal Amount Outstanding on their Class A Notes. See “—Risks relating to Security, 
Enforcement and Insolvency”. 
Furthermore, under the terms of the CTA the Borrower is permitted to incur further indebtedness and such 
indebtedness can be used, among other things, to refinance existing debt, to purchase additional assets, 
Permitted Businesses and/or Permitted Joint Venture Investment and/or for the payment of dividends, subject 
to satisfaction of certain conditions. Any increase in borrowings as contemplated above could cause the Holdco 
Group to become over-indebted and may cause substantial financial stress to the Holdco Group. See further 
“Summary of the Common Documents”, “Summary of the Finance Documents” and “Description of Other 
Indebtedness”. 
The transfer of the Class A Notes is restricted, which may adversely affect their liquidity and the 
price at which they may be sold. 
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable 
laws. These restrictions may limit the ability of investors to resell the Class A Notes. It is an investor’s 
responsibility to ensure that all offers and sales of the Class A Notes within the United States and other 
jurisdictions comply with applicable securities and other laws. See “Important Notices” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”. We have not agreed to or otherwise undertaken to register the Class A Notes under the Securities 
Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and do not have any intention to do so in the future. 
Corporate benefit and financial assistance laws and other limitations on the obligations under the 
guarantees of the Class A IBLAs may adversely affect the validity and enforceability of those 
guarantees. 
The guarantees of the Class A IBLAs and the amounts recoverable thereunder will be limited to the maximum 
amount that can be guaranteed by a particular guarantor without rendering the guarantee, as it relates to that 
guarantor, voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law. Enforcement of the obligations under the 
relevant guarantee against a guarantor will be subject to certain defences available to the relevant guarantor. 
These laws and defences may include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance, financial assistance, corporate 
benefit and regulations or defences affecting the rights of creditors generally. If one or more of these laws and 
defences are applicable, the relevant guarantor may have no liability or decreased liability under any Class A 
IBLA or its guarantee of that Class A IBLA may be unenforceable.

--- Page 66 ---
45 
Certain secured creditors may challenge the validity or enforceability of one or more features of the 
financing structure under the Programme and any challenge may adversely affect the rights of other 
secured creditors, including the holders of the Class A Notes. 
The financing transactions described in this Base Prospectus have been structured based on English law and 
practice as in effect on the date of the establishment of the Programme. It is possible that a secured creditor that 
is subject to laws other than the laws of England and Wales may seek to challenge the validity or enforceability 
of one or more features of the financing structure under the local laws of such creditor’s jurisdiction. Potential 
investors should be aware that the outcome of any such challenge may depend on a number of factors, including 
the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than England and Wales. There can be no assurance that any 
challenge would not adversely affect, directly or indirectly, the rights of the other secured creditors, including 
the holders of the Class A Notes, the market value of the Class A Notes or the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes. 
Risks Relating to our Financial Profile 
We will require a significant amount of cash to meet our obligations under our indebtedness and 
sustain our business operations, and our ability to do so will depend on many factors beyond our 
control. 
Our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, including making principal, interest and other 
payments when due under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Class A IBLAs, the Class 
B3 IBLA, the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes, as well as our ability to 
fund our ongoing business operations, will depend upon our future operating performance and our ability to 
generate cash, which, in turn, will be affected to some extent by general economic conditions and by financial, 
competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, including those factors discussed in these “Risk Factors” 
and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, many of which are beyond our control. 
The future performance of our business and results of operations may not be similar to our historic performance 
or results of operations described in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that 
our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings, revenue 
growth and operating improvements will be realised or that future sources of debt or equity financing will be 
available on favourable terms, or at all, in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to 
fund our other liquidity needs. 
Our access to debt, equity and other financing as a source of funding for our operations and for refinancing 
maturing debt will also be subject to many factors, many of which are beyond our control. The type, timing and 
terms of any future financing will depend on our cash needs and the prevailing conditions in the financial 
markets, including in the corporate bond, term loan and equity markets. We cannot assure you that these 
conditions will be favourable at the time any refinancing is required to be undertaken or that we will be able to 
complete any such refinancing in a timely manner or on favourable terms, if at all. For instance, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of HoldCo and the Issuer for the year ended 31 January 2023 refer to a 
material uncertainty on the AA Group’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period in excess of a year 
from the date of issue of the financial statements. While the directors of HoldCo and the Issuer have a reasonable 
expectation that the AA Group, HoldCo and the Issuer have adequate resources to continue in operational 
existence for the foreseeable future, it remains a key assumption for the basis of preparation of such financial 
statements that the AA Group continues to have ready access to debt markets to enable its borrowings to be 
refinanced (see the financial statements of HoldCo and the Issuer, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
for more information).

--- Page 67 ---
46 
In particular, interest rate fluctuations (particularly where there is an increase in the base rate of interest), 
inflation expectations and impact, an economic downturn, changes in the UK regulatory environment or other 
industry developments which weaken the strength of our competitive position or prospects could increase our 
cost of borrowing, requiring more cash to service debt or restrict our ability to obtain debt, equity and other 
financing. Both our creditworthiness and the creditworthiness of many financial institutions may be closely 
interrelated as a result of credit, derivative, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. As a 
result, concerns about, or a default or threatened defaults by, one or more financial institutions could also lead 
to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, including losses or defaults by other institutions. This 
may adversely affect the financial institutions, such as banks and insurance providers, with which we interact 
on a regular basis, as well as cause disruptions in the capital or credit markets, and therefore could adversely 
affect our ability to raise needed funds or access liquidity. The material adverse effect on the creditworthiness 
of the AA Group may be additionally exacerbated in the case of the AA Group given that the AA Group has 
substantial leverage (see – “Risks Relating to our Financial Profile - Our substantial leverage could materially 
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prevent us from servicing 
our payment obligations under our indebtedness.”). 
If, on the Final Maturity Date or on the Expected Maturity Date for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, or at the 
maturity of any of our indebtedness, we do not have sufficient cash flows from operations and other capital 
resources to repay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance and redeem the Class A Notes in full or pay our other 
debt obligations, as the case may be, or if we are otherwise unable to fund our other ongoing liquidity needs, 
we may be required to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, 
selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or raising additional debt or equity financing in amounts 
that could be substantial or on unfavourable terms. If assets are sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of 
proceeds that may be realised from those sales cannot be guaranteed and the terms of our indebtedness, 
including pursuant to the CTA and the Class A IBLAs, will limit our ability to pursue these and other measures. 
See “Summary of the Common Documents” and “Summary of the Finance Documents”. 
Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations or to refinance our indebtedness 
on acceptable terms, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results 
of operations, as well as our ability to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the Class A 
Notes. Any failure to refinance our indebtedness, including under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital 
Facility, the Class A IBLAs, the Class B3 IBLA, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes, on or prior to the 
applicable maturity date, may result in us defaulting on such indebtedness. The occurrence of any such default 
could result in the enforcement of the collateral granted to secure the applicable indebtedness, including under 
the Class A IBLAs and the Class A Notes, and, as a result of such enforcement, you may receive an amount that 
is less than your original investment in the Class A Notes. See “—Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and 
Insolvency.” 
Our substantial leverage could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and 
results of operations and prevent us from servicing our payment obligations under our indebtedness. 
The Holdco Group is highly leveraged and has significant debt service obligations. As of 31 January 2023, the 
Holdco Group’s total outstanding indebtedness was £2,309 million. We expect that our substantial leverage will 
continue in the medium term.  
We may also be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including future Class A Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. Although the terms of our indebtedness, including under the CTA and 
the Class A IBLAs, provide for restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, such restrictions are 
subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, in certain circumstances, the amount of 
indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with those restrictions could be substantial.

--- Page 68 ---
47 
The degree to which we are leveraged, as well as any further increase in our borrowings, could have important 
consequences for our business and holders of the Class A Notes, including: 
 
making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Class A IBLAs and, 
consequently, the Class A Notes; 
 
increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and 
industry conditions, including rises in interest rates; 
 
restricting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or pursue other business opportunities; 
 
together with the financial and other restrictive covenants under our indebtedness, limiting our ability to 
obtain additional financing, dispose of assets or pay cash dividends other than as permitted by the terms 
of our indebtedness; 
 
requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our 
indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital 
expenditure, other general corporate requirements and dividend payments; 
 
requiring us to sell or otherwise dispose of assets used in our business in order to fund our substantial 
debt service obligations; 
 
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which 
we operate; 
 
placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 
increasing our cost of borrowing. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our 
significant debt obligations, including under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Class A 
IBLAs, the Class B3 IBLA, the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes. Any 
failure to make payments on our indebtedness when due could give rise to an event of default under the 
applicable debt instruments. In such circumstances, the Obligor Security Trustee or Issuer Security Trustee, as 
the case may be, may declare all amounts outstanding under the applicable debt instruments to be immediately 
due and payable and initiate enforcement proceedings against the collateral we have provided to secure our 
obligations under such debt instruments, all or any of which actions could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We are subject to restrictive covenants that limit our financial and operating flexibility, which could 
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The terms of the CTA require us to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests, 
as well as restrict our ability to prepay certain indebtedness, including our indebtedness under the Class A 
IBLAs and the Class A Notes. All these restrictions and limitations are subject to significant exceptions and 
qualifications. See “Summary of the Common Documents”. It is also possible that our compliance with such 
financial ratio maintenance covenants may not necessarily be indicative of our actual cash position, due to the 
fact that certain metrics thereof are based on non-cash items. 
The covenants to which we are subject could limit our ability to plan for, or react to, market conditions, as well 
as adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital 
needs, implement our business plans, pursue business opportunities and engage in other business activities that 
may be in our best interests.

--- Page 69 ---
48 
Our ability to comply with the applicable covenants, financial ratios and tests under our debt instruments may 
be adversely affected by events beyond our control and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply 
with their requirements. A breach of any of the covenants, financial ratios or tests to which we are subject could 
result in adverse consequences for us under the Issuer Transaction Documents. Furthermore, following the 
occurrence of any CTA Event of Default, subject to applicable cure periods and other limitations on acceleration 
or enforcement, the relevant creditors could cancel the availability of the applicable facilities and elect to declare 
all outstanding amounts, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. In addition, any CTA 
Event of Default could lead to an event of default and acceleration under other debt instruments that contain 
cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions. If our creditors, including the creditors under the Senior Term 
Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility and the Class B3 IBLA, accelerate the payment of 
outstanding amounts, we cannot assure you that our assets or the proceeds thereof would be sufficient to repay 
in full those outstanding amounts, satisfy all our other liabilities which would be due and payable and make 
payments to enable us to repay the Class A IBLA Advances and, consequently, the Class A Notes, in whole or 
in part. In addition, if we are unable to repay those outstanding amounts, our creditors could proceed to enforce 
against any collateral granted to them to secure repayment of those outstanding amounts, which could materially 
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Events of default may occur without the knowledge of the Obligor Security Trustee if we fail to 
notify the Obligor Security Trustee of such event.  
The STID provides that the Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled to assume, unless it is otherwise disclosed 
in any investor report or compliance certificate or the Obligor Security Trustee is expressly informed otherwise, 
that no CTA Event of Default, Potential CTA Event of Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will not be required to monitor whether any such event has occurred. It will fall 
to the Obligors to make these determinations, as well as the determinations of the financial and operational 
positions underlying them, which may be subjective. The Obligor Security Trustee shall not be obliged to make 
any such determinations and shall be able to conclusively rely on any investor report or compliance certificate 
provided to it without being obliged to enquire as to the accuracy or validity of any such investor report or 
compliance certificate. If we fail to notify the Obligor Security Trustee of the occurrence of a CTA Event of 
Default, a Trigger Event, it is likely that neither the Obligor Security Trustee, any Obligor Secured Creditor nor 
any Issuer Secured Creditor (including the holders of the Class A Notes) would know that a CTA Event of 
Default, a Trigger Event or a Share Enforcement Event has occurred, the occurrence of which may indicate that 
an individual Obligor or the Holdco Group as a whole is experiencing financial or other difficulties. The absence 
of such notice may result in the Obligor Security Trustee, any Obligor Secured Creditor and any Issuer Secured 
Creditor being unable to enforce their rights in a timely manner, potentially resulting in greater losses on their 
investment that would have been the case had such notice of default been given by the Obligors when such 
notice might have first been delivered. 
Certain events could trigger a change of control, which may require a prepayment of certain 
indebtedness  
Following the occurrence of a Share Enforcement Event, the Obligor Security Trustee may (at the direction of 
Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Topco 
Secured Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 Notes even where the majority of the holders of the 
Class B Notes are not in favour of such enforcement) enforce the Topco Security. In the event that the Topco 
Security is enforced this could also give rise to a change of control mandatory prepayment obligation under any 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility which contains such provision. 
In addition, the ultimate shareholders of the Holdco Group may decide to sell the Holdco Group, which may 
also trigger a change of control mandatory prepayment obligation in any Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
which contains such a provision.

--- Page 70 ---
49 
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy the Borrower’s debt obligations (including the 
mandatory prepayment of indebtedness arising from a change of control), it may have to undertake alternative 
financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring its debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital 
investments or seeking to raise additional capital. Any refinancing by us is subject to certain conditions 
(including, without limitation, the then prevailing market conditions for that type of transaction and in particular 
the availability or absence of liquidity in the debt capital markets and/ or the term loan markets). No assurance 
can be given that these conditions will be favourable at the time any refinancing is required. Any such 
refinancing may not be possible, and assets may need to be sold to cover any shortfall. If assets are sold, the 
timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds that may be realised from those sales cannot be guaranteed. 
Therefore the Borrower may not have sufficient funds to make any mandatory prepayment as and when it is 
required to be made and, ultimately, the Issuer may be unable to satisfy its obligations with respect to the Class 
A Notes. 
It is not unusual for contracts with commercial counterparties to provide rights of termination upon a change of 
control occurring with respect to their commercial counterparty. Accordingly, in addition to the mandatory 
prepayment obligations described above, certain commercial counterparties contracting with members of the 
Holdco Group may exercise their right to terminate the contractual agreement of a change of control of the 
Holdco Group were to occur. In such circumstances we may not be able to find alternative commercial 
counterparties to replace the terminated arrangements or we may not be able to find alternatives with equally 
advantageous commercial terms. 
Amounts in the Defeasance Account may be released to the Borrower  
As an alternative to prepayment or redemption of the relevant Class A Notes or Class A Authorised Credit 
Facilities, the Borrower may credit amounts to the Defeasance Account in certain circumstances. Those amounts 
include: 
 
amounts in respect of Excess Cashflow credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to paragraph 2 of 
Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments while a Trigger Event is continuing—see 
further “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—
Defeasance Account” and “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priorities of Payment”; 
 
amounts attributable to an Equity Cure Amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to the terms 
of the CTA; 
 
amounts required to be paid into the Defeasance Account pursuant to the CTA where a voluntary 
prepayment or Debt Purchase Transaction is made while a Trigger Event is continuing; and 
 
amounts in respect of Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds required to be applied in prepayment 
of Class A Authorised Credit Facilities while a Trigger Event is continuing. 
Amounts credited to the Defeasance Account are held for the pro rata benefit of the Class A Authorised Credit 
Providers under any fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (and therefore indirectly the Class A 
Noteholders which hold Fixed Rate Class A Notes) in respect of which the relevant amounts were credited. 
However such amounts may be released from the Defeasance Account where the event or circumstance giving 
rise to the requirement to credit such amounts to the Defeasance Account is no longer continuing. See further 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Defeasance 
Account”. Consequently, amounts available in the Defeasance Account will not in all circumstances be applied 
to repay any Class A IBLA and therefore Class A Noteholders and may be released to the Borrower.

--- Page 71 ---
50 
Hedging Risks  
Our use of hedging instruments may not adequately mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in interest 
rates or may expose us to additional risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
We seek to mitigate our exposure to interest rate fluctuations in respect of our indebtedness under the Senior 
Term Facility, which bears interest at a variable rate, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility which bears 
interest at a variable rate, the Class A IBLAs, any future Class A IBLA and additional Class A Notes related 
thereto, through the use of hedging instruments, including forward contracts and interest rate swaps. Under the 
terms of the CTA, we are required to hedge interest payments on at least 75% of the outstanding balance of our 
floating rate debt for a period of five years. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”. There can be no assurance that we will, or will be able to, 
correctly anticipate our full exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that 
we will, or will be able to, hedge our full exposure or that our hedging transactions will be effective. The use 
of derivatives is a highly specialised activity that involves investment techniques and risks different from those 
associated with our ordinary business. Depending on market conditions and movements in interest rates, our 
use of hedging transactions could enhance or harm our overall performance compared to our competitors. In 
addition, we will be subject to the creditworthiness of the counterparties under our hedging transactions, and 
we will be exposed to the risk of insolvency or default on the part of our hedge counterparties. Our business, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of these 
risks materialise. 
The Holdco Group’s and Issuer’s hedging contracts expose the Holdco Group and the Issuer to 
contingent liabilities that are volatile and may crystallise into cash obligations in the future. 
The Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s interest rate, currency and/or commodity price hedging strategies involve 
entering into derivative contracts that require the Holdco Group (and, if the Issuer enters into any Hedging 
Agreement in the future, the Issuer) to fund cash payments in certain circumstances. The extent of these 
liabilities depends on financial market conditions and expectations of future rate and price movements that are 
beyond the Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s control. These payments are contingent liabilities and therefore 
may not appear on the Holdco Group’s and/or the Issuer’s statement of financial position. 
The Holdco Group and the Issuer are subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early 
termination of, the Hedging Agreements by Hedge Counterparties or, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements 
by OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties. If a Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement is 
terminated and the Holdco Group and/or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to find a replacement Hedge 
Counterparty or a replacement OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the funds available to the Holdco Group 
and/or the Issuer may be insufficient to meet their respective obligations in full as a result of adverse fluctuations 
in inter alia interest rates, exchange rates and/or commodity prices or making any termination payments to the 
relevant Hedge Counterparty and/or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty. 
The Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s ability to fund their respective contingent liabilities will depend on the 
liquidity of the Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund 
these contingent liabilities could adversely impact the Holdco Group’s and/or the Issuer’s financial condition. 
For details of the Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s option to terminate under the Hedging Agreements and the 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreements, see the section headed “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”.

--- Page 72 ---
51 
Absence of credit rating triggers in Hedging Agreements and OCB Secured Hedging Agreements. 
Although the Holdco Group and the Issuer will only be permitted to enter into Hedging Transactions and OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions with suitably rated counterparties, the rating of which is to be tested only on the 
entry into each Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging Transaction, as applicable (see “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Hedging Policy—Principles relating to Hedging 
Agreements”), the Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements will not include early 
termination triggers referencing the credit ratings of the relevant Hedge Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparties. As a consequence, the Holdco Group and the Issuer will not be entitled to replace Hedge 
Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties (as applicable) with more creditworthy counterparties if 
they are downgraded and the Hedge Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties (as applicable) will 
not be obliged to post collateral under such circumstances. Such downgrades may lead to the credit ratings of 
the Class A Notes being downgraded. 
Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency  
The collateral may not be sufficient to secure the obligations under the Class A IBLAs, the Class A 
Notes and any other future indebtedness ranking pari passu with the foregoing, and, in the event of 
any enforcement of security, you may recover an amount that is less than your original investment 
in the Class A Notes. 
The Class A IBLAs and the Class A Notes are secured by security interests in the collateral described in this 
Base Prospectus. The value of any collateral and the amount to be received upon any enforcement of such 
collateral will depend upon many factors, including the ability to sell the collateral in an orderly sale, economic 
and market conditions and the availability of buyers. The book value of the collateral should not be relied on as 
a measure of realisable value for such assets. All or a portion of the collateral may be illiquid and may have no 
readily ascertainable market value. Likewise, we cannot guarantee that there will be a market for the sale of the 
collateral, or, if such a market exists, that there will not be a substantial delay in its liquidation. In addition, the 
share pledges of an entity may be of no value if that entity is subject to insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. 
Furthermore, the multijurisdictional nature of any foreclosure on the collateral may limit the realizable value of 
the collateral. For example, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and/or other laws of various jurisdictions 
may be materially different from, or conflict with each other, including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority 
of government and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceedings. 
Accordingly, we can provide no assurance that the proceeds realised as a result of an enforcement of any 
collateral will be sufficient to discharge in full the amounts due on the Class A IBLA Advances, and 
consequently the Class A Notes, nor can we provide any assurance that holders of the Class A Notes will not be 
adversely affected by such realisation or enforcement. 
The enforcement and disposal of the Obligor Security by the Obligor Security Trustee may be 
subject to the Security Trustee obtaining a fairness opinion. 
On an enforcement of the Obligor Security under the Obligor Security Documents, the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Creditors, subject to having passed the necessary resolution in accordance with the STID (see “Summary 
of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of Obligor Security”), will 
have the right to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to enforce the Obligor Security and dispose of assets 
and/or the shares in the Obligors without the approval of any Obligor Junior Secured Creditors (including the 
Class B Noteholders via the Issuer). However, if there are Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding at the 
time under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility (including the Class B3 IBLA), the Obligor Security Trustee 
may only dispose of any Obligor Secured Property with a value above £10 million if a fairness opinion from a 
financial adviser has been first commissioned unless certain exceptions apply. For further information see 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of Obligor

--- Page 73 ---
52 
Security”. Any requirement to obtain a fairness opinion could delay the realisation of the Obligor Secured 
Property upon an enforcement of the Obligor Security. 
The enforcement and/or acceleration of Obligor Security may be subject to instructions from the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The STID provides that, except where the Obligor Security Trustee is mandatorily required to appoint an 
Administrative Receiver, the Obligor Security Trustee may only take enforcement action in respect of the 
Obligor Security if so instructed by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors in accordance with the STID. As 
long as there are Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities outstanding, the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors will comprise the providers of any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including the STF Lenders, 
the WCF Lenders and the Issuer as the lender under any Class A IBLA but excluding the Liquidity Facility 
Providers) and the Hedge Counterparties and the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties (for the purposes of 
voting on enforcement). If the proposed enforcement action includes serving a Loan Acceleration Notice on the 
Borrower to accelerate the Obligor Secured Liabilities or to approve any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted 
Business or the shares in a member of the Holdco Group subject to the Obligor Security and the Outstanding 
Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is less than or equal to £1,250.0 million at the relevant time, then 
the resolution to direct the Obligor Security Trustee to take such action must be approved by both the Bank 
Instructing Group and the Note Instructing Group. If the Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs 
is greater than £1,250.0 million, then such resolution must be approved by the Class A Instructing Group. See 
the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of 
Obligor Security” for further information. The AA Pension Trustees will not form part of the Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditors. The Obligor Senior Secured Creditors in respect of the Senior Term Facility and the Working 
Capital Facility may have interests and views which compete with those of the Class A Noteholders. As a result, 
the Class A Noteholders (via the Issuer) may not be able to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take 
enforcement action in respect of the Obligor Security and the Obligors (see the section entitled “Summary of 
the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities”). 
It may be difficult to realise the value of the collateral. 
The collateral securing, among other things, the Class A IBLAs, the Class A Notes, the Class B3 Loan and the 
Class B3 Notes, as the case may be, will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and 
other imperfections permitted under Issuer Class A Transaction Documents, the Class B3 IBLA or the STID 
and accepted by other creditors that have the benefit of first-priority security interests in the collateral securing 
the Class A Notes or Class A IBLAs from time to time, whether on or after the date the Class A Notes are first 
issued. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could 
adversely affect the value of the collateral securing the Class A Notes and Class A IBLAs, as well as the ability 
of the Obligor Security Trustee to realise or foreclose on such collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking 
of security interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including the timely satisfaction of perfection 
requirements, statutory liens or recharacterisation under the laws of certain jurisdictions. 
The security interests of the Obligor Security Trustee will be subject to practical problems generally associated 
with the realisation of security interests in collateral. For example, the Obligor Security Trustee may need to 
obtain the consent of a third-party to enforce a security interest. We cannot guarantee that the Obligor Security 
Trustee will be able to obtain any such consents. Neither can we guarantee that the consents of any third parties 
will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Obligor Security Trustee 
may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the collateral may significantly decrease. 
In addition, our business requires a variety of permits and licenses. The continued operation of properties that 
comprise part of the collateral and which depend on the maintenance of such permits and licenses may be 
prohibited or restricted. Our business is subject to regulations and permitting requirements and may be adversely

--- Page 74 ---
53 
affected if we are unable to comply with existing regulations or requirements or if changes in applicable 
regulations or requirements occur. In the event of foreclosure, the grant of permits and licenses may be revoked, 
the transfer of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and 
expense. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that the applicable Governmental Authorities will consent to the 
transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not obtained, are delayed 
or are uneconomical to obtain, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary or lasting shutdown of operations 
may result, and the value of the collateral may significantly decrease. 
The security interests in the collateral will be granted to the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer 
Security Trustee, as the case may be, rather than directly to the creditors in respect of the applicable 
indebtedness. The ability of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee to enforce 
certain of the collateral may be restricted by local law. 
The security interests in the collateral that will secure our obligations under, among other things, the Class A 
IBLAs, the Class A Notes, the Class B3 Loan, the Class B3 Notes and the Topco Payment Undertaking will not 
be granted directly to the creditors in respect of such indebtedness, but will be granted only in favour of the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be. Accordingly, only the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, will have the right to enforce the applicable 
security. As a consequence, the creditors in respect of such indebtedness, including the holders of the Class A 
Notes, will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the 
collateral securing such indebtedness, except, in the case of the holders of the Class A Notes, through the 
Class A Note Trustee, who will (subject to the provisions of the STID and, as applicable, the Issuer Deed of 
Charge) provide instructions to the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, 
in respect of the applicable collateral. 
The ability of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, to enforce the 
applicable security will be subject to mandatory provisions of the laws of England and Wales, Jersey and 
Ireland, as applicable, the jurisdictions in which security over the collateral is taken. 
Guarantees, payment undertakings and security may constitute a transaction at an undervalue or 
preference. 
A liquidator or administrator of a provider of a guarantee, a payment undertaking and/or security incorporated 
in England could apply to the court to unwind the issuance thereof; provided that it was granted during the two 
years before the onset of insolvency, if such liquidator or administrator believed that issuance of such 
constituted a transaction at an undervalue. The Holdco Group believes that such guarantee, payment 
undertaking and security will not be a transaction at an undervalue and that such guarantee, payment 
undertaking and security will be provided in good faith for the purposes of carrying on the business of each 
provider incorporated in England and its subsidiaries and that there are reasonable grounds for believing that 
the transactions will benefit each such provider. However, there can be no assurance that the provision thereof 
will not be challenged by a liquidator or administrator or that a court would support the Holdco Group’s 
analysis. If the provisions of such guarantee, payment undertaking and security were determined to be 
transactions at an undervalue, the court may make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it 
would have been if such guarantee, payment undertaking and security had not been given or made. 
If the liquidator or administrator can show that any one of the Obligors has given a “preference” to any person 
within six months of the onset of liquidation or administration (or two years if the preference is to a “connected 
person”) and, at the time of the preference, the relevant Obligor, as the case may be, was technically insolvent 
or became so as a result of the preferential transaction, a court has the power, among other things, to void the 
preferential transaction. For these purposes, a company gives preference to a person if that person is one of the 
company’s creditors (or a surety or guarantor for any of the company’s debts or liabilities) and the company

--- Page 75 ---
54 
takes an action which has the effect of putting that person into a position which, in the event of the company 
going into insolvent liquidation, will be better than the position that person would have been in if that thing had 
not been done. The court may not make an order in respect of a preferential transaction unless it is satisfied that 
the company was influenced by a desire to put that person in a better position. Although for a connected person 
such desire is (rebuttably) presumed. This provision of English insolvency law may affect transactions entered 
into or payments made by any of the Obligors during the relevant period prior to the liquidation or 
administration of such Obligor. 
In addition, if it can be shown that a transaction entered into by an English company was made for less than fair 
value and was made to shield assets from creditors, then the transaction may be set aside as a transaction 
defrauding creditors. Any person who is a “victim” of the transaction, and not just liquidators or administrators, 
may assert such a claim. There is no statutory time limit within which a claim must be made (although the 
normal provisions under the Limitation Act 1980 will apply) and the company need not be insolvent at the time 
of the transaction. The Obligors do not believe that they have entered into any transactions which may be 
regarded as being for less than fair value or to shield assets from their creditors. 
A delay in regulatory consent for the enforcement of security could materially adversely affect the 
interests of the holders of the Class A Notes. 
On an enforcement of the security granted under the Obligor Security Documents, the Obligor Security Trustee 
may elect to effect the enforcement by way of a sale of the shares in an Obligor or a sale of the shares in a 
Holding Company within the Holdco Group which owns an Obligor. Where such Obligor is engaged in either 
insurance or insurance intermediary business, such a sale will be subject to the consent of the PRA or the FCA. 
Any purchaser of such Obligor or such Holding Company (including Holdco) which owns such Obligor would 
be required to meet, among other things, a fit and proper person test. In such case, the consent of the PRA or 
the FCA, as applicable, will typically be granted within 60 business days of receipt of the relevant application, 
depending on the complexity of the request. The withholding or delay of the consent of the PRA or the FCA 
could adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Class A Notes in an enforcement scenario. 
On an enforcement of security over the assets of an Obligor which is an authorised person, the enforcement 
rights may not be exercised to the extent that any such enforcement action would cause the relevant Obligor to 
have regulatory capital which is less than a specified amount (the amount being its regulatory capital 
requirement or in certain circumstances a lower amount). 
The Issuer is incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales and therefore may be 
subject to overseas insolvency law on the security enforcement process. 
It is likely that, given the fact that the Issuer is managed and operated from England and this is ascertainable to 
a third-party creditor (such that the creditor would assume the Issuer’s centre of main interests (as defined in 
the Insolvency (England and Wales) Rules 2016 (“COMI”)) are in England), the Issuer’s COMI is in England, 
as opposed to Jersey and any insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer could be commenced in England 
and conducted in accordance with the requirements of English insolvency laws (although noting that neither 
the Insolvency (England and Wales) Rules 2016 or EC Regulation No. 848/2015 on Insolvency Proceedings 
(the “Recast Insolvency Regulation”) apply as a matter of Jersey domestic law (see “—Insolvency laws and 
security enforcement in Jersey”)). If this is the case at the time that the relevant insolvency proceedings are 
opened, the Issuer may be subject to UK main insolvency proceedings, including administration, voluntary 
arrangements, or certain liquidation proceedings with confirmation by the court. This is because under the 
Insolvency (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/146) (as amended) the location of a debtor’s 
COMI in England and Wales remains one of the bases upon which the English courts can decide to open 
insolvency proceedings (such as liquidation or administration). Alternatively, English insolvency law may also

--- Page 76 ---
55 
be applicable to the Issuer if a request for assistance is made by the Jersey court to the English court under 
section 426 of the Insolvency Act. 
Even if the Issuer’s COMI were in England, or section 426 of the Insolvency Act applied, it is unlikely that it 
would be possible to appoint an Administrative Receiver in respect of the Issuer in England (so as to prevent 
the appointment of an English administrator) using the capital market exemption described in more detail above. 
This is because notwithstanding the fact that its COMI may be in England, the Issuer is unlikely to be considered 
a “company” for the purposes of section 28 of the Insolvency Act since they are not formed under one of the 
UK Companies Acts. 
Such UK insolvency proceedings do not benefit from automatic recognition in the Member States. The UK 
insolvency officeholder will therefore need to apply to the courts of each Member State where recognition is 
required to apply for such under domestic insolvency and/or private international laws of such Member State. 
There is no certainty that the insolvency proceeding will be recognised. Where the appointment of a UK office 
holder has been made in reliance on a UK domestic approach, there is a lesser degree of certainty still that there 
will be recognition in the relevant Member State. 
If insolvency proceedings were to be opened in a place other than England and Wales, such proceedings could 
be in parallel to proceedings opened in England. Such proceedings would not benefit from automatic 
recognition in England—although the officeholder could apply under the UNCITRAL Implementing 
Regulations (as defined below) which provide that foreign (i.e. non-English) insolvency proceedings may be 
recognised where any English company has its COMI or an “establishment” (being a place of operations where 
it carries out a non-transitory economic activity with human means and assets) in such foreign jurisdiction. The 
UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency was implemented, subject to certain modifications, in 
Great Britain on 4 April 2006 by The Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006, SI 2006/1030 (the 
“UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations”). The application of the UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations 
may be relevant where: (i) the Issuer has non-UK assets and/or foreign creditors which may be subject to or 
initiate foreign proceedings; and (ii) there is a company in the Holdco Group that is an Obligor and incorporated 
in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales and which does not have its COMI in England and Wales. This 
may inhibit the ability of the relevant trustee to appoint a Receiver in respect of such Obligor or may impose a 
mandatory stay on insolvency proceedings in the English courts which ultimately could lead to a delay in the 
realisation of security and/or a reduction in the amounts received from such realisation. 
Under the UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations, if foreign insolvency proceedings are commenced in respect 
of a company, then, upon application by the foreign representative (defined to be a person or body, including 
one appointed on an interim basis, authorised in a foreign proceeding to administer the reorganisation or the 
liquidation of the company’s assets or affairs or to act as a representative of the foreign proceeding), and 
provided that certain requirements are met, the English courts are required to recognise such proceedings. Any 
such recognition may in effect impact upon the availability of certain types of creditor action in England and 
Wales or, provided certain further requirements are met, result in the application of English avoidance 
(including claw-back) provisions. 
In addition, if the relevant foreign insolvency proceedings are recognised as “foreign main proceedings”, an 
automatic stay on certain types of creditor action will apply (including the commencement or continuation of 
certain legal proceedings) and the company’s right to transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of its assets will 
be suspended in England and Wales. In general, this stay and suspension will not restrict rights relating to the 
enforcement of security or of a creditor to set-off its claim against a claim of the company (so long as these 
rights could be exercised if the company had been made the subject of a winding up order under the Insolvency 
Act 1986). However, the foreign representative may also make an application to an English court to exercise its 
discretion to provide further relief, including the imposition of a wider stay (which may extend to restrictions

--- Page 77 ---
56 
on the rights referred to above), particularly if the foreign proceedings in question are reorganisation 
proceedings which, under the foreign insolvency law, give rise to a stay on security enforcement. 
Insolvency laws and security enforcement in Jersey. 
TAAL and the Issuer are incorporated under the laws of Jersey. The security interest agreements in respect of 
the shares in TAAL and the Issuer are governed by the laws of Jersey. Following 1 March 2022, a creditor with 
a claim of not less than £3,000 can make an application to the Court in Jersey for an order commencing a 
creditor’s winding up. 
Insolvency 
The principal type of insolvency procedure available to creditors under Jersey law is the application for an Act 
of the Royal Court of Jersey under the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended (the “Jersey 
Bankruptcy Law”) declaring the property of a debtor to be “en désastre” (a declaration). On a declaration of 
désastre, title and possession of the property of the debtor vest automatically in the Viscount, an official of the 
Royal Court (the “Viscount”). With effect from the date of declaration, a creditor has no other remedy against 
the property or person of the debtor, and may not commence or, except with the consent of the Viscount or the 
Royal Court, continue any legal proceedings to recover the debt. 
Additionally, the shareholders of a Jersey company (but not, prior to 1 March 2022, its creditors) can instigate 
a winding-up of an insolvent company, which is known as a “creditors’ winding up” pursuant to Chapter 4 of 
Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended (the “Jersey Companies Law”).  
On a shareholder approved creditors’ winding up, a liquidator is appointed, usually by the creditors. The 
liquidator will stand in the shoes of the directors and administer the winding up, gather assets, make appropriate 
disposals of assets, settle claims and distribute assets as appropriate. After the commencement of the winding 
up, no action can be taken or continued against the company except with the leave of the court. The corporate 
state and capacity of the company continues until the end of the winding up procedure, when the company is 
dissolved. The Jersey Companies Law requires a creditor of a company (subject to appeal) to be bound by an 
arrangement entered into by the company and its creditors immediately before or in the course of its winding 
up if (inter alia) three quarters in number and value of the creditors acceded to the arrangement. 
To make an application for a creditors' winding up, the creditor must establish that: 
(a) 
the debtor company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due 
(b) 
the creditor has evidence of the company's insolvency or 
(c) 
the creditor has the consent of the company 
(together the “Requirements”). 
A company will be deemed to be "unable to pay its debts" pursuant to (a) above if within 21 days of the creditor 
serving a statutory demand (in the prescribed form) on the company it fails to either: 
(i) 
pay the debt it owes to the creditor; or 
(ii) 
dispute the debt to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor 
It is expected that service of a statutory demand on the company will be the usual practice prior to a creditor 
applying to court for a creditors' winding up, other than in the exceptional circumstances under (b) and (c) 
above.

--- Page 78 ---
57 
Procedure for a court approved creditor's winding up 
The creditor must give the company (except in exceptional circumstances) 48 hours' notice before making the 
application to the Court. Notice of the application should be placed by the creditor in the Jersey Gazette no later 
than 24 hours before the application is heard by the Court. The application documents must be provided to the 
Bailiff's Chambers and the Judicial Greffe by no later than 5pm on the Tuesday immediately preceding the 
Friday upon which the application will be heard by the Royal Court. 
The Court will review the application and determine whether to approve (or dismiss) the commencement of the 
winding up process and the appointment of a liquidator. Where necessary, for example to prevent the dissipation 
of assets of a distressed debtor, the Court may also appoint a provisional liquidator at any time between the 
application being made and the making of the winding up order. 
At the hearing, if the Court is satisfied that at least one of the Requirements has been fulfilled, it may grant an 
order for the winding up of the company and for the appointment of a liquidator (or liquidators) with effect 
from such time as the Court deems fit. The Court will only appoint a liquidator who is a member of the newly 
created "Register of Approved Liquidators" which will be administered by the Viscount. 
The liquidator will publicise their appointment, call a meeting of the creditors of the company and, in advance 
of the creditors' meeting, the directors of the company must produce a statement as to the affairs of the company. 
The liquidator may then exercise all powers of the company to realise the company's assets, pay the company’s 
debts and wind up the company. 
The corporate state and capacity of the company continues until it is wound up but, from the start of the court 
approved creditors' winding up, the company must stop carrying on its business (other than as necessary for its 
winding up). The Court, after considering the application made, may make an order that a creditors’ winding 
up must commence from the date the application is made or such other date as the Court determines. 
The property of the company remains vested in the company but the powers of the directors will cease following 
the appointment of the liquidator (unless the Court or liquidator sanction their continuance). The liquidator 
stands in the shoes of the directors and acts as agent of the company. 
After the commencement of the winding up, no action can be taken or proceeded with against the company 
except by leave of the Court. 
Floating Charges. 
Under the laws of Jersey, a person incorporated, resident or domiciled in Jersey is deemed to have capacity to 
grant security governed by foreign law over property situated outside Jersey, but to the extent that any floating 
charge is expressed to apply to any asset, property and undertaking of a person incorporated, resident or 
domiciled in Jersey such floating charge is not likely to be held valid and enforceable by the Courts of Jersey 
in respect of Jersey-situs assets. 
Administrators, Receivers and Statutory and Non-statutory Requests for Assistance. 
The UK Insolvency Act 1986 (either as originally enacted or as amended, including by the provisions of the 
UK Enterprise Act 2002 (the “Enterprise Act”)) does not apply in Jersey and receivers, Administrative 
Receivers and administrators are not part of the laws of Jersey. Accordingly, the Courts of Jersey may not 
recognise the powers of an administrator, Administrative Receiver or other receiver appointed in respect of 
Jersey-situs assets. 
However, under Article 49(1) of the Jersey Bankruptcy Law, the Courts of Jersey may assist the courts of 
prescribed countries and territories, including the UK, in all matters relating to the insolvency of any person to 
the extent that the Courts of Jersey think fit. Further, in doing so, the Courts of Jersey may have regard to the

--- Page 79 ---
58 
UNCITRAL model law, even though the model law has not been (and is unlikely to be) implemented as a 
separate law in Jersey. 
If insolvency proceedings have been commenced in another jurisdiction in relation to a company, the nature 
and extent of the co-operation from Jersey is likely to depend on the nature of the requesting country’s 
insolvency regime. 
In the case of both statutory and non-statutory requests for assistance, it should not be assumed that the 
UNCITRAL provisions will automatically be followed. That is a matter for the discretion of the Courts of 
Jersey. It would also be wrong to assume for European countries that the position will be in accordance with 
the Recast Insolvency Regulation. Jersey does not form part of the European Community for the purposes of 
implementation of its directions. Accordingly, the Recast Insolvency Regulation does not apply as a matter of 
Jersey domestic law and the automatic test of centre of main interests does not apply as a result. 
Enforcement of Security and Security in Insolvency. 
Enforcement of a security interest against a Jersey company may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation, dissolution, re-organisation or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights of 
creditors and laws in relation to transactions at an undervalue, preferences, extortionate credit transactions, 
disclaimer of overseas property and fraudulent dispositions also apply in Jersey. 
Under Jersey law, security over Jersey-situs assets is created in accordance with the provisions of the Security 
Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 or the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012. The security interest agreements in 
respect of the shares in the Issuer and TAAL are governed by the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 rather 
than the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012 because they were entered into before the Security Interests 
(Jersey) Law 2012 came into full force and effect on January 2014. 
Under the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 a power of sale, or, where this is permitted, appropriation, are 
the only means of enforcing a security interest over intangible moveable property (such as shares) located in 
Jersey currently contemplated by the Jersey security interests law, and the ability of a secured party directly or 
indirectly to enforce or realise its security other than by exercising the statutory power of sale (or appropriation) 
is untested in the Courts of Jersey. Pursuant to the provisions of the Security Interests (Jersey) 1983 Law in 
order to exercise a power of sale or, where this is permitted, appropriation following an event of default, a 
secured party must serve on the party who gave the security (the “Debtor”) a notice specifying the particular 
event of default complained of and if the default is capable of remedy requiring the Debtor to remedy it and 
only if the Debtor fails to remedy the default (if it is capable of remedy) within fourteen days after receipt of 
such notice does the power of sale or appropriation become exercisable. A transfer of shares in a Jersey company 
(including in connection with enforcement of security), not being a transfer made to or with the sanction of the 
liquidator of the company in a creditors’ winding up (insolvent winding up) under the Jersey Companies Law, 
or the Viscount after the property of the company is declared to be en désastre under the Jersey Bankruptcy 
Law, and an alteration in the status of the company’s members made after the commencement of the creditors’ 
winding up or after such declaration of en désastre, is void. 
Fixed security interests may be recharacterised as floating security interests due to the degree of 
control exercised over certain underlying assets, including over bank accounts, and as a result the 
full proceeds of enforcement may not be available to repay the Obligor Secured Liabilities or the 
Issuer Secured Liabilities. 
There is a possibility that a court could find that the fixed security interests expressed to be created by the 
security documents governed by English law should, instead, take effect as floating charges, on the basis that 
the description given to them as fixed charges is not determinative.

--- Page 80 ---
59 
Whether the fixed security interests will be upheld as fixed security interests rather than floating security 
interests will depend, among other things, on whether the Obligor Security Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer Security Trustee has the requisite degree of control over the relevant assets and exercises that control in 
practice. 
The Borrower and the other Obligors have interests in a number of accounts, including accounts established in 
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. The Borrower and the other Obligors party to the 
Obligor Security Agreement have, pursuant to the terms of the Obligor Security Agreement, granted security 
over all of their interests in the accounts, which security is expressed to be by way of a fixed charge. 
Furthermore, under the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer will grant security over all of its bank accounts, which 
will also be expressed to be fixed security. 
Although the various bank accounts are stated to be subject to certain degrees of control (in certain cases only 
on the giving of notice following delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice), there is a risk that, if the Issuer 
Security Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee (as applicable) does not exercise the requisite degree of control 
over the relevant accounts in practice, a court could determine that the security interests granted in respect of 
those accounts take effect as floating security interests only and that the security interests granted over the assets 
from which the monies paid into the accounts are derived also take effect as floating security interests only, 
notwithstanding that the security interests are expressed to be fixed. In such circumstances, monies paid into 
accounts or derived from those assets could be diverted to pay preferential creditors, the costs of the insolvency 
process and certain other liabilities were a Receiver, liquidator or administrator to be appointed in respect of 
the relevant company in whose name the account is held. 
In addition to security over bank accounts, the Borrower and the other Obligors party to the Obligor Security 
Agreement have, pursuant to the Obligor Security Agreement, granted security, expressed to be by way of fixed 
charge, over certain other assets including certain Real Property, shares in certain members of the Holdco 
Group, intra-group loans and intellectual property. Further, pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer 
will grant security, expressed to be by way of a fixed charge, over certain other of its assets including Cash 
Equivalent Investments. There is a risk, as highlighted by the case of Ashborder BV & Ors v Green Gas Power 
Ltd & Ors (2004) EHWC 1517 (ch), that a court could determine that the nature and extent of the rights and 
obligations which the parties intended to create, as evidenced by the Transaction Documents, are inconsistent 
with the grant of a fixed security interest and that such security takes effect as floating charge security interests 
only, notwithstanding that the security interests are expressed to be fixed. 
If the fixed security interests are recharacterised as floating security interests, the claims of (i) the unsecured 
creditors of the relevant Obligor incorporated in England and Wales (or otherwise subject to insolvency 
proceedings in England and Wales) (“English Obligor”) or, as the case may be, the Issuer in respect of that 
part of the English Obligor’s net property which is ring-fenced as a result of the Enterprise Act and (ii) certain 
statutorily defined preferential creditors of the relevant English Obligor, may have priority over the rights of 
the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, to the proceeds of enforcement 
of such security in accordance with section 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986. To the extent that the assets of 
the Issuer or any Obligor are subject only to a floating charge (including any fixed charge recharacterised by 
the courts as a floating charge) in certain circumstances under the provisions of section 176A of the Insolvency 
Act 1986, certain floating charge realisations which would otherwise be available to satisfy the claims of 
secured creditors under the Issuer Deed of Charge or the Obligor Security Agreement may be first used to satisfy 
any claims of unsecured creditors, up to an amount equal to £800,000 (or an increased amount which may be 
provided for by statutory instrument) in respect of each relevant Obligor as set out in the Insolvency Act 1986 
(Prescribed Part) Order 2003. As a result, the full amount of the proceeds of enforcement of the security may 
not be available to repay the Class A IBLAs and, as a result, the Class A Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
60 
Further the costs and expenses of an administration or liquidation (including corporation tax on capital gains) 
will be payable out of floating charge assets in priority to the claims of the floating charge holder. As a result 
of the changes described above, upon the enforcement of the floating charge security granted by an English 
Obligor, floating charge realisations which would otherwise be available to satisfy the claims of secured 
creditors under the Issuer Deed of Charge and/or the Obligor Security Agreement will be reduced by at least a 
significant proportion of any administration or liquidation expenses. 
Floating charges given by the English Obligors may be deemed invalid for lack of consideration 
which would hinder the appointment of an administrator or an Administrative Receiver. 
Section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that, in certain circumstances, a floating charge granted by a 
company may be invalid in whole or in part. If a floating charge is held to be wholly invalid then it will not be 
possible to appoint an administrator or an Administrative Receiver of such company and, therefore, it will not 
be possible to prevent the appointment of an administrator of such company. The risk is, if a liquidator or 
administrator is appointed to the Issuer or the relevant Obligor within a period of one year (or two years if the 
transaction is with a connected person) (the “relevant time”) commencing upon the date on which the Issuer 
or that Obligor, as the case may be, grants a floating charge, the floating charge granted by the Issuer or that 
Obligor, as the case may be, will be invalid pursuant to section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 except to the 
extent of the consideration received by the relevant chargor at the time of or after the creation of the floating 
charge. The Issuer has and will have received consideration (namely, the Issuer will issue Class A Notes and 
Class B Notes and will receive the subscription monies therefor) and the Borrower has and will have received 
such consideration (namely, the Borrower will draw under the Class A IBLAs and the Class B IBLAs and the 
other Authorised Credit Facilities. As such, during the relevant time the floating charge granted by the Issuer 
will be valid to the extent of the amount of the Class A Notes and Class B Notes issued by the Issuer and the 
floating charge granted by the Borrower will be valid to the extent of the amount drawn by the Borrower under 
the Authorised Credit Facilities including the Class A IBLAs. The floating charge granted by each of the other 
Obligors will be valid to the extent of the £1,000 fee paid by the Borrower to the other Obligors and any other 
consideration received by the Obligors which qualifies as valid consideration for the purposes of Section 245 
of the Insolvency Act 1986 and may not be valid for the full amount of the property charged. However, such 
limitation on the validity of the floating charges will not of itself affect the ability of the Obligor Security Trustee 
to appoint an Administrative Receiver in respect of the English Obligors. After the relevant time it will not be 
possible for the floating charges granted by each of the Issuer, the Borrower or the English Obligors to be 
invalidated under section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986. 
The ability of the Obligor Secured Creditors to appoint an Administrative Receiver may be hindered 
by the application of the Enterprise Act in respect of floating charges. 
The provisions of the Enterprise Act restrict the right of the holder of a floating charge to appoint an 
Administrative Receiver (unless the security was created prior to 15 September 2003 or an exception applies) 
and instead give primacy to collective insolvency procedures (in particular, administration). 
The Insolvency Act 1986 contains provisions that continue to allow for the appointment of an Administrative 
Receiver in relation to certain transactions in the capital markets. The relevant exception provides that the 
appointment of an Administrative Receiver is not prohibited if it is made in pursuance of an agreement which 
is or forms part of a capital market arrangement (as defined in the Insolvency Act 1986) under which a party 
incurs or, when such agreement was entered into was expected to incur, a debt of at least £50.0 million and if 
the arrangement involves the issue of a capital market investment (also defined in the Insolvency Act 1986, but 
generally a rated, listed or traded debt instrument). This exception should be applicable to floating charges 
created by the English Obligors and assigned by way of security to the Obligor Security Trustee. However, as 
this issue is partly a question of fact, were it not possible to appoint an Administrative Receiver in respect of

--- Page 82 ---
61 
one or more of the English Obligors, such Obligors could be placed into administration if they were to become 
insolvent. 
The UK Secretary of State may, by secondary legislation, modify the exceptions to the prohibition on appointing 
an Administrative Receiver or provide that the exception shall cease to have effect. No assurance can be given 
that any such modification or provision in respect of the capital market exception, or its ceasing to be applicable 
to the transactions described in this Base Prospectus, will not be detrimental to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders. 
The ability of certain members of the Obligor group to seek a moratorium which could restrict 
creditors’ ability to enforce security. 
Pursuant to the Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020, a free-standing moratorium is available to 
protect certain companies, both UK and overseas if there is a sufficient connection with England, from creditor 
action for a specified period, granting a “payment holiday” for “pre-moratorium debts”. Pre-moratorium debts 
are debts due prior to the moratorium coming into force or debts which become due during the moratorium if 
they relate to obligations incurred before the moratorium comes into force. The moratorium is similar in scope 
to that which applies in administration, preventing security enforcement and legal proceedings among other 
things. In order to be eligible for the moratorium, a company must be or likely to be unable to pay its debts and 
the moratorium must be likely to result in the rescue of the company as a going concern. However, there are 
broad exclusions including for companies which are party to a capital markets arrangement. As a result, the 
moratorium is not available to members of the Obligor group. 
Risks relating to the Class A Notes  
The Class A Authorised Credit Facilities will rank behind certain third parties in respect of certain 
obligations of the Issuer and the Borrower. 
Although the Issuer Security Trustee will hold the benefit of the Issuer Security on trust for the Class A 
Noteholders and the Obligor Security Trustee will hold the benefit of the Obligor Security on trust for the 
Obligor Secured Creditors, such security interests will also be held on trust for certain third parties. Certain 
obligations of the Issuer to third parties rank ahead of the Class A Noteholders. Such persons include, among 
others, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee (in its individual capacity), the Liquidity Facility 
Providers, the Class A Paying Agents and the Issuer Account Bank in respect of certain amounts owed to them. 
To the extent that significant amounts are owing to any such persons, the amounts available to Class A 
Noteholders will be reduced. 
As noted above, amounts payable to certain other secured creditors will rank senior to payments of interest and 
principal on the Class A IBLA Advances and Class A Notes. In particular, the liabilities of certain members of 
the Holdco Group owing to the AA Ireland Pension Trustee will be secured by the Obligor Security and rank in 
priority to any other claims of the Obligor Senior Secured Creditors (excluding the Obligor Security Trustee 
and any Receiver) up to an amount not exceeding £10 million. Furthermore, the AA UK Pension Trustee, 
through its partnership interest, has a first ranking claim against IPCo of £200 million in respect of our brands. 
There is therefore a risk that if the loan note payments are not made to the Scottish limited partnership and the 
security is enforced, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s claim against IPCo for £200 million will rank ahead of other 
secured claims, including any Class A Notes. 
See “—Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency” and “Summary of the Finance Documents—
Class A IBLAs” for further details.

--- Page 83 ---
62 
Although the Issuer has funds available to it under the Liquidity Facility they may not be sufficient 
and the Liquidity Facility may not be available. 
Under the terms of the CTA, the Obligor must use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that for so long as, inter 
alia, any Class A Notes remain outstanding, each of the Borrower and the Issuer has available a Liquidity 
Facility and/or a liquidity reserve of an aggregate amount equal to its projected interest payments and certain 
other senior expenses in respect of Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding principal payments under any 
Working Capital Facility) including net payments under the Hedging Agreements to which it is a party for the 
following (prior to a Qualifying Public Offering) 18 months and (upon and following a Qualifying Public 
Offering and subject to a rating agency confirmation confirming the then current rating of the Class A Notes) 
12 months debt service. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to make drawings under 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement from time to time to cover shortfalls in the amounts available to the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of items 1 to 6 (inclusive but excluding any final payment on any Final Maturity Date 
and any Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination amounts or other unscheduled amounts due and 
payable pursuant to items 6(a) and 6(b)) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. See “Summary of 
the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Cash Management Agreement—Pre-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments”. 
In the event that one or more of certain events of default by the Issuer is outstanding under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, including non-payment of amounts payable by the Issuer to one or more Liquidity Facility 
Provider(s), such Liquidity Facility Provider(s) may cancel its commitments to make advances to the Issuer. 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement will expire 364 days after the date thereof, although it is renewable subject 
to certain conditions. The Liquidity Facility Providers are not obliged to extend or renew the Liquidity Facility 
at its expiry, but if a Liquidity Facility Provider does not renew or extend the Liquidity Facility on request then 
the Issuer will, subject to certain terms, be required to make a Standby Drawing and place the proceeds of that 
drawing on deposit in the Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
The Liquidity Facility Providers will be entitled to receive interest and repayments of principal on drawings 
made under the Liquidity Facility Agreement in priority to payments to be made to Class A Noteholders (which 
may ultimately reduce the amount available for distribution to Class A Noteholders). Interest applicable to any 
drawing under the Liquidity Facility Agreement is at a rate equal to the Liquidity Facility Margin of 4% plus 
the underlying reference rate. Step-up amounts are subordinated and a failure to pay the step-up amount will 
not amount to an event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
We depend on third parties for the provision of certain services in relation to the Class A Notes, and 
any failure by such third parties to provide those services in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant contract may adversely affect the interests of holders of Class A Notes. 
We are party to various contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform certain services in 
relation to, among other things, the Class A Notes. For example, the Liquidity Facility Providers have agreed 
to provide the Liquidity Facility, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider and the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Provider have agreed to provide various corporate services to the Issuer, and the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer 
Account Bank and the Paying Agents have agreed to provide, among other things, payment, administration and 
calculation services in connection with the Class A Notes. In the event that any relevant third-party fails to 
perform its obligations in accordance with the terms of the relevant contract, holders of the Class A Notes, as 
well as the Issuer, may have limited or no recourse against them and your interests may be adversely affected.

--- Page 84 ---
63 
The expected maturity date of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes is earlier than the respective final 
maturity date of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes. 
Our ability to redeem each Sub-Class of Class A Notes in full on its respective Expected Maturity Date will 
depend on the repayment in full of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance by the Borrower on its Final 
Maturity Date (which will coincide with the Expected Maturity Date of the corresponding Sub-Class of Class 
A Note). This, in turn, will depend on many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions 
and financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, together with the other risks described in 
this Base Prospectus. As a result, there can be no guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available to repay 
the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance on its Final Maturity Date and consequently redeem each Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes on its respective Expected Maturity Date. 
Accordingly, whilst a failure to repay the Class A IBLA Advance on its Final Maturity Date will result in a CTA 
Event of Default, the Class A Notes will not default at that time and will not default until the earlier of the Class 
A Note Final Maturity Date and a failure to pay interest thereon. 
The Issuer may, over time, issue other Sub-Classes or series of Class A Notes in relation to which the expected 
maturity date of such Class A Notes is earlier that the Expected Maturity Date and/or the Final Maturity date of 
Class A Notes which are already outstanding at that time. 
Modifications, waivers and consents in respect of the Common Documents, the Finance Documents 
and the Issuer Transaction Documents. 
The Obligor Security Trustee may as requested by the Holdco Group Agent by way of a STID Proposal 
designated by the Holdco Group Agent as being in respect of a Discretion Matter, in its sole discretion concur 
with the Holdco Group Agent in making any modification to, giving any consent under, or granting any waiver 
in respect of any breach or proposed breach of any Common Document to which the Obligor Security Trustee 
is a party or over which it has the benefit of the Obligor Security under the Obligor Security Documents, if (i) 
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court could 
reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical 
nature, or (ii) such modification, consent or waiver is not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The Issuer may also request the Class A Note Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent to 
any event, matter or thing, or grant any waiver in respect of the Issuer Transaction Documents (subject to the 
STID in relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the Issuer Common 
Documents) without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders or (subject to the below) any other 
Issuer Secured Creditor. 
The Class A Note Trustee may without the consent or sanction of Class A Noteholders and the other Issuer 
Secured Creditors, concur with, or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer or any other 
relevant parties in making (i) any modification to the Class A Conditions or the Issuer Transaction Documents 
(subject to the STID in relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the 
Issuer Common Documents) or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer Security 
Trustee holds security if, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, such modification is made to correct a 
manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court would reasonably be expected to make a 
rectification order, or is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature, or (ii) any modification (other 
than in respect of a Class A Basic Terms Modification) to the Class A Conditions or any Issuer Transaction 
Document (subject to the STID in relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation 
to the Issuer Common Document) or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer 
Security Trustee holds security if the Class A Note Trustee is of the opinion that such modification is not 
materially prejudicial (where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification, consent or waiver would

--- Page 85 ---
64 
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect 
of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) to the interests of the Class A Noteholders 
provided that to the extent such modification under (ii) above relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched 
Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent. 
The Class A Note Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Class A 
Note Event of Default, from time to time and at any time but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests 
of the Class A Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced (where “materially prejudiced” means that such 
waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or 
interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) thereby, waive or authorise 
(or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee to waive or authorise) any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of 
any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Class A Conditions or any Issuer Transaction Document 
(subject to the STID in relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the 
Issuer Common Documents) to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds security or determine that any 
event which would otherwise constitute a Class A Note Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the 
purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed provided that to the extent such event, matter or thing relates to an 
Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its prior 
written consent. 
Pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed and Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trustee is authorised to 
execute and deliver on behalf of each such Issuer Secured Creditor all documentation required to implement 
such modification. Such execution and delivery by the Class A Note Trustee will bind each of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors as if such documentation had been duly executed by it. 
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Common Documents or 
Issuer Transaction Documents will be favourable to all Class A Noteholders. Such changes may be detrimental 
to the interests of some or all Class A Noteholders, despite the ratings of such Class A Notes being affirmed. 
The conditions of the Class A Notes contain provisions for voting by Class A Noteholders to vote on matters 
affecting their interests generally (other than matters which concern the enforcement of the Obligor Security or 
modifications to the Common Documents, which matters may only be addressed in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the STID as described above). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Class 
A Noteholders including Class A Noteholders who do not vote on the relevant matter and Class A Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Voting by the Class A Noteholders in respect of a STID Proposal. 
The Class A Noteholders exercise their right to vote by “blocking” their Class A Notes in the clearing system 
and delivering irrevocable instructions to the Class A Registrar or the Class A Principal Paying Agent that the 
votes in respect of their Class A Notes are to be cast in a particular way. In respect of modifications, consents 
and waivers to the Common Documents, the Class A Note Trustee (as Secured Creditor Representative) is 
required to notify the Obligor Security Trustee of each vote received by the Class A Registrar or the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent no later than the Business Day on which any vote is received. The STID provides that 
as soon as the Obligor Security Trustee has received sufficient votes from the Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including the Class A Note Trustee as Secured Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders) in favour 
of a consent, modification or waiver of a Common Document, the Decision Period will be closed and no further 
votes will be taken into account by the Obligor Security Trustee. 
Accordingly, unless a Class A Noteholder exercises its right to vote at the beginning of a Decision Period, it is 
possible that a consent, modification or waiver of a Common Document may be approved by the Obligor 
Secured Creditors before such Class A Noteholder has participated in any vote and any consent, modification

--- Page 86 ---
65 
or waiver of a Common Document duly approved by the Obligor Secured Creditors shall be binding on all of 
the Class A Noteholders. 
There may be conflicts of interest between the holders of the different series of the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be required to have regard to only the interests of the holders of existing Class A 
Notes, and any new Class A Notes issued after the Closing Date as if they formed a single class of Class A 
Notes when exercising his powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions (except in circumstances set out in 
the Class A Note Trust Deed). Class A Noteholders may find their voting powers diluted by the issue of further 
series of Class A Notes. 
Class A Noteholders may have less control over STID Proposals than other Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditors. 
In respect of modifications, waivers or consents relating to the provisions of the Common Documents, the votes 
of the Class A Noteholders will be treated as a single class on a pound for pound basis with the other Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The votes of the Class A Noteholders cannot constitute a majority in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter or 
Extraordinary Voting Matter unless the Principal Amount Outstanding under the Class A Notes is sufficiently 
greater than the amounts outstanding under all the other Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities (including 
the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities) to do so. 
This is made more acute by the fact that only the votes of those Class A Noteholders who participate within the 
specified Decision Period will be taken into account in relation to any Ordinary Voting Matter or Extraordinary 
Voting Matter; whereas the entire outstanding principal amount under any Authorised Credit Facility will be 
counted to both the numerator and the denominator in respect of the Quorum Requirement and majority required 
once the requisite minimum quorum and voting requirement has been met in respect of such facility. This right 
with respect to the other Authorised Credit Providers is referred to as a “drag-along right”. It is possible that the 
interests of certain Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors will not be aligned with the interests of a series or 
Sub-Class of Class A Noteholders, and it is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, by reason of 
the relative size of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities that are capable of being voted by the Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors other than the Issuer and the drag-along rights with respect to the other Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities, the Obligor Security Trustee is given an instruction which is not in the interests of 
Class A Noteholders. 
The STID also contains “snooze you lose” provisions with the consequence that Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including, indirectly, the Class A Noteholders) which fail to participate in a vote or fail to assert an Entrenched 
Right within the applicable time period are not counted for the purposes of determining whether voting 
thresholds have been reached and are prevented from later asserting any applicable Entrenched Right 
respectively. 
Irrespective of the result of voting at a meeting of Class A Noteholders in relation to a proposed STID Proposal, 
any STID Proposal duly approved shall be binding on all of the Class A Noteholders. 
The Issuer is a special purpose company with no independent business operations or assets. 
The Class A Notes will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer is a special purpose company 
with no business operations other than the issue of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the transactions 
ancillary thereto. 
The Class A Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Class A Note 
Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Dealers, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the 
Liquidity Facility Agent, the STF Agent, the STF Lenders, the STF Arrangers, the WCF Arrangers, the WCF

--- Page 87 ---
66 
Agent, the WCF Lenders, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Class A Paying Agents, the Issuer Account Bank, the 
Borrower Account Bank, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Hedge Counterparties, the OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparties, any of the Obligors or any company in the same group of companies as, or affiliated to, the 
Holdco Group (other than the Issuer itself but without prejudice to the Borrower’s obligations to the Issuer 
under any Class A IBLA). Furthermore, no such person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever 
to Class A Noteholders in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amounts due under the Class A Notes. 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Class A Notes will be dependent on (a) its receipt of 
funds from the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs, (b) its receipt of interest (if any) from monies standing to 
the credit of the Issuer Transaction Account, or otherwise from certain Cash Equivalent Investments made by 
it or on its behalf; and (c) its receipt of amounts in accordance with the terms of Issuer Hedging Agreements 
and related back-to-back hedging arrangements in place between the Issuer and the Borrower (if any). 
In the event that the Issuer is unable on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date to pay in full (to the extent 
required to be paid on any such date) items 1 to 6 (inclusive but excluding any final payment on any Final 
Maturity Date and any Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination amounts or other unscheduled 
amounts due and payable pursuant to items 6(a) and 6(b)) specified in the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments, the Issuer will (subject to satisfaction of the conditions for drawing) have available to it funds under 
the Liquidity Facility. Other than the foregoing, the Issuer will not have any other funds available to it to meet 
its obligations under the Class A Notes and/or any other payment obligation ranking in priority to, or equally 
with, the Class A Notes. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, if the Escrow Release Conditions are not satisfied in relation to any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the Issuer will be required to redeem the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, which means that you may not obtain the return you expect on the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, the gross proceeds from the issuance of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes (the 
“Offering”) will be held in a segregated Escrow Account with the Escrow Agent in respect of which security 
will be granted in favour of the Class A Note Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes, pending the satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, some of which are outside of our 
control. If the Escrow Release Conditions have been satisfied, the escrowed funds will be released to the Issuer 
and utilised to make an advance to the Borrower under a new Class A IBLA. In the event that the Escrow 
Release Conditions are not satisfied prior to the Escrow Longstop Date, the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
may be subject to a special mandatory redemption and you may not obtain the return you expect to receive on 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. There can be no assurance that the Escrow Release Conditions will be 
satisfied for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
An investor’s decision to invest in the Class A Notes is made at the time of purchase. Changes in the AA Group’s 
business or financial condition between the closing of the relevant Offering and the Class A Closing Date for 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, will have no effect on an investor’s rights as a purchaser of the Class 
A Notes. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes until the 
relevant Class A Closing Date, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer 
Secured Creditors. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes until the relevant Class A

--- Page 88 ---
67 
Closing Date, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors or, indirectly 
through the Issuer, Obligor Senior Secured Creditors. Accordingly, prior to the relevant Class A Closing Date 
(being the date on which the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes become Issuer Secured Creditors and, 
indirectly through the Issuer, Obligor Senior Secured Creditors), the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
will not be Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors or Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors and will therefore not 
have a right to vote or form part of the quorum for the purposes of any decision regarding, inter alia, (a) 
modifications to be made to any of the Common Documents, (b) any decision under the STID to accelerate the 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities and/or to enforce any of the Obligor Security following the occurrence of a 
CTA Event of Default, (c) modifications to be made to any of the Issuer Transaction Documents or (d) a decision 
to accelerate the Class A Notes and/or the enforcement of the Issuer Security following a Class A Note Event 
of Default. Furthermore, prior to the Class A Closing Date, neither the Class A Note Trustee nor the Issuer 
Security Trustee will be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the holders of such Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes when acting in connection with, inter alia, any of the matters referred to above.  As a result, prior to 
the relevant Class A Closing Date, the holders of each of the other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes and/or the 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors may direct the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee and/or the 
Issuer Security Trustee (as the case may be) to make modifications and/or pursue remedies at a time or in a 
manner that may be disadvantageous to the holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes to which the escrow 
arrangements apply. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” and 
“Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge”. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes up to (but excluding) the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, all obligations of the Issuer to the relevant holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are 
limited in recourse to the Escrow Secured Property (as defined below). 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but 
excluding) the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, notwithstanding any 
other Class A Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, all obligations of the 
Issuer to the relevant holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the property, assets 
and undertakings of the Issuer that are the subject of any security created by the Escrow Security Deed of 
Charge (the “Escrow Secured Property”). 
The Issuer’s obligation is limited in recourse to the Escrow Secured Property and accordingly, if there are 
insufficient amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Escrow Security Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes (including payments of principal and interest), then the relevant holders of the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain 
unpaid and the Issuer’s obligations shall be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed 
to cease. 
The Class A Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in the Class A Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Class A Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Class A Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 89 ---
68 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Class A Notes and the impact the Class A Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Class A 
Notes, including Class A Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Class A Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and disposal of 
an interest in the Class A Notes; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible economic and interest 
rate scenarios and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Class A Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way of reducing risk or enhancing yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Class A Notes unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Class A Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Class A Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
In addition, the market value of the Class A Notes may fluctuate for a number of reasons including due to 
prevailing market conditions, current interest rates and the perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer and the 
Obligors. Any perceived threat of insolvency or other financial difficulties of the Obligors could result in a 
downgrade of ratings and/or a decline in market value of the Class A Notes. 
Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital requirements and/or decreased 
liquidity in respect of the Class A Notes. 
In the UK, Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-
backed securities industry. This has resulted in numerous measures for increased regulation which are currently 
at various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge to 
certain investors in certain securitisation exposures and/or the incentives for certain investors to invest in 
securities issued under such structures, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
Class A Noteholders in any Member State of the EEA and in the UK should consult their own advisers as to the 
consequences to, and effect on, them of the application of Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended) and Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013, as amended (together “CRD”), as implemented by their own regulator, or Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) and the UK legislation and rules 
implementing Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended) (as applicable) to their holding of any Class A Notes. The 
Issuer is not responsible for informing Class A Noteholders of the effects of the changes to risk-weighting which 
will result for investors from the adoption of CRD by their own regulator. 
Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel II Framework may affect the capital and/or the 
liquidity requirements associated with a holding of the Class A Notes for certain investors. 
Significant changes to the Basel II framework have been implemented by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel III”), including 
new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum 
liquidity standards and minimum leverage ratio for credit institutions. In particular, the changes included,

--- Page 90 ---
69 
among other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital requirements for 
counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well 
as short term and longer term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” 
and the “Net Stable Funding Ratio”). The measures are being implemented in a phased manner. In December 
2017, the Basel Committee announced a set of amendments to the Basel III package, described by some 
commentators as “Basel IV”.  These reforms introduce significant limitations on the ability of banks to reduce 
their capital requirements through their calculation of risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) using the Internal Ratings 
Based approach (the “IRB Approach”).  The reforms include revisions to the IRB Approach for credit risk, 
revised minimum capital requirements for market risk, revisions to the credit value adjustment risk framework, 
amendments to the leverage ratio exposure measure and the introduction of a leverage ratio buffer for Global 
Systemically Important Banks (the “G-SIBs”), which will take the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of 
a G-SIB’s risk-weighted capital buffer.  The reforms also introduced an aggregate output floor, which will 
ensure that banks’ RWAs generated by internal models used in the IRB approach are no lower than 72.5% of 
RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework’s standardised approaches.  The Basel IV reforms will have to 
be implemented by 1 January 2023, with the exception of the new output floor requirement, which will phased 
in between 1 January 2023 and the end of 2027, becoming fully effective on 1 January 2028. 
Investors in the Class A Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and should not rely 
on the Issuer’s opinion set out above. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital 
requirements in respect of the Class A Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them of any changes 
to the Basel II framework (including the Basel III changes described above) and the relevant implementing 
measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise; 
however, any such regulatory initiatives could impact our ability to make payments of principal or interest on 
the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Notes will be new securities for which there is no established trading market. 
Accordingly, the ability to sell the Class A Notes may be limited. 
The Class A Notes are a new issue of securities for which there is currently no trading market. Although an 
application has been made for the Class A Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, we cannot assure you that the Class A Notes 
will be, or will remain, listed thereon. The Dealers may make a market in the Class A Notes as permitted by 
applicable laws and regulations. However, the Dealers are not obligated to make a market in the Class A Notes 
and they may discontinue their market-making activities at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot 
guarantee the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Class A Notes, the ability to sell your Class 
A Notes or the prices at which you will be able to sell your Class A Notes. The liquidity of any market for the 
Class A Notes will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
the number of Class A Noteholders; 
 
the operating performance and financial condition of our Holdco Group; 
 
the market for similar securities; 
 
the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the Class A Notes; and 
 
prevailing market interest rates. 
We cannot guarantee that you will be able to sell your Class A Notes at a particular time or that your Class A 
Notes will be sold at a favourable price, regardless of our prospects and financial performance. Consequently, 
it is possible that you may have to hold your Class A Notes until maturity.

--- Page 91 ---
70 
In addition, the market value of the Class A Notes may fluctuate with changes in prevailing interest rates, market 
perceptions of the risks associated with the Class A Notes, supply and other market conditions. Consequently, 
any sale of Class A Notes by holders thereof in any secondary market which may develop may be at a discount 
to the original purchase price of such Class A Notes. 
Rating Agency assessments, downgrades and changes to Rating Agency criteria may result in ratings 
volatility on the Class A Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by S&P address the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Class 
A Noteholders of all payments of interest due on each Class A Note Interest Payment Date and the full 
repayment of the principal amount of the Class A Notes on or before the relevant Final Maturity Date. There 
can be no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that such ratings will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agency as a result of changes in or 
unavailability of information or if, in the Rating Agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. Furthermore, 
the credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agency may not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Class 
A Notes. Rating agencies other than the Rating Agency could also seek to rate the Class A Notes in the future 
and, if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable rating assigned to the Class A Notes by the 
Rating Agency, such “shadow ratings” could have an adverse effect on the price at which the Class A Notes will 
trade. 
In addition, future events, including events affecting the Holdco Group, could have an adverse effect on the 
rating of the Class A Notes. It should be noted in particular, that if the Class A Notes were to be downgraded 
lower than investment grade before the final maturity date of the Class B Notes in January 2026, the Class B3 
Notes would have to be refinanced outside of the WBS. 
Where a particular matter (including the determination of material prejudice by the Issuer Security Trustee or 
the Obligor Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee or the Class B Note Trustee) involves the Rating Agency 
being requested to confirm that a proposed action would not result in a downgrade or a credit watch placement, 
such confirmation is given at the sole discretion of the Rating Agency. Depending on the timing of the delivery 
of the request and any relevant information, there is a risk that the Rating Agency will not be able to provide its 
confirmation in the time available or at all. The Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences of 
any failure to deliver a rating confirmation on any particular timescale. 
Confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, 
and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Class A Notes form part since the 
Closing Date. A confirmation of ratings represents only a restatement of the opinions given at the Closing Date 
and cannot be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction or as confirmation that an 
event or amendment is in the best interest of, or not materially prejudicial to the interests of, the Class A 
Noteholders. No assurance can be given that a requirement to seek a ratings confirmation will not have a 
subsequent impact upon the business of the Issuer. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
Class A Definitive Notes not having denominations in integral multiples of the minimum authorised 
denomination may have difficulty in trading in the secondary market. 
The Class A Notes have a denomination consisting of a minimum authorised denomination of £100,000 (or 
U.S.$200,000, €100,000 or the equivalent of €100,000 in other currencies) plus higher integral multiples of 
£1,000. Accordingly, it is possible that the Class A Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
authorised denomination that are not integral multiples of such denomination. In such a case, if Class A

--- Page 92 ---
71 
Definitive Notes are required to be issued, a holder of Class A Notes who holds a principal amount less than 
the minimum authorised denomination at the relevant time may not receive a Class A Definitive Note in respect 
of such holding and may need to purchase a principal amount of Class A Notes such that their holding amounts 
to the minimum authorised denomination (or another relevant denomination amount). If Class A Definitive 
Notes are issued, you should be aware that Class A Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Class A Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the 
procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies with respect to the 
Class A Notes. 
The Class A Notes will initially be issued in global form and deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only. Unless and until Class A Notes 
in definitive registered form or definitive registered notes are issued in exchange for book-entry interests (which 
may occur only in very limited circumstances), owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners 
or holders of Class A Notes. The common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the 
sole registered holder of the global notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in 
respect of the relevant global notes representing the Class A Notes will be made to Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch, as Class A Principal Paying Agent (the “Class A Principal Paying Agent”), which will make payments 
to Euroclear and Clearstream. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants’ accounts that hold 
book-entry interests in the global notes representing the Class A Notes and credited by such participants to 
indirect participants. After payment to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no 
responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry 
interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest in the Class A Notes, you must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, you must rely on the 
procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a 
holder of the Class A Notes under the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
Unlike the holders of the Class A Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have any direct 
rights to act upon any solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Class 
A Notes. Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have 
received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear and Clearstream or, if applicable, from a participant. There 
can be no assurances that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable 
you to vote on any matters or on a timely basis. 
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Class A Notes, unless and until the relevant 
definitive registered Class A Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry 
interest, you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream if you own a book-entry interest. 
We cannot assure you that the procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream will be 
adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Class A Notes. 
Prepayment of A Class A IBLA Advances may negatively affect the projected yield to maturity of 
the corresponding Class A Notes. 
The yield to maturity of the Class A Notes will depend on, amongst other things, the amount and timing of the 
repayment and prepayment of principal on the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance and the price paid by the 
Class A Noteholders. Such yield may be adversely affected by a higher or lower than anticipated rate of 
prepayment on the applicable Class A IBLA Advance. The rate of prepayment of the applicable Class A IBLA 
Advance cannot be predicted and will be influenced by a wide variety of economic and other factors including, 
prevailing interest rates, the state of the UK economy and the availability of alternative financing. Therefore, 
no assurance can be given as to the level of prepayment that will be experienced.

--- Page 93 ---
72 
Purchase of the Class A Notes by the Class B Noteholders in the event that the Class B Noteholders 
exercise the Class B Call Option may negatively affect the yield to maturity of the Class A Notes. 
Any one or more of the Class B Noteholders shall, following the occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger 
Event, be entitled to purchase all, but not some only, of the Class A Notes and any Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility within the Class B Call Option Period in return for the payment of the Class B Call Option purchase 
price in immediately transferable funds to the existing Class A Noteholders and the relevant Class A Authorised 
Credit Providers. Any such exercise by the Class B Noteholders of the Class B Call Option may impact, inter 
alia, the yield to maturity on the Class A Notes. For further details in relation to the Class B Call Option, please 
see the section “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge—Class B Call 
Option” below. This section sets out a fuller description of the conditions and circumstances which must be 
satisfied in order for the Class B Noteholders to be able to exercise the Class B Call Option. 
The Volcker Rule may prohibit certain banking entities from holding or trading the Class A Notes. 
Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as implemented by Section 619 of the U.S. Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (together with the rules, regulations and 
published guidance promulgated thereunder, commonly known as the “Volcker Rule”), generally prohibits 
“sponsorship” of and investment in the “ownership interests” of “covered funds” by “banking entities”. The 
term “banking entities” includes most internationally active banking organisations and their affiliates, although 
a banking entity may sponsor and invest in a covered fund in certain limited circumstances and subject to a 
number of exceptions. 
The Issuer believes that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it meets the requirements of Rule 3a-5 under the 
Investment Company Act and therefore is not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, a “covered fund” for the 
purposes of the Volcker Rule. While the Issuer intends to issue Class A Notes and generally operate in a manner 
that meets the requirements of Rule 3a-5 under the Investment Company Act, neither the Issuer, the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Dealers nor any other person makes any representation, warranty or assurance as to the 
ongoing availability of the exemption provided by Rule 3a-5 under the Investment Company Act.  
Should the exemption from the requirements of the Investment Company Act provided by Rule 3a-5 under the 
Investment Company Act cease to be available to the Issuer then the Issuer may be a “covered fund” and 
therefore subject to the Volcker Rule, which may adversely impact holders of the Class A Notes. If the Issuer is 
a “covered fund” subject to the Volcker Rule, certain banking entities would be prohibited from holding or 
trading in the Class A Notes if the Class A Notes were to be considered “ownership interests" of the Issuer. The 
Volcker Rule broadly defines “ownership interest” as including, among other things, an instrument that exposes 
its holder to the profits and losses of a covered fund or similar economic risk, or one that grants holders the 
right to participate in the selection of an investment adviser, manager or board of directors of the covered fund. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer is a “covered fund” and the Class A Notes constitute an “ownership interest" in the 
Issuer, this could materially and adversely impact the liquidity and market price of the Class A Notes and holders 
of the Class A Notes may find it difficult or impossible to sell the Class A Notes.  
Any prospective investor that is considering an investment in the Class A Notes should consult its own legal 
advisers regarding the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio 
generally.

--- Page 94 ---
73 
Risks relating to Taxation  
Change of tax law and practice might have an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer 
or the Obligors. 
The structure of the transaction, the issue of the Class A Notes, the ratings that are to be assigned to them and 
the statements in relation to taxation set out in this Base Prospectus are based on current law and the published 
practice of the relevant authorities in force or applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any changes in 
such law or practice might have an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer or the Obligors and no 
assurance can be given as to the effect of any possible judicial decision or change of law or the administrative 
practice of any jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Changes in taxation laws may negatively impact us and the decisions of current or potential 
customers of our insurance products. 
Changes in corporate, indirect and other tax rules could have both a prospective and retrospective impact on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations. In general, changes to, or in the interpretation of, 
existing tax laws, or amendments to existing tax rates (corporate or personal), or the introduction of new tax 
legislation may adversely affect us, either directly or as a result of changes in the insurance purchasing decisions 
of customers. This includes changes to interpretations of legislation regarding commission structures, fees and 
other charges to customers. Changes to legislation that specifically governs the taxation of insurance companies 
might adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While changes in taxation 
laws would affect the insurance sector as a whole, such changes may be more detrimental to particular operators 
than others. The relative impact on us will depend on the areas impacted by the changes and other relevant 
circumstances at the time of the change. 
We may be liable for certain secondary and joint and several tax liabilities, which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Where a company fails to discharge certain tax liabilities due and payable by it within a specified time period, 
UK tax law imposes, in certain circumstances (including where that company has been sold so that it becomes 
controlled by another person), secondary liability for those overdue taxes on other companies that are or have 
members of the same group of companies, or are or have been under common control, for tax purposes with 
the company that has not discharged its tax liabilities. 
Under the Tax Deed of Covenant, the Tax Covenantors (on behalf of themselves and each other company which 
any of them controls) represent that no steps have been taken, and covenant that no steps will be taken, by any 
person which would directly, or might reasonably be expected to, upon the occurrence of any subsequent events 
or the subsequent non-payment of any Tax liability, give rise to any secondary tax liability in any member of 
the Security Group (which comprises the Holdco Group plus Topco). In addition and pursuant to the Tax Deed 
of Covenant, AA Limited agrees to compensate or to procure compensation of Security Group companies in 
respect of any secondary tax liabilities caused by any person that is not a Security Group company. If, however, 
any secondary tax liabilities do arise in the Issuer or the Borrower (whether in respect of a primary tax liability 
of another Security Group company or of another company with which the Issuer or the Borrower is or has been 
grouped or under common control for UK tax purposes), and those secondary tax liabilities are not discharged 
by the Tax Covenantors or any other person, and are of significant amounts, the financial condition of the Issuer 
or the Borrower could be adversely affected. 
The Issuer, the Borrower and the other members of the Holdco Group are members of a VAT Group that also 
includes members of the non-Holdco Group, of which AA Limited is the representative member. As a general 
matter, where companies are treated as members of a VAT Group, any supply of goods or services made by or 
to any member of the group (other than any such supply which is made by or to another member of the group

--- Page 95 ---
74 
which will be deemed to be outside the scope of VAT) is treated as made by or to the representative member of 
that group. AA Limited (in its capacity as the representative member of the VAT Group) is, therefore, the person 
required to account to HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) for any VAT chargeable on any supply made by or 
to any members of the VAT Group (to or by any person other than another member of the VAT Group). 
The members of a VAT Group are jointly and severally liable for any VAT due from the representative member 
of the group and remain so liable (in respect of liabilities arising during their period of membership) after 
ceasing to be members of that VAT Group (in respect of the periods for which they were members of the VAT 
Group within the time limits mentioned below). The Tax Covenantors covenant in the Tax Deed of Covenant 
to procure that (a) each member of the AA VAT Group will fully comply with all obligations in respect of VAT 
imposed upon it and (b) upon the breach of certain thresholds in relation to the net VAT liability attributable to 
supplies made and received by members of the VAT Group that are not Security Group companies, application 
will be made to HMRC to split up the VAT Group such that no company that is not a Security Group company 
is in the same VAT Group as a Security Group company. However, members of the Holdco Group would 
continue to have exposure to VAT liabilities of members of the AA Group that arose prior to any such split. 
Consequently, if payments in respect of the AA Group VAT liabilities that arose prior to the VAT Group being 
split were not made and were of significant amounts, this could adversely affect the Borrower’s ability to make 
payments of interest and principal under the Class A IBLAs and consequently the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments of interest and principal under the Class A Notes. 
We may, under certain circumstances, incur future latent tax charges on any disposal of certain 
members of the AA Group. 
Based on intra-group transactions undertaken to date, we do not believe any material de-grouping charges 
should arise in any member of the Holdco Group upon a sale of the shares in AA Limited, Topco, Holdco or 
AA Acquisition Co Limited, including in the event that the security granted as part of the transactions is 
enforced through a sale of the shares in Holdco or AA Acquisition Co Limited (provided both TAAL and AADL 
remain (indirect) subsidiaries of AA Limited, Topco, Holdco or AA Acquisition Co Limited, as relevant, at the 
time of the sale). The Tax Covenantors undertake, in the Tax Deed of Covenant, that they will, so far as they 
are able, procure that no steps are taken by any person (in each case whether by any act, omission or otherwise), 
which would directly cause, and no transfer of assets will be made by any member of the AA Group to any 
Security Group company which could in consequence of the enforcement of security over the shares in that 
Security Group company (or the shares in a company of which that Security Group company is a direct or 
indirect subsidiary) cause, any Security Group company to become subject to de-grouping charges in respect 
of chargeable gains, stamp duty land tax, loan relationships, derivative contracts or intangible fixed assets. 
Pursuant to the Tax Deed of Covenant, AA Limited agrees to compensate or to procure the compensation of the 
Security Group companies in respect of any such de-grouping charges. However, should any of the Tax 
Covenantors fail to comply with the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant, our tax position could be adversely 
affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results or 
operations. 
If certain AA entities fail to comply with shared tax payment arrangements, we could face interest 
and penalties, which could adversely affect our business. 
AA Limited as the nominated company pays sums on account of corporation tax to HMRC on behalf of various 
companies, including members of the Holdco Group, pursuant to a group payment arrangement. The Tax Deed 
of Covenant requires any Security Group company that is covered by such group payment arrangement to make 
payment on account of its corporation tax liability to the nominated company (currently AA Limited) on the 
terms that it may solely be used for the purpose of making a payment of corporation tax on behalf of the relevant 
Security Group company. The Tax Deed of Covenant further requires procurement of payment by AA Limited 
to a Security Group company of amounts equal to any credit against, relief from or repayment of any corporation

--- Page 96 ---
75 
tax that it receives from HMRC on behalf of the Holdco Group. However, if AA Limited does not discharge its 
liability to pay sums on account of corporation tax to HMRC on behalf of any Security Group company or does 
not pay a Security Group company amounts equal to any credit, relief or repayment of any corporation tax that 
it receives from HMRC on behalf of that Security Group company, the Security Group companies could be 
adversely affected, be subject to interest and penalties for late tax payments. 
If we are not adequately compensated or credited for any future tax losses shared with the AA Group 
in accordance with the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant, our business could be adversely affected. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant allows members of the Security Group to surrender tax losses to members of the 
AA Group, and for members of the AA Group to surrender tax losses to members of the Security Group, for 
payment of an amount equal to the tax value of the losses surrendered and requires the procurement of 
reimbursement of any such payment if the surrender proves to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or is 
reversed. In addition and pursuant to the Tax Deed of Covenant, AA Limited agrees to compensate or to procure 
compensation of the Security Group companies in respect of any tax liabilities caused if such a surrender proves 
to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or is reversed. If, however, Security Group companies make payments 
for surrenders made to them and any surrenders prove to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or are reversed 
and the Security Group companies are not repaid or indemnified in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant, 
the Security Group companies could be adversely affected. 
The Borrower’s UK tax position may change which may adversely affect the ability of the Borrower 
to repay the Class A IBLAs and, as a result, the ability of the Issuer to repay the Class A Notes. 
There can be no assurance that UK tax law and practice will not change in a manner (including, for example, 
an increase in the rate of corporation tax) that would adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to repay 
amounts of principal and interest under the relevant Class A IBLA. Similarly, UK tax law and practice can be 
subject to differing interpretations, and the Borrower’s interpretation of the relevant tax law as applied to their 
transactions and activities may not coincide with that of HMRC. As a result, transactions of the Borrower may 
be challenged by HMRC and any profits of the Borrower from its activities in the UK may be assessed to 
additional tax, which may adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to repay amounts of principal and interest 
under the relevant Class A IBLA. If, in turn, the Issuer does not receive all amounts due from the Borrower 
under the relevant Class A IBLA, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to meet its payment obligations under 
the Class A Notes or any other payment obligations ranking in priority to, or equally with, the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may redeem the Class A Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in tax law. 
All payments made under the Class A Notes can be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any UK income tax; provided that they are and continue to be officially listed in Ireland in accordance with 
provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA States and are admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
In respect of the Class A Notes, in the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is 
required to be made from payments due under the Class A Notes, neither the Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent 
nor any other person will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to Class A Noteholders or, if Class A 
Definitive Notes are issued, Class A Couponholders, or otherwise to compensate Class A Noteholders or Class 
A Couponholders (as the case may be) for the reduction in the amounts they will receive as a result of such 
withholding or deduction. 
If, as a result of a change in tax law, a withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments 
of principal or interest or other amounts due and payable under the Class A Notes, the Issuer will have the option 
(but not the obligation) of redeeming all (but not some only) of the outstanding Class A Notes in full at the 
Principal Amount Outstanding together with accrued but unpaid interest. For the avoidance of doubt, none of

--- Page 97 ---
76 
the Class A Note Trustee, Class A Noteholders or Class A Couponholders will have the right to require the Issuer 
to redeem the Class A Notes in these circumstances. 
See “Tax Considerations—United Kingdom Taxation” for further discussion of withholding tax in respect of 
the Class A Notes. 
The payments on a Class A IBLA may be subject to withholding tax, which may result in a 
prepayment of that Class A IBLA, and, as a result, an early redemption of the Class A Notes, or may 
also impact the Borrower’s ability to repay the Class A IBLA Advance in full, and, as a result, the 
Issuer’s ability to repay the Class A Notes in full. 
The Borrower will be entitled to make payments of interest to the Issuer under the Class A IBLA without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of UK income tax if and for so long as the Issuer is and continues 
to be a person who is entitled to receive such payments gross of such a deduction or withholding. The Issuer 
has been advised that it currently is entitled to receive such payments gross of deduction or withholding for or 
on account of any UK tax. 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is required to be made from any payment 
due to the Issuer under the Class A IBLA, the amount of that payment will be increased so that, after such 
withholding or deduction has been made, the Issuer will receive a cash amount equal to the amount that it would 
have received had no such withholding or deduction been required to be made. 
If, as a result of a change in tax law, the Borrower is obliged to increase any sum payable by it to the Issuer as 
a result of the Borrower being required to make a withholding or deduction from that payment under the Class 
A IBLA, the Borrower will have the option (but not the obligation) to prepay all relevant outstanding advances 
made under the Class A IBLA in full. If the Borrower chooses to prepay the advances made under the Class A 
IBLA, the Issuer will then be required to redeem the Class A Notes. Such a redemption would be for a 
redemption price calculated in accordance with Class A Condition 7 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A 
Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation”). If the Borrower does not have sufficient funds to enable it 
to either repay the Class A IBLA or to make increased payments to the Issuer, the Issuer’s ability to make timely 
payments of interest and principal under the Class A Notes could be adversely affected. 
Withholding tax in respect of the Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
may result in the termination of the Hedging Agreements. 
The Issuer and the members of the Holdco Group believe that all payments made under the Hedging Agreements 
or the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements can be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of 
any UK tax. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required to be made from any payment due under a 
Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement by a Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty (as applicable), the amount to be paid will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure 
that, after any such withholding or deduction has been made, the amount received by the Holdco Group or the 
Issuer (as applicable) is equal to the amount that that party would have received had such withholding or 
deduction not been required to be made. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required to be 
made from any payment due under a Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement by the Issuer 
or by a member of the Holdco Group, as applicable, the Issuer or such member of the Holdco Group will make 
payment subject to that withholding or deduction but will not be required to pay any additional amount to any 
Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) in respect thereof. If a Hedge 
Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is obliged to pay an increased amount as a result of its being 
obliged to make such a withholding or deduction or if the Issuer or a member of the Holdco Group makes a 
payment to it subject to such a withholding or deduction, the Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge

--- Page 98 ---
77 
Counterparty (as applicable) may terminate the transactions under the relevant Hedging Agreement or OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement, subject to the Hedge Counterparty’s or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty’s 
obligation to use its reasonable efforts to transfer its rights and obligations under that Hedging Agreement or 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement to another of its offices or affiliates such that payments made by and to that 
other office or affiliate under that Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement can be made 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax. 
If the Issuer were to cease to qualify as a securitisation company, this may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s UK tax position, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make timely 
payment of interest and principal under the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer is incorporated in Jersey and resident for tax purposes in the UK and has been advised that it is a 
“securitisation company” for the purposes of the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 
2006/3296). Accordingly, the Issuer should be subject to corporation tax in the UK on its “retained profit” only, 
in accordance with the special regime for securitisation companies as provided for by those regulations. 
If the Issuer were to cease to qualify as a securitisation company for the purposes of those regulations, its profits 
or losses for tax purposes might be different from its cash position and there might be a risk of the Issuer 
incurring unfunded tax liabilities. In addition, interest paid on the Class A Notes could be disallowed for United 
Kingdom corporation tax purposes, which could cause a significant divergence between the cash profits and 
the taxable profits in the Issuer. Any unforeseen taxable profits in the Issuer could adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to make timely payment of interest and principal under the Class A Notes. If the Issuer ceases to be a 
“securitisation company” as a result of a change in tax law, the Issuer will have an option (but not the obligation) 
of redeeming all of the affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes in full. 
Changes in tax law arising from the OECD’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) project 
might have an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer or the Obligors, and may result 
in early redemption of the Class A Notes. 
On 16 November 2017, as part of the UK government’s implementation of the OECD BEPS proposals, the 
Finance (No 2) Act 2017 introduced new restrictions on interest deductions based on Action 4 of the OECD 
proposals. Broadly, under these rules, there is a cap on interest deductions by means of a fixed ratio rule based 
on 30 per cent. of a group’s UK tax-related EBITDA, and an elective worldwide group ratio rule which will 
enable certain groups to deduct interest that would otherwise be disallowed under the fixed ratio rule. 
Furthermore, any tax relief for interest deductions which is capped under either the fixed ratio rule or the 
worldwide group ratio rule, may be subject to further reduction by the application of a modified debt cap which 
operates by reference to the relevant group’s net financing expenses. 
These rules, which took effect on 1 April 2017, may have an effect on the ability of the AA Group to claim 
deductions for all or part of its interest expenses, which may, for example, have an adverse effect on the financial 
position of the Borrower and on the Borrower’s ability to repay amounts of principal and interest under the 
Class A IBLAs or under the Class A IBLAs. If, in turn, the Issuer does not receive all amounts due from the 
Borrower under the Class A IBLAs, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to enable it to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class A Notes. Future material restrictions may apply if non-UK profits increase 
significantly, the UK tax authorities challenge the AA Group’s application of these rules, or group accounting 
practices materially impact on the restriction calculations.

--- Page 99 ---
78 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the Central Bank of 
Ireland, are incorporated by reference in and form a part of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 January 2023. . A link to 
these financial statements is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202306/5ca53e3d-5fab-4821-a620-b16cdd921cd2.pdf 
(b) 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 January 2022. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 28a493ea-640c-402e-bbc9-4ffc29ec5afd.pdf (ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com). 
(c) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at and for the year ended 31 January 2023 
contained in pages 21 through 99 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year 
ended 31 January 2023. A link to the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year 
ended 31 January 2023 is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202306/81c2fff4-a801-4398-b0c1-56d7fb4ba248.pdf 
(d) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at and for the year ended 31 January 2022 
contained in pages 24 through 99 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year 
ended 31 January 2022. A link to these financial statements is available at 55756c4c-0e75-4ce5-a08d-
db7c37663792.pdf (ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com). 
(e) 
The audited financial statements of the Borrower as at and for the year ended 31 January 2023. A link to 
these financial statements is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202306/787e1430-198a-4f8d-becc-ce6a70e2e270.pdf 
(f) 
The audited financial statements of the Borrower as at and for the year ended 31 January 2022. A link to 
these financial statements is available at c83e9863-470f-4a34-b1a2-db1662b751f3.pdf (ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com). 
(g) 
The audited financial statements of AADL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2023. A link to these 
financial 
statements 
is 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202306/a7d47f76-f079-4ec4-aef1-261010b7f300.pdf 
(h) 
The audited financial statements of AADL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2022. A link to these 
financial statements is available at 6b2cf872-876d-46ae-933c-66018fff5217.pdf (ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com). 
(i) 
The audited financial statements of AAISL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2023. A link to these 
financial statements is available at A link to these financial statements is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202306/4deca2e5-9ddd-4dbb-8028-
e9ae943cab22.pdf 
(j) 
The audited financial statements of AAISL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2022. A link to these 
financial statements is available at 516f4d16-c854-4818-8b82-76faf2dfb2a9.pdf (ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com). 
(k) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2013, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c6a30a00-be48-
4875-a239-f75709d166dc.PDF.

--- Page 100 ---
79 
(l) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 17 November 2016, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_2d770669-375a-
4ffe-bf7b-c42951cd885e.PDF. 
(m) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 2 July 2018, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_35747e5f-baf7-
4ed4-9d23-83b87c67921e.PDF. 
(n) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 21 January 2020, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f9f41c96-c89b-
4fb8-bd09-f1276358b631.PDF. 
(o) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 1 July 2021, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/bf1c8ba7-49d7-4b91-9914-
9efdcf0c5b05.PDF. 
(p) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/49774668-6d93-4097-8431-
34a5fe2404b1.PDF  
The information contained in (i) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year ended 31 
January 2023, and (ii) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year ended 31 January 
2022, which has not been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, is either not relevant to investors 
in the Class A Notes or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 101 ---
80 
BUSINESS 
In this section titled “Business”, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, the “AA”, or the “AA Group” refer to AA Limited 
and its subsidiaries as a whole (the “AA Group”) as we manage our business operations by reference to the 
AA Group as a whole and not just the Holdco Group. 
Overview 
With more than 117 years of operating history, the AA is one of the most widely recognised and trusted brands 
in the UK. 
The AA is the leading provider of roadside assistance services in the UK, with a strong and diversified customer 
base. As of 31 January 2023, we estimate this to be 3.3 million paid personal members and 10.6 million business 
customers, which represents approximately:  
 
more than 40% of the consumer market 
 
c. 55% of the manufacturer segment 
 
more than 65% of the UK’s largest fleet and leasing companies 
 
over 70% of the Added Value Account segment 
 
a greater share of the high value market than all other providers combined.  
During the year ended 31 January 2023, the AA responded to an average of approximately 8,700 breakdowns a 
day. In addition, we have successfully leveraged this brand to become a leading provider of insurance broking 
services and driving services. 
Holdco Group performance for the year ended 31 January 2023 was: 
 
Revenue of £994 million (compared to £940 million in the year ended 31 January 2022); 
 
Adjusted EBITDA of £365 million (compared to £347 million in the year ended 31 January 2022) 
and Reported EBITDA of £336 million (compared to £324 million in the year ended 31 January 
2022); and 
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 36.7% (compared to 36.9% in the year ended 31 January 2022) and 
Reported EBITDA margin of 33.8% (compared to 34.5% in the year ended 31 January 2022). 
Whilst we already offer a market-leading proposition to our members, we are acutely aware of the need for 
continued evolution and modernisation to ensure that our offering meets the changing needs of our members.   
Progressing with our Strategy 
Our long-term strategic vision is to build a unique ecosystem of propositions that creates confidence for drivers, 
now and for the future. We continue to believe that the strategy we outlined in 2021 sets us on the right course: 
• 
Horizon 1: optimising core platforms and modernising the AA Group to drive growth and 
profitability in the core business;  
• 
Horizon 2: extending the business to develop new propositions and services to future-proof the 
business, and  
• 
Horizon 3: monetising innovation to develop new revenue streams in the emerging automotive 
value chain.

--- Page 102 ---
81 
Horizon 1: Optimising the core 
Horizon 1 activity is well underway and is now delivering tangible commercial and operational results. These 
activities focus on the most critical current value levers to deliver membership, revenue growth and improve 
operating efficiency.  
Digital activity has been focused on improving customer journeys to optimise conversion, enhance persistency 
and streamline customer value management. Redesigning customer journeys, in addition to improving our 
pricing and customer communication, has led to conversion and retention rate improvements for the Roadside 
business.  
Within Insurance, we launched the BEAM Insurance brand in May 2022 to increase the insurance broker 
footprint and we have leveraged new data sources to further expand the underwriter footprint. We are continuing 
to improve efficiency and productivity by digitising customer journeys and streamlining processes.  
We have continued to invest in our underlying systems, infrastructure, and digital capabilities. More than 40% 
of consumer breakdowns are now reported digitally, either online or through the AA app, enabling us to improve 
customer outcomes effectively and improve efficiency. The core Roadside re-platforming programme has been 
completed with most policies now on the new platform, and our Insurance business transitioning to a new 
platform in FY24. 
Horizon 2: Extending the business  
Horizon 2 initiatives are focused on extending current products and services to meet our customers’ ever-
changing needs and access a wider target revenue pool in doing so. As the transition to EVs gains speed we are 
future-proofing our patrol force, with 72% of patrols now trained to EV Level 2, and we will continue to invest 
in training our patrols to EV Level 3 in 2023. In 2022 we launched an EV Driving School proposition offering 
new drivers the opportunity to learn how to drive in an EV. Looking forward, we are developing solutions to 
support our EV customers whether it be from point of purchase or during journeys, for example by assisting 
them to address ‘range anxiety’.  
This year we launched a digital proposition for our Accident Assist service where customers can report an 
accident via our app. In November 2022, we introduced a new webchat capability in our contact centres, 
offering our customers a quick and easy way to get in touch with us, driving improved customer outcomes and 
operating efficiency.  
We have also invested in the research and development of vehicle data-based propositions and are expecting to 
launch the first proposition to the market in 2023. This proposition innovation allows us to move ahead of the 
market and leverage our group assets in new ways.  
The AA’s impact on society and the planet is important, and our ESG activities are a vital part of our business. 
We believe we have a key role in helping to reduce the environmental impact of driving, both through adapting 
our own operations, and supporting our customers in adapting their activities. We have included in our reporting 
our key environment, social and corporate governance updates. However, this is just a small part of what we 
do, and we will be releasing our second annual ESG report in the coming months to share our progress on ESG 
activities in the last twelve months.  
Horizon 3: Monetising innovation  
In Horizon 3, we are building new propositions capitalising on opportunities across the automotive and mobility 
value chains, using our proprietary assets such as historical breakdown data and leveraging our relationships 
with third parties. We have started to progress here with our investment in vehicle data capture and insights and 
expect to ramp up our activities in this space over the coming years.

--- Page 103 ---
82 
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy 
Our ESG strategy sits under three Pillars – People, Community, Planet - where we have identified a broad range 
of activities that help reduce our and our members’ impacts on the environment, create a diverse and inclusive 
place to work and drive change for the better for our communities, by supporting cleaner, safer and more 
accessible ways of driving, all underpinned by operating in a transparent way.  
People  
Creating a diverse and inclusive workforce is important to the AA and we are committed to creating a culture 
where all our people can bring their full selves to work and feel they belong. We do this to: 
 
represent the customers and communities we serve and provide products with great customer 
outcomes;  
 
encourage different thoughts and ideas, enabling debate and innovation that drives increased business 
success; 
 
attract and retain the best talent and to support all our people in reaching their full potential. 
In 2022/23, we had several areas of focus which included: 
 
launching our very first Recovery Operative Apprenticeship programme to help build a pipeline of 
HGV drivers for the future. Females represent 11% of apprentices and graduation is due to start taking 
place during spring of 2023. 
 
talent and career development – We launched our first development programme for colleagues 
identifying as ethnically diverse; ‘I Will Accelerate’ for over 50 of colleagues from across the 
organisation, to support breaking down barriers and focusing on core topic areas to support career 
development. 
 
communication and engagement – we have 5 employee network groups and have worked with them 
to establish senior sponsorship and celebration events and drive through meaningful changes. In the 
last 12 months we have worked with our Origins group and have now signed the Race at Work Charter. 
Community 
This year, to ensure we make a positive contribution to the places where we live and work, and continue to, we 
have taken the following actions:  
 
continued as a signatory of the Armed Forces Covenant, and holder of their Employer Recognition 
Scheme Gold Award; 
 
continued to campaign around smart motorways to highlight the dangers of these roads and the risks to 
the UKs drivers, which has led to the government committing to no further smart motorways without 
hard shoulders to be built; 
 
the AA Charitable Trust for Road Safety and the Environment (the “AA Charitable Trust”) continued 
to work towards the preservation and protection of human life and health on our roads;  
 
the AA Charitable Trust continued with their campaign aimed at improving the safety of new drivers on 
rural roads. 
Planet  
We acknowledge our responsibility and the vital role we can play in addressing our impact on climate change. 
More than ever, we are committed to driving climate action within the fields we can directly influence but also

--- Page 104 ---
83 
to lead the wider market. We have taken actions to reduce our own carbon footprint and have set a target to 
become net zero for our own greenhouse gas emissions by 2035.   
In FY23, the AA consumed 155,844 MWh of energy and had an adjusted footprint of 36,937 tCO2e (location-
based), equating to an absolute increase of 1,065 tCO2e compared to FY22 and an absolute decrease of 6,535 
tCO2e compared to FY20. 
Whilst improvements and reductions have continued to be made in a number of areas, our fleet size has 
increased (FY22: 2630 vehicles; FY23: 2870 vehicles) and the travel miles associated with each job have 
increased. The AA has focused its deployment strategy on an increased number of direct recoveries with a 
greater number of fuel-efficient vehicles, from within its fleet, undertaking these recoveries. 
Our fleet remains the biggest contributor to our carbon emission footprint, so we continue to work hard to make 
sure we meet our Net Zero 2035 deadline.  
 
All the vehicles in our fleet remain Euro 6 Compliant  
 
We are not just looking at EV to be the solution, and in FY23 we introduced the UK’s first hydrogen 
breakdown vehicle to our fleet.  
The main challenge for our roadside business continues to be securing vans that are capable of towing other 
vehicles when we have been unable to repair the vehicle at the roadside. We are hopeful that during 2023 and 
in 2024 the first manufacturer product will become available that will enable us to tow and therefore focus and 
attention can be turned to how to operate an alternative fuel vehicle fleet. 
We continue to report our Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gases, which are externally verified to ISO 14064-3 and 
prepared in accordance with ISO 14064-1. We continue to work on our Scope 3 analysis and we have 
commenced a project to implement the requirements of Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) within the mandatory reporting timeframe.  
Our Products and Services 
The Roadside segment consists of our B2C, B2B, including AA Prestige, Drivetech and the Driving Schools 
business. The Insurance segment consists of the Insurance Broker, AA Financial Services (which is in 
partnership with the Bank of Ireland), AA Cars and Accident Assist. Across the Roadside and Insurance 
segments, the developing businesses include all of AA Prestige, the Driving Schools business, Drivetech, 
Accident Assist, AA Cars and Financial Services (the “Developing Businesses”). In addition, the AA Group 
offers insurance underwriting through its in-house underwriter, AAUICL, which complements the Holdco 
Group’s insurance broking business. For the purposes of the discussion below, we include some discussion of 
AAUICL (although AAUICL does not form part of the Holdco Group). 
Roadside 
Our Roadside segment generated revenue of £878 million, or 88% of total Holdco Group revenue, and Adjusted 
EBITDA of £338 million or 93% of total Holdco Group Adjusted EBITDA, and a Reported EBITDA of £309 
million or 92% of total Holdco Group Reported EBITDA for the year ended 31 January 2023. 
Roadside assistance 
As at 31 January 2023, we had approximately 13.9 million Roadside customers (approximately, 3.3 million 
paid personal and 10.6 million business customers). 
We are the leading provider of roadside assistance across the UK based on our estimated share of the markets 
in which we operate, with over 2,700 dedicated patrols reaching an average of approximately 8,700 breakdowns 
each day during the year ended 31 January 2023. Our patrols are trained to assess and repair a multitude of

--- Page 105 ---
84 
vehicle malfunctions at the roadside. In September 2022, the AA was awarded the Which? Recommended 
Provider status for the fifth year running for its roadside assistance service. 
For our B2B partners, we provide our roadside assistance cover to manufacturers, roadside programmes, banks 
(for premium added value account (“AVA”) holders), Leasing and rental companies (including large direct to 
fleet customers) and SME’s. 
Personal members 
As at 31 January 2023, we had approximately 3.3 million paid personal members. We provide breakdown cover 
for our consumer members. Vehicle-based policies cover only a specific vehicle and personal memberships 
cover one or more individuals, including families, regardless of the vehicle, giving consumers choice and the 
confidence they need to be on the road. Consumer roadside assistance fees are principally paid through annual 
or monthly subscriptions.  Subject to identifying customer needs, additional revenue is available from cross-
selling (selling other services) or up-selling (selling higher value products and services) following a breakdown 
or specific call out. In addition, we recognise tenure through our Silver and Gold tiers, offering further and 
additional benefits to more loyal members. 
Our personal membership base has historically featured relatively high renewal rates, which typically increase 
with the tenure of membership, reflecting the quality of our service and the trust in the AA brand. On average, 
our personal members require assistance for a vehicle breakdown once every two years, benefitting from their 
membership on a regular basis. 
As at the year-end 31 January 2023:  
 
our renewal rate increased to 84.4% (compared to 84.1% in the year ended 31 January 2022) and we 
delivered a 2% improvement in our conversion rate, enabled by our transformed web journey; 
 
we revised the basis of average income per paid personal member to include motor insurance income 
from members. Under this new basis, average income per paid personal member increased in the year 
to £190 (from £185 in FY22) reflecting targeted pricing actions, strong brand stretch and early success 
of our cross-sell focus. Under the old basis, average income per paid personal member has increased to 
£176 (from £169 in FY22). 
 
approximately 40% of our personal members log their breakdown digitally (compared to 25% in the 
year ended 31 January 2022). 
According to a third-party source (as of September 2020) the value of the consumer roadside assistance sector 
is expected to grow at the average rate of approximately 3% annually from 2021 to 2026. 
Business customers 
We had approximately 10.6 million business, or B2B, customers as at 31 January 2023, which are split across 
a small number of categories: 
 
Added Value Accounts:  The AA provides breakdown cover to Lloyds Banking Group, Nationwide, 
NatWest and TSB customers as part of the package of benefits associated with their premium accounts. 
We have a strong relationship with the Lloyds Banking Group, which is one of the largest UK-based 
banking groups, covering Lloyds, Halifax and the Bank of Scotland. We estimate that we provide cover 
to over 70% of the Added Value Account and banking markets as at 31 January 2023. 
 
Car manufacturers:  Car manufacturers provide breakdown cover and associated services to their 
customers as part of new or used car warranties sold by franchised dealers. We have relationships with 
19 of the leading car manufacturers (some of which are members of the same car manufacturing groups) 
operating in the UK market, many of which are longstanding relationships. Our well-established

--- Page 106 ---
85 
relationships with these car manufacturers are founded on our ability to provide them with statistical 
data on vehicle faults and performance information. As of January 2023, we had a share of approximately 
55% of the new car manufacturer breakdown market. A list of our significant business partners is set out 
below. 
 
Fleet and leasing companies:  Commercial fleet companies, such as Enterprise, and lease companies, 
such as LeasePlan, offer breakdown cover to their customers for an additional fee. Cover is also provided 
for companies with large fleets of vehicles, such as Rivus Fleet Solutions. As of 31 January 2023, we 
provided cover to approximately 65% of the UK’s fleet and leasing companies. In February 2019, we 
acquired AA Prestige, a profitable and growing technology-led supplier of SMR services to fleet and 
leasing companies. 
 
Insurance:  In April 2019, we announced a three-year contract, which has since been renewed at the 
expiry of its initial term on a rolling basis – with Admiral Group to offer AA roadside assistance to 
Admiral Group’s insurance customers, our first significant contract in the insurance market.  We have 
also taken on a number of niche Insurtech insurance companies such as Tempcover, Kudo and 
Marshmallow which has expanded our portfolio in this sector. 
The following table highlights some of our major business partner relationships: 
Business Partners 
 
Type of Customer 
Admiral Group ............................................................. 
 
Insurance Customer Benefits 
Allianz .......................................................................... 
 
Insurance Customer Benefits 
Lloyds Banking Group ................................................. 
 
Added Value Accounts 
TSB .............................................................................. 
 
Added Value Accounts 
Nationwide ................................................................... 
 
Added Value Accounts 
NatWest ........................................................................ 
 
Added Value Accounts 
Audi ............................................................................. 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Ford .............................................................................. 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Honda ........................................................................... 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Hyundai ........................................................................ 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Jaguar Land Rover ....................................................... 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Toyota .......................................................................... 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Volkswagen Group ....................................................... 
 
Car Manufacturer 
Alphabet ....................................................................... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Arnold Clark ................................................................ 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Enterprise ..................................................................... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Hertz............................................................................. 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
LeasePlan ..................................................................... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Lex Autolease (part of Lloyds Banking Group) ........... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company

--- Page 107 ---
86 
Business Partners 
 
Type of Customer 
Rivus Fleet Solutions ................................................... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Zenith ........................................................................... 
 
Fleet/Leasing Company 
Uber ............................................................................. 
 
Ride-hailing Company 
 
In the year up to 31 January 2023, notable new business was won with NatWest as an AVA business partner in 
December 2022. Additional wins were also seen with new breakdown assistance business from INEOS, Sixt, 
Police Scotland, Great Wall Motors, BUUK and Volta Trucks. 
Our business partners typically enter contracts with us for a duration of three to five years, with the option to 
extend the term of the contract. We have limited concentration among our business partners, with our top 10 
business partners accounting for 15% of total revenue for the year ended 31 January 2023. As at 31 January 
2023, average income per business customer was £23 (compared to £23 in the year ended 31 January 2022). 
Additional Roadside services 
Further product options available to members and non-members include European breakdown cover, for 
customers travelling in mainland Europe. This can be bought as Roadside/Recovery only or with additional 
labour costs cover included. 
For members only Parts and Garage Cover works together with our primary roadside assistance service to help 
reduce repair costs following a breakdown. Within our Roadside segment, we also generate revenue through 
products and services delivered through our own patrol force, including the sale of parts for repair at the roadside 
(of which battery sales is the largest), tyre replacement, removal of the wrong fuel from a vehicle, provision of 
specialised locksmith skills and delivery of a rental car when local repair cannot be arranged. 
We also offer a number of driving and technical-related products and services, which are reported under the 
Roadside segment. In February 2019, we completed the acquisition of AA Prestige, a profitable and growing 
technology-led supplier of service, maintenance and repair (SMR) services to fleet and leasing companies. We 
believe that the service, maintenance and repair market plays a key role in addressing a driver’s planned and 
unplanned needs and represents a significant opportunity for the AA to grow new revenue streams without 
incurring significant capital expenditure. We have successfully integrated AA Prestige and its proprietary 
UNITY system into our new technical services business, which we launched as AA Prestige Services in March 
2019, with the aim of providing a nationwide service for the automotive industry and UK drivers to help with 
issues such as vehicle recall campaigns, SMR and onsite technical support. Since its launch, AA Prestige 
Services has delivered steady growth in its traditional B2B (fleet) business and significant year on year growth 
in the consumer market following launch of SMR services to AA members and the open market in 2020. 
In addition, we earn revenue from the use of AA-branded road traffic signs for use at events, other “car-related 
products” (including high visibility vests and jump leads) and we earn a share of profits from our hotel and 
restaurant inspection and rating service through our 49% ownership of the AA Media Limited joint venture with 
Enthuse Group. 
Driving Services 
Driving Services revenue includes our Driving Schools and Drivetech businesses. For the year ended 31 January 
2023, Driving Schools and Drivetech generated combined revenue of £66 million, representing an increase of 
13% compared to £59 million in the year ended 31 January 2022.

--- Page 108 ---
87 
Driving Schools 
The Driving Schools business, which is comprised of the AA Driving School and the British School of Motoring 
(“BSM”) brands, has over 2,900 franchised driving instructors (as at 31 January 2023) and is, on an aggregated 
basis, the largest driving school in the UK (based on company data and publicly available data on numbers of 
competitor driving instructors). In 2011, we acquired BSM, which is the oldest driving school in the country 
and continues to operate under its own brand. 
The Driving Schools business is the market leader in a fragmented market, with a market share of UK driving 
pupils estimated at approximately 7% as of 31 January 2023. Both the AA Driving School and BSM offer 
driving lessons and instructor training through a franchise model. In the twelve month period ended 31 January 
2023, the Driving Schools business saw 22% growth in the number of driving instructors and approximately 
125,000 pupils took driving lessons through our Driving Schools business. Revenue is derived from weekly 
franchise fees paid by instructors, who receive a car and support from the brand in return. We are developing 
our strategy to increase the options and flexibility available to driving instructors to improve our retention of 
franchisee instructors. We have also invested in improving our digital interface for instructors and have 
significantly improved digital customer journeys for pupils, along with offering more competitive franchise 
opportunities and layering in wider benefits.  
Drivetech 
Drivetech is a leading provider of driver risk, fleet safety management and driver training. It became part of the 
Holdco Group in 2009 and is split into the Police Business Unit, which accounts for the majority of revenue in 
the Drivetech, and the Commercial Business Unit. The Police Business Unit delivers educational driver 
awareness schemes to members of the public who have committed a road traffic offence. This is offered as an 
alternative to a fine and points on their licence. The Commercial Business Unit provides risk management and 
training to corporate customers who have either coach, lorry, commercial and passenger vehicle employees who 
drive for work, have a company car or drive as part of their job. As at 31 January 2023, we had contracts for 
the provision of speed awareness courses with 10 of the 43 territorial police forces in the UK, and a contract 
with British Transport Police, although we did not renew the contract with Transport for London. During the 
year ended 31 January 2023, Drivetech delivered courses to more than 485,000 delegates.  
Electric Vehicles 
In the rapidly evolving electrification arena, we already support electric vehicle (“EV”) drivers through a variety 
of innovative approaches such as Smart Care which offers service, maintenance and repair for EVs, EV specific 
driver training via the Driving Schools and Drivetech, and new EV leasing propositions via Smart Lease. We 
have the largest EV trained patrol workforce in Europe, with 72% of our patrol force trained to EV Level 2, and 
are the first UK breakdown organisation to target marketing specifically at EV drivers.  
The increase in EV adoption across the UK was a catalyst for the expansion of our EV Charge Post Operator 
(“CPO”) customer service operation, bringing support to new partners including Gridserve, MER and Instavolt, 
and taking our total portfolio of CPOs to nine, with implementation of more new contracts scheduled for 2023. 
Insurance 
Our Insurance segment generated revenue of £116 million, or 12% of total Holdco Group revenue, and Adjusted 
EBITDA of £27 million and Reported EBITDA of £27 million, or 7% of total Holdco Group Adjusted EBITDA  
and 8% of Reported EBITDA for the year ended 31 January 2023. As at the year ending 31 January 2023 our 
broker, AAISL had a combined motor and home policies book of 1.9 million policies. The average income per 
policy was £43 for the Insurance Broker division only, and average income per policy was £78 when including 
revenue from AAUICL and the Accident Assist business.

--- Page 109 ---
88 
Insurance Broker 
Our insurance broker division offers motor and home insurance policies to both roadside assistance paid 
personal members and non-members. We act as a broker distributing policies to customers for the insurance 
underwriters on our panel, including the AA Group’s in-house underwriter.  
The AA has been awarded the UK's No. 1 insurance provider for customer service *1st place (UKCSI, Jan 
2023), and was placed the 2023 Consumer Intelligence Awards winners in three categories: Customer Trust, 
Customer Service, and Recommended by customers. The AA is rated “Excellent” by TrustPilot as at the date 
of this Prospectus. 
 
Motor Insurance:  Motor is the largest insurance product for the AA by revenue and we had 
approximately 1,073,000 motor policies as at 31 January 2023.  
 
Insurance products: We offer a number of motor insurance packages from comprehensive cover to 
third-party, fire and theft. 
 
Optional extras: We offer optional extras, such as motor legal assistance, excess protection, car hire and 
a car accident plan. 
Results have been driven by deflationary pressures from the prior year creating a highly competitive new 
business market, that was paired with market volatility from the implementation of the FCA’s new General 
Insurance Pricing Practices (“GIPP”) rules, which we successfully implemented on 1 January 2022.  
For the year-end January 2023, the motor policy book increased by 4% to 1,073,000 policies (2022: 1,027,000) 
and the home book declined by 13% to 782,000 (2022: 896,000) as we managed the book to focus on value 
rather than volume. 
Motor retention rates increased by 6.2 percentage points in the year ended 31 January 2023, reflective of a solid 
performance in a highly competitive marketplace.  
The performance of our insurance broker division is supported by AAUICL. As of 31 January 2023, AAUICL 
underwrote a total of 1,006,000 policies (compared to 1,018,000 policies in the year ended 31 January 2022) 
which represents more than half of the motor policy book and close to half of the total home policy book. 
During the year ended 31 January 2023 we continued to make improvements in our customer journey which 
helped to deliver consistent and healthy cross-sell conversions into our Roadside business, with 33% (2022: 
35%) of new insurance customers taking roadside membership, and AAUICL’s never-member footprint 
increased by 10 percentage points in the year to 31 January 2023.  
The continued investment in our brand and improvements to our digital journeys have also received external 
recognition. 
 
Home Insurance:  Home is our second largest insurance product by revenue and we had approximately 
782,000 home policies as at 31 January 2023. We offer two home insurance products: AA Buildings 
Insurance and AA Contents Insurance. Customers can also purchase a number of add-on products: the 
largest of which are Home Emergency Cover and Home Legal Expenses. 
We use a diverse panel of third-party underwriters for both motor and home insurance, including many of the 
UK’s major insurance underwriters and the AA Group’s in-house underwriter. We are dedicated to working in 
partnership with the panel to improve performance and regularly assess panel share and underwriting results 
for each participant.  
In May 2022 we launched BEAM from the AA, a Defaqto 4 Star rated insurance offering, marketed as a new, 
modern, insurance option backed by a brand already trusted by customers.  BEAM offers affordable car 
insurance exclusively through PCWs and attracts a new cohort of customers to the AA.

--- Page 110 ---
89 
Accident Assist 
Accident Assist, our in-house claims management proposition available to our motor insurance panel members 
and roadside members is performing well. Following the implementation of a new claims handling platform 
from ICE InsureTech and the consolidation of all our claims operations into Royal Tunbridge Wells, we are 
starting to see positive momentum building. We believe Accident Assist is a key differentiator for our roadside 
business and represents a significant growth opportunity in our plan to become our customers’ “first call” after 
an accident.  
With the benefit of additional marketing, further roll-out of our claims handling platform, more customers 
getting back to the road as well as improved cross-sell through our Roadside Assistance channel, we believe 
Accident Assist provides a strong platform to grow our core Insurance and Roadside Assistance businesses. 
Financial Services 
In 2015 we relaunched our financial services offering through our 10-year exclusive partnership with the Bank 
of Ireland (“Financial Services”). On 31 March 2020, we extended this distribution partnership by three years 
to at least 2028. Our partnership currently offers AA-branded loans and savings to both members and 
non-members. The Bank of Ireland undertakes the principal regulated activities and we oversee the delivery of 
good customer outcomes through our relationship management and product governance framework. 
As at 31 January 2023, we had 95,485 financial services products across our credit cards, personal loans and 
savings portfolio. We believe that our membership base and brand both benefit from the business with over 
67% of the non-ISA savings book held by members and 34% of our personal loans being written for vehicles 
as at 31 January 2023. As part of the extension of the relationship with the Bank of Ireland, the partnership now 
includes AA branded car finance products to sit alongside the savings and loans products. 
AA Cars 
Our online used cars and vans marketplace. AA Cars expects to generate 20 million website sessions in FY24, 
connecting used car buyers with over 1800 dealers (franchised and independents).  
The aggregator website listed approximately 140,000 vehicles for sales at any one time in the year up to 31 
January 2023. AA Cars generates revenue through the following B2B and B2C product offerings:  
 
Used Car Marketplace Subscription: approximately 1,800 dealer subscribers (cost p/vehicle model) (as 
of 31 January 2023). 
 
Vehicle Inspections: approximately 34,500 vehicles inspected per year for B2B dealers on pre-sale and 
approximately 6,000 B2C pre-sale consumer inspections (each in the year up to 31 January 2023).  
 
AA Vehicle Finance: Brokered by Evolution Finance, sold online and in-dealer. 
 
AA Vehicle Warranty: Managed by WMS (Opteven group), sold in-dealer and as a standalone extended 
warranty. 
 
Vehicle deliveries: Providing traditional dealers with an online delivery (and purchase) model. Operated 
by AnyVan. 
 
AA Vehicle Data Checks: Sold online B2C pre-sale to consumers. Managed by CAP HPI.  
 
Sell My Car: Consumer vehicle sales, managed by motorway.co.uk.  
 
Driveaway Insurance: Short-term vehicle insurance sold at point of purchase (in-dealer). Managed by 
TempCover.

--- Page 111 ---
90 
Insurance underwriting 
In January 2016, the AA Group launched its own underwriting business to complement the Holdco Group’s 
existing brokerage operations. It has become common over the past few years for brokers in the markets for 
motor and home insurance to set up their own in-house underwriters. The AA Group’s underwriter participates 
on our Holdco Group’s brokering panels for home and motor insurance and competes with third-party 
underwriters for the underwriting risk. We believe that the AA Group’s insurance underwriter can price risk 
effectively by accessing the Holdco Group’s proprietary data on personal members, which directly benefits 
Holdco’s Insurance segment. The AA Group mitigates its underwriting risk with high levels of reinsurance and 
coinsurance. During the year ended 31 January 2019, our in-house underwriter commenced underwriting motor 
insurance to non-members while using the Holdco Group’s proprietary data on personal members.  
As at 31 January 2023, 47% of our total underwritten motor policies related to non-members. Underwritten 
policies make up 53% of broker policies. In addition, we are actively developing strategies to increase our 
online competitiveness and cross-selling capabilities to increase penetration levels within our existing member 
base.  
We are also looking to insure younger drivers in the near future, a demographic we have not been able to 
penetrate at scale to date. 
The AA Group’s in-house underwriting business remains well-capitalised under the Solvency II capital 
requirements and will continue to be funded with internally generated cash and from the profits of the 
underwriter. Any additional solvency capital would be funded from the profits of the underwriters and the AA 
Group’s available cash. 
It should be noted that the insurance underwriting business described above does not form part of the Holdco 
Group but is relevant as we believe the underwriting business complements the insurance brokerage business 
that sits within the Holdco Group. 
Material Contracts  
Business partner agreements 
For the year ended 31 January 2023, our ten largest business partners accounted for 21% of total revenue, of 
which the single largest partner is Lloyds Banking Group. See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to our Business 
and Industry. Our business relies on key contractual relationships with certain business customers, and the loss 
of any such business customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations”. 
Developing Businesses 
Together, the Developing Businesses revenue for the year ended 31 January 2023 was £133 million (compared 
to £109.3 million in the year ended 31 January 2022), which represents a total contribution of 13% to the Holdco 
Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 January 2023 (compared to 12% in the year ended 31 January 2022). 
Intellectual property 
We have registered the domain name “www.theAA.com”. We are also the registered owner of numerous 
community trademarks and national trademarks in several EU member states including the UK, including 
“AA”, “BSM” and “Drivetech”. Our brand constitutes a significant part of the value of the Holdco Group. We 
rely primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brand. The success of our 
business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks in order to increase brand awareness 
and, in particular, to develop our presence and activity in those markets where we are a new entrant. See “Risk

--- Page 112 ---
91 
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—We may not be able to protect our brand and related 
intellectual property rights from infringement or other misuse by others and we may face claims that we have 
infringed the trademarks or other intellectual property rights of others”. 
Employees and pension obligations 
As at 31 January 2023, approximately 91% of the Holdco Group’s employees were covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement which is in place with Community, now part of the Community Trade Union (the only 
formal trade union that we recognise). Collective bargaining arrangements are in place with our recognised 
union that cover pay, hours and holidays for non-management grade employees; however, what is considered 
negotiable is subject to consensus and agreement between the AA and Community from time to time. We also 
have several associated collective agreements in place covering redundancy with different severance terms 
dependent on the date employment commenced. We have not had any industrial dispute activities among our 
patrols or administrative and call centres in recent years, and we believe that we have a positive relationship 
with our employees. See further — “Risks Relating to our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement Medical 
Plans”. 
Pensions and post-retirement medical 
The AA Group operates two funded defined benefit pension schemes: (i) the AA Pension Scheme (the “AA UK 
Pension Scheme”) and (ii) the AA Ireland Pension Scheme (the “AA Ireland Pension Scheme”). We also 
operate the AAPMP to provide private healthcare cover to certain categories of retired AA pensioners and their 
dependents. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement Medical Plans—
We are exposed to various risks in connection with the funding of our pension commitments under the AA UK 
Pension Scheme (our principal defined benefit plan), the AA Ireland Pension Scheme and our post-retirement 
medical scheme, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations”. 
Environmental Laws and Regulation 
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to petrol/diesel disposal, clean air and ultra-low 
emission zones, energy and carbon reporting (SECR) and environmental protection. We believe that we are in 
compliance with applicable requirements of such laws and regulations or operate under an applicable regulatory 
position statement. However, we could incur costs, such as fines and third-party claims for property and 
environmental damage, remediations or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under 
environmental laws and regulations. 
Insurance 
We have insurance coverage under various insurance policies for, among other things, property damage, our 
technical and office equipment and stock, our patrol vehicles, as well as coverage for business interruption, 
terrorism and directors and officers. We do not have insurance coverage for all interruption of operations risks 
because in our view, these risks cannot be insured or can only be insured on unreasonable terms. For example, 
there is no insurance coverage against the risk of failure by personal members to pay. We also have insurance 
policies covering employer and public liability, as well as for errors and omissions that may occur when broking 
insurance (professional indemnity insurance, which is required under the FCA regulatory regime). 
We believe our existing insurance coverage, including the amounts of coverage and the conditions, provides 
reasonable protection, taking into account the costs for the insurance coverage and the potential risks to business

--- Page 113 ---
92 
operations. However, we can provide no assurances that losses will not be incurred or that claims will not be 
filed against us which go beyond the type and scope of the existing insurance coverage. 
Legal proceedings 
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business. In 
addition, we may be involved in non-ordinary course litigation. 
See “—Employees and Pension Obligations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and 
Industry—Litigation, roadside injuries or death or regulatory inquiries or investigations could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”. 
We do not expect the legal proceedings in which we are involved or with which we have been threatened, either 
individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations. The outcome of legal proceedings, however, can be extremely difficult to predict with certainty, 
and we can offer no assurances in this regard.

--- Page 114 ---
93 
REGULATORY OVERVIEW 
Introduction 
The Holdco Group includes two regulated financial services companies: (i) AAISL and (ii) AAFSL. 
 
AAISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) to undertake insurance 
intermediation as well as certain consumer credit and consumer hire business. It is currently subject to 
minimum capital requirements (the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from its regulated 
activities). AAISL is also required to ensure that it has adequate resources (both financial and of non-
financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook (COND). 
AAISL has capital resources in excess of its minimum capital requirements. The Board of AAISL has 
independent Non Executive Directors to ensure that AAISL continues to operate independently and 
responsibly. 
 
AAFSL is authorised and regulated by the FCA to undertake certain insurance mediation activities, 
provide credit brokerage services and to arrange for UK customers to enter into regulated mortgage 
contracts. AAFSL entered into a 10 year contractual arrangement with the Bank of Ireland in July 2015, 
which was later extended to at least 2028, to provide a range of AA branded financial service products 
including personal loans and savings. AAFSL is currently subject to minimum capital requirements of 
the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from its regulated activities. AAFSL is also required to 
ensure that it has adequate resources (both financial and non-financial) in line with the requirements of 
Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook (COND). 
The Holdco Group had two authorised insurance underwriting companies in the UK, AA Underwriting Limited 
(“AAUL”) and Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited (“AAUSL”). These companies were 
sold in May 2020 following receipt of regulatory approval. At completion, these companies had no live policies 
and were in run off. 
Automobile Association Developments Limited (“AADL”) writes insurance business which would otherwise 
be regulated; however, as it writes breakdown assistance only it is exempt from the general requirement that 
firms carrying out insurance business in the UK be regulated. AADL, which is part of the Holdco Group, 
conducts certain insurance intermediation activities, predominantly in the UK, as appointed representative of 
AAISL. Used Car Sites Limited (“UCSL”), which is part of the Holdco Group, is also an appointed 
representative of AAISL and AAFSL. AADL and UCSL are not themselves authorised. 
At the AA Group level, AAUICL is authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (“GFSC”) and 
conducts certain insurance activities in the UK through its Solvency II passporting rights on a cross border 
services basis. AAUICL is one of the firms on the panel of underwriters for the insurance brokerage business 
we carry out within the Holdco Group, but is not part of the Holdco Group itself and conducts business with 
the Holdco Group on an arm’s length basis. 
Unless specified otherwise or in the heading, the following sub-sections address the laws and regulations of the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
In the United Kingdom, regulated financial services firms are subject to the authority of one or both of two UK 
regulators: the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and the FCA. 
The PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of all banks, insurance companies and some designated 
investment firms. Although the PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of these firms, they are dual-

--- Page 115 ---
94 
regulated with the FCA which has responsibility for the regulation of their conduct of business. For other 
financial services firms, including insurance intermediaries and other investment firms, the FCA is the sole 
regulator in both prudential and conduct of business matters. 
The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) is the central piece of legislation for the 
regulation of financial services companies in the United Kingdom. Under FSMA, persons carrying on 
“regulated activities” prescribed in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 
2001 (as amended) (“RAO”) must be authorised by the PRA and/or FCA (as appropriate) before carrying on 
any of those regulated activities unless they are exempt. 
As mentioned above, in the United Kingdom, AAISL and AAFSL are authorised and regulated (solely) by the 
FCA. None of the entities in the Holdco Group are authorised or regulated by the PRA. 
Authorisation 
Solo-regulated firms (i.e. firms regulated solely by the FCA, which includes insurance intermediaries) must 
apply to the FCA. When granting authorisation, the FCA must ensure that the firm meets certain threshold 
conditions which, among other things, require the firm to be a fit and proper person (having regard to all 
circumstances) and the firm to have adequate resources (including financial resources) for the carrying on of 
its business. When the FCA grants a firm its authorisation, they set the scope of, and may include such 
restrictions on, the specific permissions granted to the firm. This sets limits on the scope of regulated activities 
that the firm is permitted to carry on. 
FCA Rules 
Once authorised, firms must comply with the rules in the FCA Handbook, as well as the body of other rules and 
guidance published by the FCA. The FCA Handbook contains detailed rules covering, among other things, 
governance, risk management, systems and controls and other organisational requirements, conduct of business 
rules, corporate governance and individual accountability, and prudential (including capital and liquidity) 
requirements. 
In addition to the detailed rules and guidance published by the FCA, the FCA Handbook contains high-level 
standards for conducting financial services business in the United Kingdom, known as the Principles for 
Business. All authorised firms are expected to comply with these standards, which cover (among other things) 
the maintenance of adequate systems, controls and financial resources, treating customers fairly, 
communicating with customers in a manner that is clear, fair and not misleading, and being open and co-
operative with the FCA. 
As there are no regulated insurance undertakings in the Holdco Group and the activities carried on by AAISL 
and AAFSL relate to insurance intermediation activities, the Holdco Group is subject to FCA supervision. 
Insurance Intermediaries and Investment Firms 
Insurance intermediaries and investment firms are generally authorised and regulated by the FCA. They must 
comply with the specific rules that apply to their business. The Holdco Group contains two insurance 
intermediary companies, AAISL and AAFSL, who are both authorised and regulated by the FCA. 
Due to the nature of insurance intermediation business, financial requirements applying to insurance 
intermediaries, particularly those which do not hold client money, are generally less onerous than those applying 
to investment firms and insurance companies. AAISL and AAFSL are subject to relatively limited minimum 
capital requirements (the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from the regulated activities of the

--- Page 116 ---
95 
intermediary). Both entities are also required to ensure that they have adequate resources (both financial and of 
non-financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook (COND). AAISL 
and AAFSL have capital resources in excess of its minimum capital requirements. 
In addition to the prudential rules, AAISL and AAFSL are subject to various conduct of business rules that 
apply specifically to the business they conduct, including in relation to the obligations they owe to their 
customers when performing their regulated business, communications with customers, information disclosures 
and other transparency and reporting requirements. 
Some important sources of rules and accompanying guidance relevant to the insurance intermediary and 
investment services businesses undertaken within the Holdco Group include (but are not limited to) the 
following regulatory handbooks in the FCA Handbook: 
 
the General Prudential Sourcebook (“GENPRU”); 
 
the Prudential Sourcebook for Mortgage and Home Finance Firms and Insurance Intermediaries 
(“MIPRU”); 
 
the Mortgages and Home Finance: Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“MCOB”); 
 
the Insurance: Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“ICOBS”); 
 
the Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”); and 
 
the Consumer Credit Sourcebook (“CONC”), which regulates the limited credit broking activities 
carried on by SSL. 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
There has been increasing focus in the EU on how the insurance industry markets and distributes insurance 
products and on the introduction of appropriate safeguards for customers. The Insurance Distribution Directive 
((EU) 2016/97) (“IDD”) (as amended) set standards for the distribution of insurance products. It replaced the 
previous Insurance Mediation Directive (2002/92/EC). The IDD only set minimum standards – this means that 
firms must also comply with relevant local law and regulations to the extent that they set standards higher than 
the IDD (in the UK, this includes the standards and rules set out in the FCA Handbook). 
The IDD aims to enhance protection for customers buying both general and long term insurance products. It 
also aims to ensure that customers are protected irrespective of the distribution channel used to access an 
insurance product and to promote competition on equal terms between distributors of insurance products. 
The IDD contains requirements for the authorisation of (re)insurance intermediaries and establishes passporting 
rights for firms that are registered under the directive. A range of additional requirements applying to those 
firms are also extended to (re)insurers which are involved in the distribution of insurance products. In particular, 
the IDD imposes specific rules on distributors to act in the best interests of their customers and to ensure that 
information provided to customers is clear, fair and not misleading. It also includes rules on product oversight 
and governance, transparency and conflicts of interests, and enhanced conduct of business rules for IBIPs. 
In the UK, the Insurance Distribution (Regulated Activities and Miscellaneous Amendments) Order 2018 (the 
“IDD Order”) has transposed the IDD into UK law, and amended the relevant provisions of FSMA and RAO. 
The IDD Order came into force on 1 October 2018. (See below further discussion of the effect of the UK’s 
withdrawal from the EU.)

--- Page 117 ---
96 
Consumer Credit 
Consumer credit and hire businesses are authorised and regulated by the FCA. Under the Consumer Credit 
Regime, relevant “regulated activities” include credit broking and entering into a “regulated credit agreement” 
as lender. The Consumer Credit Regime requires relevant entities of the Holdco Group to comply with detailed 
obligations covering areas such as financial promotions, customer communications, pre and post contractual 
requirements, responsible lending, cancellation, arrears, forbearance and debt advice. Relevant entities must 
also comply with certain conditions and requirements relating to corporate governance, internal systems and 
controls, advertising, pre contract disclosure, the form and content of agreements, post contract disclosure, 
default and termination, and judicial control and enforcement. Where a credit agreement is subject to the 
Consumer Credit Regime, it must contain certain prescribed information and terms in a set form. Where these 
strict requirements are not met, such agreements may be unenforceable and where this relates to agreements 
entered into before April 1, 2007, the agreements will be irredeemably unenforceable. Agreements entered into 
on or after April 1, 2007 may be enforceable with an order of the court. However, we cannot guarantee that 
such a court order can be obtained.  
The Holdco Group contains one consumer credit and consumer hire business, AAISL and one credit brokerage 
businesses AAFSL. AADL performs consumer hire business through the provision of hire vehicles to driving 
instructors in its Driving Schools as an appointed representative of AAISL. The FCA has the power to cancel 
or vary a firm’s permission, or to withdraw a firm’s authorisation, under the same regime applicable to 
authorised insurers and insurance intermediaries. 
Non-compliance with certain other provisions of the Consumer Credit Act 1974 (the “CCA”) may also render 
customer agreements unenforceable against the borrower and result in there being no obligation on the borrower 
to pay interest and charges during the period of non-compliance and require interest and charges that have 
already been collected to be refunded. Failure to provide certain post contractual documentation may also render 
the agreement unenforceable during the period of non-compliance. In addition, the FCA has placed increasing 
emphasis on compliance with the principle that a firm must pay due regard to the interests of its customers and 
treat them fairly. The “Treating Customers Fairly” (TCF) obligation requires FCA regulated firms, among other 
things, to demonstrate that senior management are taking responsibility for ensuring that consumer outcomes 
relevant to the business are delivered through maintaining an appropriate firm culture and good practice. Non-
compliance with the CCA and /or non-compliance with the FCA’s TCF or other principles may result in an 
enforcement action by the FCA. On 31 July 2023, a new Consumer Duty will be introduced which the FCA 
represents a paradigm shift in its expectations of firms.  The Consumer Duty introduces a new Consumer 
Principle which requires firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers – see Consumer Duty and 
the new Consumer Principle below. 
Distance Marketing 
In the United Kingdom, the Financial Services (Distance Marketing) Regulations 2004 apply to, among other 
things, credit agreements entered into on or after 31 October 2004 by a “consumer” within the meaning of these 
regulations by means of distance communication (i.e. without any substantive simultaneous physical presence 
of the originator and the borrower). A regulated mortgage contract under the FSMA, if originated by a United 
Kingdom lender from an establishment in the United Kingdom, is not cancellable under these regulations, but 
will be subject to related pre-contract disclosure requirements in MCOB. Certain other credit agreements are 
cancellable under these regulations if the borrower does not receive prescribed information at the prescribed 
time, or in any event for certain unsecured lending. Where the credit agreement is cancellable under these 
regulations, the borrower may send notice of cancellation at any time before the end of the 14th day after the 
day on which the cancellable agreement is made, where all the prescribed information has been received, or, if 
later, the borrower receives the last of the prescribed information.

--- Page 118 ---
97 
If the borrower cancels the credit agreement under these regulations, then: the borrower is liable to repay the 
principal, and any other sums paid by the originator to the borrower under or in relation to the cancelled 
agreement, within 30 days beginning with the day of the borrower sending the notice of cancellation or, if later, 
the originator receiving notice of cancellation; the borrower is liable to pay interest, or any early repayment 
charge or other charge for credit under the cancelled agreement, only if the borrower received certain prescribed 
information at the prescribed time and if other conditions are met; and any security provided in relation to the 
contract is to be treated as never having had effect for the cancelled agreement. 
Appointed Representatives 
AADL and UCSL which form part of the Holdco Group, are appointed representatives of AAISL (which is 
known as the appointed representatives’ “principal”). UCSL is also an appointed representative of AAFSL. An 
appointed representative is not itself authorised by the FCA but is a representative of its principal firm. An 
appointed representative is an exempt person for the purposes of FSMA and the authorised principal firm remain 
responsible and liable for the regulatory compliance of its appointed representatives. 
Supervision and Enforcement 
The FCA supervises firms in a number of ways, including through the Senior Managers & Certification Regime 
(outlined below). The supervisory role of the regulators is supported by a range of rules in the FCA Handbook, 
such as rules requiring firms to notify regulators about certain events. In particular, Principle 11 of the FCA’s 
Principles for Businesses requires that “[a] firm must deal with its regulators in an open and cooperative way, 
and must disclose to the FCA appropriately anything relating to the firm of which that regulator would 
reasonably expect notice”. 
The FCA also has extensive powers to supervise and intervene in the affairs of an authorised firm under FSMA, 
including to monitor compliance with the regulator’s objectives. The FCA has various disciplinary and 
enforcement powers, including the power to: withdraw a firm’s authorisation; cancel, vary or withdraw a firm’s 
permissions; suspend firms or individuals from undertaking regulated activities; impose restitution orders where 
persons have suffered loss; and fine, censure, or impose other sanctions on firms or individuals who breach 
relevant rules. 
The FCA can also formally investigate a firm, require firms to produce information or documents, or require a 
firm to provide a “skilled persons” report under sections 166 and 166A of FSMA. 
In addition to its disciplinary and enforcement powers, the FCA can prosecute certain criminal offences under 
FSMA and other legislation. The FCA also has various powers in relation to market abuse, including the power 
to sanction persons who commit market abuse. 
The FCA has powers in relation to the administration and winding-up of authorised firms under FSMA. 
Breaches by authorised firms of certain rules in the FCA Handbook can also give certain private persons who 
suffer loss as a result of the breach a right of action against the breaching firm for damages. 
The FCA has concurrent powers to enforce competition law prohibitions in relation to the provision of financial 
services. The FCA is also granted the powers to refer market investigation references to the CMA for in depth 
investigation if it identifies a feature or features of a market which give rise to potentially anti-competitive 
effects. The decision to bring a case ultimately rests with the CMA and will be resolved at that level.

--- Page 119 ---
98 
Breakdown Insurance Exclusion 
AADL is the entity responsible for the provision of our roadside assistance business. The RAO, which sets out 
activities which are regulated in the UK under FSMA, contains an exclusion under Article 12 for breakdown 
insurance providers the effect of which is that the provision of breakdown insurance which meets certain 
conditions does not involve the regulated activities or effecting or carrying out contracts of insurance. 
Consequently, companies providing roadside assistance within the exclusion are not required to be authorised 
by the PRA under Section 19 of FSMA. AADL currently benefits from this exclusion and is not therefore 
required to be, nor is it, an authorised insurer for the purposes of FSMA. 
The relevant conditions that must be satisfied in order to qualify for the exclusion are that: 
 
the provider does not otherwise carry on any insurance business; 
 
the cover is exclusively or primarily for the provision of benefits in kind in the event of accident or 
breakdown of a vehicle; and 
 
the policy provides that the assistance: 
 
takes the form of repairs to or removal of the relevant vehicle; 
 
is not available outside the UK and Ireland, except where it is provided without the payment of 
additional premium by a person in the country concerned with whom the provider has entered into 
a reciprocal agreement; and 
 
is provided in the UK or Ireland, in most circumstances, by the provider’s own work force under 
its direction rather than through an outsourcing arrangement. 
Senior Managers and Certification Regime 
FSMA gives the FCA and the PRA powers and responsibilities over individuals carrying on certain roles (known 
as “controlled functions”) for or on behalf of an authorised firm (and appointed representatives) within the UK 
financial services industry. This is one of the ways in which the FCA and PRA supervise firms, including their 
management and governance. 
On 9 December 2019, the Senior Managers Regime and the Certification Regime (known collectively as the 
“SMCR”) came into force for solo (FCA only) regulated firms, including AAISL and AAFSL. The other 
members of the Holdco Group are not FCA regulated entities so SMCR does not apply to them. The SMCR 
aims to enhance the accountability and responsibility of managers, employees and other persons acting on 
behalf of firms and to make sure that authorised firms have clear and effective governance structures. Among 
various other rules, the Senior Managers Regime requires that persons (called “Senior Managers”) performing 
certain roles (called “Senior Management Functions” or “SMFs”) for or on behalf of authorised firms are 
approved by the FCA prior to performing those roles. Senior management functions include key governance 
roles. The FCA may not approve individuals for such roles unless they are satisfied that they have the 
appropriate qualifications, knowledge, training and experience and are fit and proper to perform those functions. 
The FCA may withdraw approval for individuals whom they deem no longer fit and proper to perform those 
functions. 
The SMCR rules apply differently depending on the size and business conducted by each firm: a “Core SMCR 
firm” is subject to additional rules (AAFS is such a firm) and an “Enhanced SMCR firm” is subject to the most 
rules (AAISL is such a firm).

--- Page 120 ---
99 
In addition to the requirement that firms must obtain approval for Senior Managers before those persons 
discharging Senior Management Functions: 
 
authorised firms must allocate specific “Prescribed Responsibilities” between its Senior Managers; 
 
each Senior Manager must have an individual Statement of Responsibilities and owes a “duty of 
responsibility” in respect of the areas of business for which they are responsible; and 
 
under the Certification Regime, individuals performing other key functions must be certified by the firm 
as “fit and proper” (on at least an annual basis). 
All persons performing designated senior management functions in AAISL and AAFSL must be approved by 
the FCA for those roles, and AAISL and AAFSL must allocate the applicable Prescribed Responsibilities 
between their Senior Managers. As such, they are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations for which they are 
personally accountable to the FCA. All relevant persons in the Holdco Group who are required to be approved 
under SMCR are appropriately registered with the FCA. 
The FCA has wide-ranging powers under FSMA and the SMCR to act against persons who fail to satisfy their 
regulatory obligations or who cease to be fit and proper, including (but not limited to) withdrawal of their 
approval, fines and other disciplinary actions. 
Brexit 
Under the terms of the EU Withdrawal Agreement, the UK withdrew from membership of the EU on 31 January 
2020. Despite the implementation of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement on 31 December 2020, 
there remains significant uncertainty as to future relations between the UK and the EU, including the legal rights 
and obligations for businesses in financial services industries not covered by the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement. The final arrangements for financial services trade between the UK and EU remains unclear. Such 
uncertainty could negatively impact business and consumer confidence in the UK, which could lead to reduced 
levels of travel, and leisure travel in particular. 
As noted above, AAUICL is a Gibraltar company providing regulated insurance services into the UK. As the 
UK government is still negotiating the future relationship between the UK and the EU following Brexit, the full 
potential impact of Brexit on the UK in general and on the Group’s business is unclear. However, The UK 
government consulted in 2020 on the Gibraltar Authorisation Regime (“GAR”) to deliver on the government’s 
commitment to enable Gibraltar based financial services firms to continue accessing the United Kingdom 
market after the expiration of the transition period. Existing transitional arrangements have already been 
extended until 31 December 2021 and are expected to remain in place until the permanent arrangements of the 
GAR are implemented. The UK’s Financial Services Act 2021, the majority of which entered into force on 29 
April 2021, provides for permanent market access through the GAR following the transitional arrangements. 
Gibraltar-based financial services firms will therefore be able to provide financial service in the United 
Kingdom as authorised persons without having obtained full authorisation from the FCA under FSMA. 
Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 
In the United Kingdom, the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended (the “1999 
Regulations”), together with (in so far as applicable) the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts 
Regulations 1994 (together with the 1999 Regulations, the “UTCCR”), applies to agreements made on or after 
1 July 1995 but prior to 1 October 2015 by a “consumer” within the meaning of the UTCCR, where the terms 
of such agreement have not been individually negotiated. Regulation 2 of the UTCCR revoked the Unfair Terms

--- Page 121 ---
100 
in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994, which applied to agreements entered into between 1 July 1995 and 
30 September 1999 and were replaced by the UTCCR.  
The Consumer Rights Act 2015 (the “CRA”) revoked the UTCCR in respect of contracts made on or after 
1 October 2015 but largely retains the same unfair contract terms framework. The UTCCR or the CRA apply 
to all consumer contracts entered into, or intermediated, by the AA group entities. 
The UTCCR and the CRA provide that a consumer may challenge a term in an agreement on the basis that it is 
“unfair” and, therefore, not binding on the consumer or for the regulator to take enforcement action to stop the 
use of terms which are considered to be unfair (although the rest of the agreement will remain enforceable if it 
is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair term). 
The UTCCR and the CRA will not generally affect terms which define the main subject matter of the contract, 
such as the borrower’s obligation to repay the principal (provided that these terms are written in plain and 
intelligible language and are drawn adequately to the consumer’s attention), but may affect terms that are not 
considered to be terms which define the main subject matter of the contract, such as terms imposing default 
charges or restricting refunds of fees if a customer cancels a service or settles early. For example, if a term 
permitting the lender to impose a default charge is found to be unfair, the borrower will not be liable to pay the 
default charge or, to the extent the borrower has paid it, will be able, as against the lender, or any assignee, to 
claim repayment of the default charge paid or to set-off the amount of the claim against the amount owing by 
the borrower under the loan or any other loan agreement the borrower has taken with the lender. 
The extremely broad and general wording of the UTCCR and the CRA makes any assessment of the fairness of 
terms largely subjective and makes it difficult to predict whether or not a term would be held by a court to be 
unfair. It is therefore possible that any credit agreements and insurance agreements covered by the UTCCR may 
contain unfair terms which may result in the possible unenforceability of the terms of the underlying 
agreements. 
General Insurance Pricing Practices 
Following its study into the way general insurance firms charge their customers for home and motor insurance 
and follow up consultation, the FCA issued final guidance in May 2021 that laid out various provisions intended 
to ensure effective competition and appropriate consumer protection in this area, including: 
 
a ban on ‘price walking’ for home and motor insurance. Firms will need to offer a renewal price to 
consumers which is no greater than the equivalent new business price (“ENBP”) which a new customer 
would be offered. The ENBP takes into account any changes in the consumer’s risk information, so that 
it reflects their actual risk (whether this has increased or decreased since the start of the policy); 
 
rules to ensure that firms deliver fair value to their customers and have appropriate governance 
arrangements in place to monitor this. All general insurance and pure protection products will need to 
be reviewed at least annually, although more frequent reviews are required for products with a higher 
associated risk of not delivering fair value; 
 
provisions to ensure that consumers are provided with a range of accessible ways in which to opt out of 
auto-renewal of their policies. These rules apply to all types of retail insurance products; and 
 
requirements for annual reporting of pricing information for retail home and motor insurance. 
The new provisions on systems and controls, product governance, premium finance provisions and related 
changes came into force on 1 October 2021 with the requirements on pricing and auto-renewal remedies, 
reporting provisions and related changes following on 1 January 2022. There was a short transitional period to 
17 January 2022 to allow for the full implementation of processes for the pricing and auto renewal disclosure

--- Page 122 ---
101 
remedies, providing that firms compensated any customers who suffered a loss resulting from the failure to 
have processes in place on 1 January. The Holdco Group’s project to implement the required changes was 
completed by 1 January 2022. Overall, the business impact remains uncertain and it is also not possible to 
predict the behaviour of competitors in response to this changed regulatory landscape. While the Roadside 
business was not directly affected, the pricing remedy has been applied to the additional products sold alongside 
home or motor insurance. Roadside is sold as a standalone product at the same time as home and motor 
insurance but is not connected with the home or motor insurance. However, there is a risk that Roadside sold at 
the same time as home or motor insurance might be deemed as an additional product and subject to the pricing 
remedy, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 
Consumer Duty and the new Consumer Principle 
In July 2022, the FCA published its final rules in relation to a new Consumer Duty which introduces a new 
Consumer Principle to the FCA’s Principles for Businesses.  The Consumer Principle requires firms to act to 
deliver good outcomes for retail customers. The FCA has stated that the new Consumer Duty represents a 
paradigm shift in its expectations of firms and sets higher and clearer standards of consumer protection across 
financial services.  It requires firms to put their customers’ needs first. The introduction of new cross cutting 
rules requires firms to: act in good faith, avoid causing foreseeable harm, and enable and support retail 
customers to pursue their financial objectives. The Consumer Duty will apply across the distribution chain and 
covers four outcomes: products and services, price and value, consumer understanding and consumer support. 
Firms will have to provide consumers with information they can understand, offer products and services that 
are fit for purpose for the target market and provide helpful customer service. In accordance with the key 
milestones for the new regulatory principle, the business’ implementation plan was approved by the AAISL 
Board ahead of 31 October 2022 and in respect of products which we Manufacture, reviews to meet the outcome 
rules were completed before the 30 April 2023 deadline. The Consumer Duty rules will be implemented by the 
FCA from 31 July 2023 and following significant work by the regulated firms within the group across the 
impacted products offered by the group we are confident that the businesses are ready and able to comply with 
the new requirements. AAISL Board has provided oversight throughout the planning phases and will continue 
to oversee, check and challenge the implementation of the new rules accordingly. 
Sustainability  
Sustainability, in particular climate change, is a growing source or regulatory intervention and pressure. The 
PRA has set out expectations that insurers should be identifying and managing the financial risks from climate 
change and responsibility for doing so should be allocated at board level. Similarly, management of 
sustainability risks is increasingly expected to be addressed in annual reports and other disclosures. 
Sustainability risk management is also increasingly important when seeking to raise finance, as lenders and 
investors are scrutinising firms’ risk management in relation to environmental, social and governance issues. 
Cost of Living 
In June 2022, the FCA wrote to more than 3,500 lenders to remind them of the standards they should meet as 
consumers across the country are affected by the rising cost of living, in particular in ensuring that borrowers 
struggling with payments and customers in vulnerable circumstances can access the help they need.  The FCA 
is also concerned that some customers in vulnerable circumstances are not getting the support they need, with 
some lenders failing to discuss the potential benefits of money guidance or free debt advice or helping and 
supporting borrowers to access these. Financial difficulty is tracked and measured throughout the business at 
the relevant pricing and governance forums to ensure customers are supported and continue to receive good 
customer outcomes, with a particular focus on vulnerable customers. Following the pandemic, various

--- Page 123 ---
102 
additional financial support measures were introduced by AAISL to assist insurance customers facing financial 
difficulty and AAISL has continued to provide this ongoing support.

--- Page 124 ---
103 
MANAGEMENT 
AA Limited (“The AA”) 
AA Limited is a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 05149111 and registered address at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, 
RG21 4EA, United Kingdom.  AA Limited was previously known as AA plc. AA plc delisted from the London 
Stock Exchange on 10 March 2021 and was re-registered as a private limited company on 17 March 2021. The 
address for all members of the board of directors (the “Board”) is Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, 
Hampshire, RG21 4EA, United Kingdom. The decision making for certain matters has been reserved for the 
Board, for example, the acquisition or disposal of any assets of the AA Group, the entry into or termination of 
any joint venture, and/or the acquisition or disposal of any property. 
The Board 
During the year ended 31 January 2023, the governance framework in respect of the AA was amended. From 
March 2021 until October 2022, investment oversight of the AA was exercised by the board of directors of 
Basing Topco. Since October 2022, management control of the AA has been exercised by the board of directors 
of AA Limited.  
The table below sets forth the name, age and current position of each member of the Board as of 31 May 2023. 
Name 
 
Age  
Position 
Richard Haythornthwaite ....................................  
 
66 
 
Chairman 
Jakob Pfaudler .....................................................  
 
51 
 
Director 
Thomas (Tom) Mackay .......................................  
 
48 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Adarsh Sarma ......................................................  
 
49 
 
Director 
Gordon Holmes ...................................................  
 
54 
 
Director 
Kory Sorenson ....................................................  
 
54 
 
Non-Executive Director 
 
The following is a summary of the business experience of each member of the Board. 
Rick Haythornthwaite, Chairman, is one of the UK’s most experienced and respected business leaders with a 
wealth of relevant experience, including as chairman, non-executive director, and CEO of some of the world’s 
leading companies in the technology, financial services and industrial sectors. Rick is currently Chairman of 
Ocado plc. He was previously Chairman of Mastercard Inc., a position he retired from at the end of 2020 having 
joined just before the IPO of the company in 2006. Rick is also the chairman and co-founder of QiO 
Technologies Ltd, an advanced analytics and AI software company. He has previously served as CEO of listed 
companies Invensys plc and Blue Circle Industries plc. His other senior board appointments have included 
Cookson Group plc, Lafarge SA, Imperial Chemical Industries plc, Land Securities plc, Network Rail Limited, 
Better Regulation Commission and Centrica plc. 
Jakob Pfaudler, Chief Executive Officer of The AA, joined in April 2021. Jakob is a FTSE 20 transformative 
leader, with extensive experience in Retail Banking, Consumer Finance, Digital and Wealth Management. Jakob 
led all the Personal and Business customer-facing activities under the Lloyds, Halifax and Bank of Scotland 
brands. He has chaired the Lloyds Banking Group Customer Committee, and has had exclusive non-executive 
director experience in insurance, mobility and educational services.  Jakob holds a PhD in Theoretical Physics 
from Oxford University.

--- Page 125 ---
104 
Tom Mackay, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), joined The AA in November 2021. Tom is a CFO with proven 
track record with an over 25 year career in finance including as a Chartered Accountant. Prior to joining The 
AA as CFO Tom held roles including CFO for Pret A Manger, CFO of Virgin Atlantic & Virgin Holiday and 
Head of Finance for the Food business at Marks and Spencer plc, and International Head of Finance within the 
M&S international business. 
Adarsh Sarma is based in London and Co-Heads the European business of Warburg Pincus. Prior to this, he 
led the firm’s Technology investment activities in Europe. Mr. Sarma joined Warburg Pincus as a Principal in 
2005 in New York, where he was responsible for leading the firm’s Payments and Education related investing. 
Mr. Sarma is currently a Director of The AA, Fortius, Inspired Group, PTSG and Quantexa. Since joining 
Warburg Pincus, Mr. Sarma has been involved with numerous investments including Visma, FIS/Metavante, 
InComm, EFS, Avaloq, Accelya, Bridgepoint Education, Liaison International, Stratford, NEOGOV, Wall 
Street Systems, ACAMS and MLM Information Services, among others. Mr. Sarma serves on the Board of 
Pratham USA, one of India’s largest not-for-profit organisations. He is also a member of the Polsky Center 
Private Equity Council at the University of Chicago and a member of the Dean’s Council at Weill Cornell 
Medicine, which is focused on advancing the goals of research, teaching and patient care. Prior to Warburg 
Pincus, Mr. Sarma worked at ChrysCapital, an Indian private equity fund, and prior to that Radiowave, a 
technology start-up funded in part by Warburg Pincus and McCown De Leeuw, a middle market private equity 
fund. Mr. Sarma received a B.A. from Knox College, Phi Beta Kappa and an M.B.A. from the University of 
Chicago. 
Gordon Holmes joined TowerBrook in 2010. He was previously a Managing Principal at Quadrangle Group, 
where he headed the firm’s London office. Prior to Quadrangle Group, he was a General Partner at Forstmann 
Little & Co., and he began his career at Goldman Sachs, where he worked in the firm’s London, New York and 
Singapore offices. Gordon has been involved with TowerBrook’s investments in Acacium Group, AIM Aviation, 
Haymarket Financial, Gravity Media Group, Van Dijk Education (TLN), ACPS Automotive, AustroCel Hallein, 
CapQuest and CarTrawler. Gordon earned his B.C.L. from University College Dublin in 1990 and received his 
M.B.A. from Stanford Business School in 1995. 
Kory Sorenson is an independent, non-executive director, bringing extensive experience in leadership and 
governance in financial services and industrial companies, private and public, and not-for-profit entities across 
Europe as well as in North America. Kory currently chairs the audit committees of SCOR SE in France and 
SGS SA in Switzerland, and the remuneration committees of Phoenix Group Holdings plc in the UK and Pernod 
Ricard SA in France.  She was previously Managing Director, Head of Insurance Capital Markets of Barclays 
Capital and held senior positions in the investment banking and capital markets divisions of Credit Suisse, 
Lehman Brothers and Morgan Stanley. 
Alternate Directors 
The table below sets forth the name and age of each Alternate Director as of 31 May 2023. 
Name 
 
Age  
Position 
James O’Gara ......................................................  
 
38 
 
Alternate Director 
Joseph Knoll .......................................................  
 
47 
 
Alternate Director 
 
The following is a summary of the business experience of each Alternate Director.  
James O’Gara joined Warburg Pincus in 2014 and focuses on investments in the financial services sector. He 
is currently a Director of McGill and Partners. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, Mr. O’Gara was an investment

--- Page 126 ---
105 
professional at H.I.G. Capital. James has also been involved with Warburg Pincus’s investments in Tilney Smith 
& Williamson, Max, Ionos, Santander Asset Management, Allfunds, and DBRS. He received a B.S. cum laude 
in Business Administration from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. with distinction from London Business 
School. 
Joseph (Joe) Knoll joined TowerBrook in 2015. He was previously a Director of York Capital, where he helped 
build the European distressed and event-driven credit business as Head of European Restructurings. Prior to 
York Capital, he was a founding member of Morgan Stanley’s Principal Investment Group (“MSPI”). Joe has 
sat on numerous Boards, both Public and Private, on behalf of York & MSPI. Joe has been involved with 
TowerBrook’s investments in Azzurri, Aernnova, Swissport, Precis Capital, Law Finance Group, Gruppo Coin, 
Gravity Media Group, ACPS Automotive and GBA. Joe earned his B.S. from Yeshiva University and is a 
Trustee of City Year UK and a member of the Advisory Council of Black Women in Asset Management. 
Senior Management 
The Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) take on all management and decision-making for the day to day 
running of The AA and The AA group of companies. Set forth below is information concerning the senior 
management of the AA Group as of 31 May 2023. 
Name 
 
Age  
Position 
Jakob Pfaudler .....................................................  
 
51 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
Thomas (Tom) 
Mackay  ...............................................................  
 
48 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Dean Keeling ......................................................  
 
47 
 
Managing Director, Roadside 
Joseph Park .........................................................  
 
52 
 
Managing Director, Insurance 
Martin Fleming ...................................................  
 
55 
 
Chief Operating Officer 
Harj Johal ............................................................  
 
52 
 
Managing Director Customer Operations 
Louise Benford....................................................  
 
49 
 
Chief People Officer 
Briony Horvath ...................................................  
 
44 
 
Chief Risk Officer 
Nick Edwards ......................................................  
 
42 
 
Chief Digital Officer 
James Cox ...........................................................  
 
40 
 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
 
Below is a summary of the business experience of our senior management, other than those senior managers 
listed below under “The Issuer” or above as a member of the Board. 
Dean Keeling, Managing Director, Roadside, joined The AA in October 2021. Dean is responsible for ensuring 
The AA provides the highest standards of service to our customers from their first contact and then throughout 
their lifetime with The AA. This includes personal members and business customers, our AA Prestige business, 
Drivetech, as well as the AA Roadside Patrols teams. Dean has more than 25 years’ senior manager experience 
across Procter & Gamble, Centrica, Domestic & General and Direct Line Group. 
Joseph (Gus) Park, Managing Director, Insurance, joined The AA in January 2022. Gus manages and takes 
charge of the Driving Schools. Prior to this, he spent 10 years with Direct Line Group, where he carried out the 
role of MD of Motor Insurance. Before joining Direct Line Group, Gus worked in retail banking, strategy 
consulting and the civil service.

--- Page 127 ---
106 
Martin Fleming, Group Chief Operating Officer, joined The AA in July 2020. Martin has twenty years of 
experience in financial services, and considerable board level experience across a number of countries including 
positions approved by regulators in both the UK and Spain. Before joining The AA, he held a number of senior 
roles at Lloyds Banking Group, including Mortgage Transformation Director for all brands in the Group and 
Managing Director of Scottish Widows Bank. He was also Head of Finance, Distribution and Strategy for UK 
Retail at the NatWest Group. Martin has a BEng in Mechanical Engineering from the National University of 
Ireland, Galway and an MBA from INSEAD. He is also a Board Trustee of Volunteering Matters, the INSEAD 
Trust for European Management Education and the Industrial Liaison Board at the University of Edinburgh 
School of Engineering. 
Harj Johal, Managing Director of Customer Operations, joined The AA in March 2022. Previously Harj, held 
operational and leadership roles at RBS Insurance and Direct Line Group where he worked for 24 years. Harj 
studied at Aston university and gained an MBA. Harj is a member of local charities across the Sikh 
communities. 
Louise Benford, Chief People Officer, joined The AA in July 2020. Louise has significant HR experience 
working in highly regulated environments both in the UK and internationally. Louise has previous experience 
in leading transformational and cultural change, building high performing teams, talent management, 
employment engagement and employee communications. Louise was most recently UK HR Director at William 
Hill plc for four years where she led a number of strategic initiatives at a time of significant business 
transformation. Prior to that, Louise was Personal Lines HR Director at RSA. 
Briony Horvath, Chief Risk Officer, joined The AA in March 2020. She has extensive trustee, executive 
management and board experience gained within a range of institutions, from charities to global financial 
institutions. Before joining The AA, she was Risk and Compliance Director at Flagstone and Group Head of 
Compliance Operations at Prudential plc. She has a B.A. in Art History and Management from La Trobe 
University, Melbourne, and an MSc in Corporate Governance and Business Ethics from Birkbeck, University 
of London. 
Nick Edwards, Chief Digital Officer, joined The AA in June 2022. Prior to this, Nick was the Transformation 
Director in Retail at Lloyds Banking Group covering Digital, Branch and Call Centre transformation for all 
retail brands. He has also previously held roles in Financial Services across Mortgages, Bancassurance and 
Distribution and is a Trustee at Tax Aid, a UK based charity. 
James Cox, General Counsel and Company Secretary, joined The AA in 2018 as a Head of Legal and Deputy 
Company Secretary before stepping up to the role of General Counsel and Company Secretary in 2021. Prior 
to The AA, James spent the majority of his career in-house at a listed telecommunications company.  
Senior Management will continue to be responsible for the daily operations of The AA. ConsortiumCo also has 
the ability to appoint senior management. 
Committees 
The following committees have been established at the level of The AA for the purposes of monitoring our 
activities. The information below is provided as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Audit and Risk Committee 
The Audit and Risk Committee has been delegated responsibility for discharging duties relating to the audit 
process, financial reporting, corporate control, review of the Group’s risk appetite, internal controls and risk 
management systems.

--- Page 128 ---
107 
Kory Sorenson, who was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 February 2022, has also been appointed 
as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. Other members of the Committee are James O’Gara, Joseph Knoll, 
Rick Haythornthwaite and Tom Mackay. 
The Audit and Risk Committee meets formally at least three times a year and otherwise as required. Other 
members of The AA’s senior management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Risk Officer among 
others, as well as external auditors, are invited to attend meetings as necessary. 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee has delegated responsibility from the Board in relation to 
remuneration and certain appointments, including making recommendations to the Board on The AA’s policy 
on executive remuneration, determining the individual remuneration and benefits package of each of the 
Executive Directors and recommending and monitoring the remuneration of senior management below Board 
level. It also supports the Board in reviewing its composition, evaluating its performance and assisting with 
succession planning for the Board and Executive Committees. 
Gordon Holmes is the Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.  Other members of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee are Adarsh Sarma, Rick Haythornthwaite and Jakob Pfaudler. 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee meets formally at least twice a year and otherwise as required. 
Other members of The AA’s senior management, including for example the Chief People Officer, are invited to 
attend meetings as necessary. 
Compensation 
In the year ended 31 January 2023, the aggregate total remuneration paid, including short-term employee 
benefits, share-based payments and compensation for loss of office, to key management personnel (being those 
persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the AA 
Group) was £8 million.

--- Page 129 ---
108 
THE SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer and Borrower are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Holdco and Holdco is an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of AA Limited. AA Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Basing Bidco Limited (“Bidco”). 
Bidco is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey and is an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Basing Topco. 
Basing Topco is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey and is an indirect subsidiary 
of ConsortiumCo (as defined below). 
Bidco and Basing Topco are controlled by the Consortium through Basing Consortiumco Limited 
(“ConsortiumCo”), a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. ConsortiumCo is owned 
in equal shares by (i) funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates (the “TowerBrook Funds”) and (ii) private 
equity funds managed by Warburg Pincus or its affiliates (the “Warburg Pincus Funds”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ConsortiumCo owns 84% of Basing Topco, with the remaining interest 
held by eligible shareholders of The AA as a result of the Acquisition. 
Management of the AA Group sits with AA Limited. See “Management” for a summary of the AA Limited. 
TowerBrook 
TowerBrook Capital Partners is a purpose-driven, transatlantic investment firm that works to grow and 
improve businesses by partnering with management teams and employees to build excellent companies that 
make a positive impact on society. Since inception in 2001, TowerBrook has raised a total of $21.9 billion and 
invested in more than 90 companies on both sides of the Atlantic. TowerBrook operates as a single, unified 
team of experienced investment professionals focused on unlocking value in complex situations. The firm’s 
highly synergistic family of funds make control and non-control investments across the capital structure, 
providing capital and resources to transform the capabilities and prospects of its portfolio companies.  
As a disciplined investor with a commitment to fundamental value, TowerBrook seeks to deliver superior, 
risk-adjusted returns to investors on a consistent and responsible basis. TowerBrook is the first mainstream 
private equity firm to be certified as a B Corporation. B Corporation certification is administered by the non-
profit B Lab organisation and is awarded to companies that demonstrate leadership in their commitment to 
ESG standards and responsible business practices. 
 
Warburg Pincus 
Warburg Pincus LLC is a leading global growth investor. The firm has more than $80 billion in assets under 
management. The firm’s active portfolio of more than 250 companies is highly diversified by stage, sector, and 
geography. Warburg Pincus is an experienced partner to management teams seeking to build durable companies 
with sustainable value. Founded in 1966, Warburg Pincus has raised 21 private equity and 2 real estate funds, 
which have invested more than $109 billion in over 1,000 companies in more than 40 countries. The firm is 
headquartered in New York with offices in Amsterdam, Beijing, Berlin, Hong Kong, Houston, London, 
Luxembourg, Mumbai, Mauritius, San Francisco, São Paulo, Shanghai, and Singapore. 
The firm’s strategy combines deep industry and local market experience; the flexibility to support all stages of 
a company’s development; a long-term investment horizon; and fully aligned interests among our portfolio 
company management teams, limited partners, and the firm’s professionals. Warburg Pincus’ partnership model 
ensures that all of the firm’s resources are committed to the success of each portfolio company. Warburg Pincus

--- Page 130 ---
109 
works with its management partners to form strategy, create appropriate capital structures, analyse merger 
candidates, evaluate and recruit talent, and implement digital innovations. Warburg Pincus takes a long-term 
perspective and invests in businesses at all stages of development, from founding start-ups and supporting 
growth in new and developing companies, to leading complex recapitalizations or large-scale buy-outs of more 
mature businesses. This long-term approach also applies to expectations of accountability, the firm’s 
commitment to ethical business conduct and acting as a responsible investor and member of the local 
communities in which it operates. Warburg Pincus’ social commitment is further demonstrated by the firm’s 
charitable giving program (funded by the Warburg Pincus Foundation), community outreach and volunteer 
programs.

--- Page 131 ---
110 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated and registered in Jersey on 14 May 2013 (with registered number 112992) as a 
public company of unlimited duration and with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The 
Issuer was initially formed to facilitate the refinancing of our business in that year through the WBS. The Issuer 
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. The registered office of the Issuer is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St. 
Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG, Channel Islands and its telephone number is +44 1534 514000. The Issuer is resident 
for United Kingdom tax purposes in the United Kingdom. The memorandum and articles of association of the 
Issuer may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer is organised as a special purpose company and its principal activities are the acquiring, holding and 
managing of its rights and assets under the Class A IBLAs and Class B IBLAs along with borrowing under the 
Liquidity Facility and entering into the Issuer Hedging Agreements. On or around 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered 
into the Issuer Transaction Documents for the purpose of making a profit. The Issuer has no subsidiaries or 
employees. 
Directors and Company Secretary 
The directors and company secretary of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and principal 
activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Ogier Global Company Secretary 
(Jersey) Limited ..................................... 
 
3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, 
St Helier, Jersey JE4 
9WG, Channel Islands 
 
Secretary 
Tom 
Mackay ................................................... 
 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Helena Whitaker ....................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Marianne Neville ...................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Tom Mackay. The following is a summary of 
the business experience of the current board of directors of the Issuer. 
Helena Whitaker, Director, is the Head of UK Capital Markets at Intertrust, and responsible for business 
development, transaction management and governance services in the capital markets UK service line. She has 
over 20 years’ experience of corporate service provision of which 13 working in the capital markets business 
of Intertrust. Prior to Intertrust she was Head of Corporate Legal in a corporate services professional practice,

--- Page 132 ---
111 
Group Company Secretary in international wholesale businesses and her experience also covers the charitable 
sector where she was the chairman of trustees of an educational charity. By profession, she is a qualified 
chartered secretary (FCIS). 
Marianne Neville, Director, is the Group Financial Controller at The AA, having worked there in various 
financial roles since June 2010. She has 20 years’ experience of corporate finances. Prior to The AA, Marianne 
worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers. By profession, she is a chartered accountant. 
The directors receive no remuneration from the Issuer for their services. The directors of the Issuer may engage 
in other activities and have other directorships. As a matter of Jersey law, each director is under a duty to act 
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interest of the Issuer, regardless of any other directorship he 
or she may hold.  
None of the directors of the Issuer has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and 
their private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
The Issuer is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco and its authorised share capital is £10,000, divided into 
10,000 ordinary shares of £1.00 each, two of which are issued and fully paid. Since the date of incorporation, 
no options to acquire shares have been issued or authorised. Since its incorporation up to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has not paid any dividends. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, 
including certain negative covenants, which ensure that the control of the Issuer by Holdco is not abused. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022, the independent auditors of the Issuer were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. 
PwC is registered to carry out audit work by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Financials 
The most recent audited financial statements of the Issuer (the “Issuer Financials”), which are for the financial 
year ended 31 January 2023, are available to be inspected and obtained at the Issuer’s registered office at 3rd 
Floor, 44 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG, Channel Islands. The Issuer Financials are incorporated by 
reference to this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.

--- Page 133 ---
112 
BORROWER 
General 
The Borrower was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 
29 December 2005 as a private limited company with number 05663655. The Borrower’s registered office is at 
Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. 
The memorandum and articles of association of the Borrower may be inspected at the registered office of the 
Borrower. 
Principal Activities 
The Borrower was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in 
connection with being, a holding company, along with borrowing under the Class A IBLAs, the Class B IBLAs, 
the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility and the Liquidity Facility and entering into the Borrower 
Hedging Agreements. The Borrower does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group 
and, therefore, the ability of the Borrower to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of 
dividends from its sole direct subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited, and receiving payments from certain other 
members of the Holdco Group under intercompany loans. 
Directors 
The directors of the Borrower and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Marianne Neville ...................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Tom Mackay ..........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Tom Mackay and “The Issuer” for a summary 
of the business experience of Marianne Neville. None of the directors of the Borrower has any actual or potential 
conflict between their duties to the Borrower and their private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
The Borrower is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
The Borrower is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Acquisition Co Limited and its issued share capital is £1, 
divided into one £1 share. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain negative 
covenants, which ensure that the control of the Borrower by AA Acquisition Co Limited is not abused. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022, the independent auditors of the Borrower 
were PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC 
is a registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales to practise in England and Wales. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited the Borrower’s accounts,

--- Page 134 ---
113 
without qualification, in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years 
ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022.

--- Page 135 ---
114 
HOLDCO 
General 
Holdco was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 9 June 2004 
as a private limited company with number 05148845. Holdco’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing 
View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum 
and articles of association of Holdco may be inspected at the registered office of Holdco. 
Principal Activities 
Holdco was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in connection 
with being, a holding company.  
Holdco does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group. Consequently, the ability of 
Holdco to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of dividends from its subsidiary, AA 
Acquisition Co Limited. 
Directors 
The directors of Holdco and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Marianne Neville ...................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Tom Mackay ..........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Tom Mackay and “The Issuer” for a summary 
of the business experience of Marianne Neville. None of the directors of Holdco has any actual or potential 
conflict between their duties to Holdco and their private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
Holdco is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
Holdco is a wholly owned subsidiary of Topco and its issued share capital is £360,893,049, divided into 
360,893,049 £1 shares. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2023, the independent auditors of Holdco were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a 
registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales to practise in England and Wales. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited Holdco’s accounts, 
without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 
31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022.

--- Page 136 ---
115 
TOPCO 
General 
Topco was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 30 March 2004 
as a private limited company with number 05088289. Topco’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing View, 
Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum and 
articles of association of Topco may be inspected at the registered office of Topco. 
Principal Activities 
Topco was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in connection 
with being, a holding company. Topco does not have any financial obligations to Class A Noteholders. 
Directors 
The directors of Topco and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Marianne Neville ...................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Tom Mackay ..........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
 
 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Tom Mackay and “The Issuer” for a summary 
of the business experience of Marianne Neville. 
None of the directors of Topco has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to Topco and their private 
interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
Topco is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
Topco is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Limited and its issued share capital is £55,384,613.51, divided into 
5,538,461.351 £0.01 shares. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022, the independent auditors of Topco were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a 
registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales to practise in England and Wales. PwC has audited Topco’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 
31 January 2022.

--- Page 137 ---
116 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED 
General 
Automobile Association Developments Limited (“AADL”) was incorporated under the Companies Act 1945 
to 1981 and registered in England and Wales on 18 January 1985 (with registered number 1878835) as a private 
company with limited liability. The registered office of AADL is Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, 
RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 345 607 6727. The memorandum and articles of association of 
AADL may be inspected at the registered office of AADL. 
Principal Activities 
The principal activities of AADL are the provision of Roadside Assistance and the management of AA’s driving 
instructor franchise operations.  
The provision of Roadside Assistance was transferred to AADL from The Automobile Association Limited 
(“TAAL”) which was incorporated and registered in Jersey (with registered number 73356) on 20 January 1999. 
TAAL is now a dormant company. 
Directors 
The directors of AADL and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Jakob Pfaudler ........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Dean Keeling .........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Tom Mackay ..........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Jakob Pfaudler, Dean Keeling and Tom 
Mackay. 
None of the directors of AADL has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to AADL and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
AADL is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
AADL is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Corporation Limited and its issued share capital is £100,000, divided 
into 100,000 £1 ordinary shares. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain 
negative covenants, which ensure that the control of AADL by AA Corporation Limited is not abused.

--- Page 138 ---
117 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2023, the independent auditors of AADL were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a 
registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales to practise in England and Wales. PwC has audited AADL’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 
31 January 2022.

--- Page 139 ---
118 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION INSURANCE SERVICES LIMITED 
General 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited (“AAISL”) was incorporated under the Companies Act 
1985 and registered in England and Wales on 17 August 1989 as a private limited company with number 
02414212. AAISL’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA 
and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum and articles of association of AAISL may be 
inspected at the registered office of AAISL. 
Principal Activities 
AAISL was established as a private limited company and its principal activity is the provision of insurance 
intermediary services. AAISL is authorised and regulated as a General Insurance Intermediary by the FCA. 
Directors 
The directors of AAISL and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal Activities 
Janet Connor ..........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Joseph Park ............................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
Dean Keeling .........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
David Rogers .........................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
 
Director 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Joseph Park and Dean Keeling. 
None of the directors of AAISL has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to AAISL and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
AAISL is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
AAISL is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Corporation Limited and its issued share capital is £19,000,000, 
divided into 19,000,000 £1 shares. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain 
negative covenants, which ensure that control of AAISL by AA Corporation Limited is not abused.

--- Page 140 ---
119 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2022, the auditors of AAISL were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a 
registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales to practise in England and Wales. PwC has audited AAISL’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 31 January 2023 and 
31 January 2022.

--- Page 141 ---
120 
SUMMARY OF THE COMMON DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal documents relating to the transactions 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
General overview 
The Senior Finance Parties (which includes the Issuer) all benefit from common terms set out in the CTA under 
their relevant debt instrument. The Junior Finance Parties are not party to the CTA but have their own terms as 
set out in the relevant Class B Authorised Credit Facility. The Senior Finance Parties and the Junior Finance 
Parties benefit from a common security package granted by the Borrower, Holdco and certain of Holdco’s 
subsidiaries (as Obligors under the CTA). It is a requirement of the CTA that any future provider of a Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility must accede to and be bound by the terms of the CTA (see “—Common Terms 
Agreement” below). Any future provider of any Authorised Credit Facility must also accede to the intercreditor 
arrangements contained in the STID (see “—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” below). The Issuer, as 
provider of each loan to the Borrower corresponding to the proceeds of an issuance of Class A Notes or Class 
B Notes, will also be party to and be bound by the CTA (in respect of the Class A Notes only) and the STID. 
The CTA sets out the common terms applicable to each Class A IBLA and each other Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (other than each Liquidity Facility, each Borrower Hedging Agreement and each OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement) into which the Borrower enters. Save for certain limited exceptions, no Senior Finance Party can 
have additional representations, covenants, trigger events or loan events of default beyond the common terms 
deemed to be incorporated by reference into their Class A Authorised Credit Facilities through their execution 
of, or accession to, the CTA. 
The STID regulates among other things: (i) the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors; (ii) the exercise and 
enforcement of rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors; and (iii) the giving of instructions, consents and waivers 
and, in particular, the basis on which votes of the Obligor Secured Creditors will be counted. 
All agreements listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be 
governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Common Terms Agreement 
General 
The Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Borrower, 
the Original Obligors, the Holdco Group Agent, the Cash Manager and the Borrower Account Bank, among 
others, entered into the CTA on 2 July 2013. The CTA sets out the representations, covenants (positive, negative 
and financial), Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default that apply to each Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(including for the avoidance of doubt each Class A IBLA and any other document entered into in connection 
with a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, but excluding any Hedging Agreement and OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement). 
It is a term of the CTA that any representation, covenant, Trigger Event or CTA Event of Default contained in 
any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than any Liquidity Facility Agreement, Hedging Agreement and 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement) which is in addition to those in the CTA will be unenforceable (save for 
limited exceptions which, among other things, include tax representations and covenants relating to “know your 
customer” checks, the delivery of documents to allow payments to be made without deduction of Tax, the 
purpose of the relevant facility, provisions as to illegality, information undertakings, indemnities, covenants to 
pay, voluntary prepayments, cash sweep, equity cure rights, mandatory prepayments or mandatory “clean-
down” provisions (other than upon or following the occurrence of any event of default howsoever worded in a

--- Page 142 ---
121 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility) and covenants relating to remuneration, costs and expenses) unless they are 
also offered to all of the parties to the CTA on the same basis and for the duration of the relevant facility. In 
addition, subject to certain conditions, further representations, covenants, Trigger Events and CTA Events of 
Default may be included where they are extended to all of the Senior Finance Parties including the Issuer. 
It is a requirement of the CTA that future providers of Class A Authorised Credit Facilities and other Senior 
Finance Parties accede to the CTA, the Master Definitions Agreement and the STID. 
The CTA contains certain indemnities of the Obligors to the Senior Finance Parties in respect of losses caused, 
inter alia, by CTA Events of Default. 
A summary of the representations, covenants, Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default included in the CTA 
is set out below. 
Representations 
On the date on which any new Class A Authorised Credit Facility Agreement (including any Class A IBLA) is 
entered into, each Obligor will make a number of representations in respect of itself and if applicable, its 
Subsidiaries to each Senior Finance Party. These representations include (subject, in some cases, to agreed 
exceptions and qualifications as to materiality and reservations of law) representations as to: 
(a) 
its due incorporation, valid existence, power and authority to own its assets and carry on its business as 
it is being conducted; 
(b) 
power to enter into, deliver and perform the Senior Finance Documents and other Transaction 
Documents; 
(c) 
all Authorisations required to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and perform its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents and make them admissible in evidence in certain relevant proceedings are 
in effect or will be obtained before the Closing Date and all Authorisations required for the conduct of 
its and its Subsidiaries’ business including the Permitted Business have been obtained or effected and 
are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
its obligations under the Senior Finance Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable; 
(e) 
no conflict with laws, regulations, regulatory or governmental clearances, licences, constitutional 
documents and other documents; 
(f) 
ownership or licensing of material intellectual property that is required for its business; 
(g) 
maintenance of insurance and matters relating to insurance companies and captive insurers; 
(h) 
good, valid and marketable title and valid leases or licences and authorisations to use the assets necessary 
to carry on their business including the Permitted Business as presently conducted; 
(i) 
absence of Insolvency Events; 
(j) 
absence of CTA Defaults and Trigger Events; 
(k) 
matters relating to Taxes; 
(l) 
the accuracy and completeness of certain information including financial statements and information 
contained in each Information Memorandum or Information Package; 
(m) 
that certain models, financial forecasts and projections were arrived at after careful consideration and 
prepared in good faith and based on reasonable assumptions and recent historic information; 
(n) 
the absence of any contingent liabilities or commitments not disclosed in relevant financial statements;

--- Page 143 ---
122 
(o) 
all occupational pension schemes are funded in accordance with applicable law and that no warning 
notice, contribution notice or Financial Support Direction has been made and the Holdco Group is not 
currently required to contribute to the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme in 
excess of the amounts disclosed in writing prior to the Closing Date; 
(p) 
the Holdco Group structure chart supplied as part of the conditions precedent is true, accurate and 
complete; 
(q) 
the choice of governing law to govern the Senior Finance Documents and enforcement of judgments; 
(r) 
matters relating to centre of main interest; 
(s) 
matters relating to compliance with laws, regulations, licences including environmental compliance, 
anti- money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions compliance and compliance with ERISA, Margin 
Regulations and the Investment Company Act; 
(t) 
the absence of litigation, arbitration, administrative proceedings or environmental claims; 
(u) 
ranking of claims; 
(v) 
no security over assets of the Holdco Group other than Permitted Security and no financial indebtedness 
other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness; 
(w) 
the shares of any member of the Holdco Group subject to security are fully paid and not subject to any 
option to purchase or similar rights; 
(x) 
the security granted by the Obligor Security Documents has the ranking expressed in those documents 
and is not subject to any prior ranking or pari passu ranking; 
(y) 
matters relating to Holding Companies; and 
(z) 
matters relating to the status of Material Companies as Obligors on the Closing Date and compliance 
with the Obligor Coverage Test. 
On each Payment Date, on each date of a request for a borrowing and, on the first date on which any Utilisation 
is made, after the Closing Date each Obligor shall make certain repeating representations (the “Repeated 
Representations”). An Obligor acceding to a Class A Authorised Credit Facility shall make the Repeated 
Representations on the date of such accession. 
Covenants 
The CTA contains certain covenants from each of the Obligors. A summary of the covenants is set out below. 
Information Covenants 
Financial Statements 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent undertakes to supply to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security 
Trustee, and any Facility Agent, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, the Rating Agency and the Class 
A Note Trustee and, if requested by the Obligor Security Trustee, in sufficient copies for all Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors: 
(i) 
consolidated audited Annual Financial Statements of Holdco prepared as if the members of the 
Holdco Group and the Issuer constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes, and related 
accountants’ reports, as soon as they are available but in any event within 150 days after the end 
of each Financial Year;

--- Page 144 ---
123 
(ii) 
consolidated unaudited Semi-Annual Financial Statements of Holdco prepared as if the members 
of the Holdco Group and the Issuer constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes for 
the first financial half year in each Financial Year, as soon as they are available but in any event 
within 90 days after the end of such financial half year; and 
(iii) 
annual Financial Statements of each member of the Holdco Group representing 5% or more of 
the EBITDA of the Holdco Group (audited to the extent available), as soon as they are available 
but in any event within 150 days after the end of each of its Financial Years. 
(b) 
The Holdco Group Agent must ensure that: 
(i) 
each set of Financial Statements is prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles and 
includes a cashflow statement, a profit and loss statement and a balance sheet and gives a true 
and fair view of or, in the case of any unaudited Semi-Annual Financial Statement, fairly presents 
its financial condition (consolidated or otherwise) as at the date to which those Financial 
Statements were drawn up and of the results of its operations during such period; 
(ii) 
it notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any material change to the basis on which its audited 
consolidated Annual Financial Statements and the unaudited consolidated Semi-Annual Financial 
Statements of Holdco are prepared (including a change of the Accounting Principles or the 
accounting practices) and deliver a description of any change necessary to be made for those 
financial statements to reflect the Accounting Principles or accounting practices upon which the 
Original Financial Statements were prepared and sufficient information to determine the 
calculation of the financial ratios and Excess Cashflow in respect of any relevant period and to 
make an accurate comparison between the financial position indicated in those financial 
statements and the Original Financial Statements; 
(iii) 
if the change could reasonably be expected to result in a deviation above 5% from the result of 
the calculation of the relevant financial ratio or Excess Cashflow, the Holdco Group Agent shall 
(or if the deviation could reasonably be expected to result in a deviation above 3% it may) appoint 
an international firm of auditors to determine the amendments required to be made to the relevant 
financial ratios and associated definitions. Prior to the Holdco Group Agent appointing such 
auditors, the Obligor Security Trustee shall, if directed in accordance with the STID, enter into 
discussions with a view to agreeing any amendments required to be made to the financial ratios 
and associated definitions and the definition of Excess Cashflow to place the Holdco Group and 
the Obligor Security Trustee in a comparable position. 
Notification of CTA Default or Trigger Event 
(a) 
Unless the Obligor Security Trustee has already been so notified by another Obligor, each Obligor (or 
the Holdco Group Agent on its behalf) must notify the Obligor Security Trustee of any CTA Default or 
Trigger Event under the Senior Finance Documents relating to it (and the steps, if any, being taken to 
remedy it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence. 
Compliance Certificate 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent shall supply to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, and 
any Facility Agent, the Issuer, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties and the Rating Agency a Compliance 
Certificate (i) with each set of Financial Statements of Holdco; (ii) not less than 5 Business Days prior 
to Holdco Group entering into an Authorised Credit Facility referred to in the definition of “Additional 
Financial Indebtedness”; and (iii) upon completion of a Qualifying Public Offering.

--- Page 145 ---
124 
(b) 
Such Compliance Certificate shall include (i) the Class A FCF DSCR and calculations thereof in 
reasonable detail; (ii) the maximum amount of Permitted Investor Payments that may be made in the 90 
days following the date of required delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate (including 
calculations in reasonable detail demonstrating that the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as at the most 
recent Test Date to EBITDA in respect of the Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro forma 
for any payment of such maximum amount would not exceed 5.5:1); (iii) in respect of any Additional 
Financial Indebtedness proposed to be incurred, the Class A FCF DSCR and (if required by paragraph 
(b) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness”) the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt to 
EBITDA (in each case calculated on a pro forma basis as provided for in that definition) and calculations 
thereof in reasonable detail confirming that the requirements of that definition are met; (iv) in respect of 
a Qualifying Public Offering, the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA (calculated as provided in the 
definition of “Qualifying Public Offering”) and calculations thereof in reasonable detail, (v) with each 
set of Annual Financial Statements, the amount and calculations in reasonable detail of the Excess 
Cashflow for the applicable Financial Year; (vi) with each set of Annual Financial Statements 
confirmation of the Holdco Group’s compliance with the Obligor Coverage Test; (vii) with each set of 
Annual Financial Statements, a list of the Material Companies; (viii) with each set of Financial 
Statements, the amount of Retained Excess Cashflow as at the date of the relevant Compliance 
Certificate; (ix) details of any payments made out of Retained Excess Cashflow in the period since the 
date of the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered with a set of Financial Statements and used to 
fund: (i) any Permitted Acquisition under paragraph (d) of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition”; (ii) 
any Permitted Joint Venture Investment; (iii) any other amounts referenced in paragraphs (b) to (m) of 
the definition of “Excess Cashflow” to the extent funded from Retained Excess Cashflow (and not 
already separately reported in the relevant Compliance Certificate); (iv) any Permitted Investor Payment; 
(v) any payment in respect of a Class B Authorised Credit Facility permitted under the CTA and Class 
A IBLA; and (vi) any loan made pursuant to paragraph (k) of the definition of “Permitted Loan”, in each 
case to be set out separately and in aggregate; (x) with each set of Financial Statements summary details 
of any acquisition or disposal of Subsidiaries, subsidiary undertakings or interest in any Joint Venture 
by any member of the Holdco Group and of any company or business or material asset disposals by any 
member of the Holdco Group, in each case since the previously delivered Compliance Certificate (or, if 
none, the Closing Date); (xi) with each set of Financial Statements, confirmation that the Holdco Group 
is in compliance with the clean down provisions in any Working Capital Facility insofar as such 
provisions required a clean down during the relevant period; (xii) confirmation that the statements in 
such Compliance Certificate is accurate in all material respects; (xiii) confirmation that no CTA Default 
or Trigger Event has occurred or is continuing, or if a CTA Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is 
continuing, the steps (which shall be specified) being taken to remedy such CTA Default or Trigger 
Event; and (xiv) confirmation that the Holdco Group is in compliance with the Hedging Policy. 
The Obligor Security Trustee may, acting on the written instructions of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors 
holding an aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of at least 20% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities then outstanding challenge a statement(s), 
calculation(s) or ratio(s) in a Compliance Certificate and call for other substantiating evidence. An independent 
expert may be appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee (in consultation with the Holdco Group Agent) to 
investigate the statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) challenged. No Obligor may make a Restricted Payment 
during the period (i) starting on (and including) the date on which a Compliance Certificate is delivered and 
ending on (and excluding) the date falling 15 Business Days from such date; and (ii) in the event that the 
Compliance Certificate is challenged by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the provisions above, 
the period starting on (and including) the date of the challenge until the earlier of: (A) the date on which 
investigations in respect of the challenge are completed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Obligor Security 
Trustee; (B) the date on which the independent expert appointed to investigate such statement(s), calculation(s)

--- Page 146 ---
125 
or ratio(s) announces its conclusions that the relevant statement(s) or calculation(s) or ratio(s) that were the 
subject of the challenge were not materially inaccurate or misleading in a manner that resulted in there being 
no subsistence of a Trigger Event; and (C) 2 Business Days after a re-stated Compliance Certificate which is 
accurate in all material respects (taking into account the findings of the independent expert (if applicable)) has 
been delivered. 
Investor Report 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent (on behalf of each Obligor) must supply, at the same time as a Compliance 
Certificate is provided, to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, and any Facility 
Agent, the Issuer, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, the Rating Agency and the Class A Note Trustee, 
and if requested by the Obligor Security Trustee, in sufficient copies for all of the relevant Obligor Senior 
Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured Creditors, an Investor Report. 
(b) 
Each Investor Report must include (i) the Class A FCF DSCR and calculations thereof in reasonable 
detail; (ii) if any Permitted Investor Payments have been made since the date of the immediately 
preceding Investor Report (or, if none, since the Closing Date), the amount of such Permitted Investor 
Payments and calculations in reasonable detail demonstrating that the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as 
at the relevant Test Date to EBITDA in respect of the Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro 
forma for such Permitted Investor Payment did not exceed 5.5; (iii) if any Additional Financial 
Indebtedness was incurred since the date of the immediately preceding Investor Report (or, if none, since 
the Closing Date), the Class A FCF DSCR and (if required by paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Additional Financial Indebtedness”) the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt to EBITDA in each case 
calculated on a pro forma basis as provided for in the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” 
and calculations thereof in reasonable detail confirming that the requirements of the definition were met; 
(iv) if a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred since the date of the last Investor Report, the ratio of 
Total Net Debt to EBITDA (calculated as provided in the definition of “Qualifying Public Offering”) 
and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; (v) when delivered with each set of Annual Financial 
Statements, the amount and calculation in reasonable detail of Excess Cashflow for the applicable 
Financial Year; (vi) when delivered with each set of Financial Statements, the amount of Retained Excess 
Cashflow as at the date of the relevant Investor Report; (vii) when delivered at the same time as the 
Annual Financial Statements (a) a confirmation of Holdco Group’s compliance with the Obligor 
Coverage Test, (b) a list of the Material Companies; and (viii) when delivered with each set of Financial 
Statements a general update of the following including narrative and details of any key changes: (A) a 
general overview of the Permitted Business; (B) details of any material regulatory changes and business 
developments; (C) details of any Capital Expenditure (excluding Maintenance Capital Expenditure) in 
an amount exceeding £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in other currency or currencies); (D) details 
of the current financing position; (E) summary details of any acquisitions or disposals in each case in an 
amount exceeding £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in other currency or currencies); and (F) 
summary of the current hedging position, and (ix) confirmation that (A) the contents of the Investor 
Report is accurate in all material respects; (B) no CTA Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is 
continuing, or if a CTA Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, the steps (which shall 
be specified) being taken to remedy such CTA Default or Trigger Event; and (C) the Holdco Group is in 
compliance with the Hedging Policy. 
Annual Investor Call and Annual Presentation 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent must hold annually an open one-way investor update conference call with the 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders for the purpose of senior management 
addressing the information contained in the most recent Investor Report.

--- Page 147 ---
126 
(b) 
The Holdco Group Agent must hold each year a presentation on the ongoing business and financial 
performance of the Holdco Group made by at least one director of the Holdco Group Agent to the Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors. 
Pensions Update 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent shall promptly notify the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agency of 
(i) prior to the ABF Implementation Date, (x) any material amendments to the agreed form term sheet 
for the ABF or any material delay in, or a decision not to proceed with, the implementation of the ABF, 
and (y) at the reasonable request of the Obligor Security Trustee, any information in relation to the status 
of the discussions with the AA UK Pension Trustee, in relation to the ABF, in each case save that at no 
time shall any member of the Holdco Group be required to disclose information which is confidential or 
could materially and adversely impact on the conduct of any negotiations with the AA UK Pension 
Trustee; and (ii) details of any actual or proposed changes to the schedule of contributions or any other 
financial support proposed to be put in place for the AA UK Pension Scheme which has the effect of 
increasing such contributions or other financial support by more than £10,000,000 per annum or for the 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme which has the effect of increasing such contributions or other financial 
support by more than €5,000,000 per annum. 
Prospectus 
(a) 
Each Obligor shall ensure that the Prospectus of the Issuer is updated as required under applicable laws 
or market practice before the Issuer seeks to issue any further series or tranches of Class A Notes after 
the validity period following the filing of the latest update (or, if none, the original filing of the 
Prospectus) has expired. 
Obligor Information 
(a) 
Subject to any duty of confidentiality and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, each Obligor 
must supply to the Obligor Security Trustee and any Facility Agent: 
(i) 
all documents despatched by it to its creditors generally or any class of them at the same time as 
they are dispatched; 
(ii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current or threatened in writing against any 
Obligor where such proceedings are reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so 
determined, would or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(iii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any insurance 
claims in respect of a loss that exceeds £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); 
(iv) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any investigation 
or proceeding with, from or involving any regulator or other Governmental Authority into the 
activities of the Holdco Group which are reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so 
determined, would or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(v) 
such material information about the business and financial condition of the Holdco Group and 
the Issuer which can be requested by the Obligor Security Trustee on the instructions of 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors (acting reasonably) holding at least 20% by value of the 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities, provided that, at any time when no CTA Event of 
Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting, a maximum of one such request for

--- Page 148 ---
127 
information may be made, in any 12 month period save that nothing shall oblige any Obligor to 
disclose any information which in its reasonable opinion is commercially sensitive information; 
(vi) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware thereof details of any material risk to the 
preservation and maintenance of the Intellectual Property; 
(vii) 
any proposed amendments to the Senior Finance Documents which are subject to the amendment 
regime set out in the STID; and 
(viii) as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware thereof details of any downgrade action 
by the Rating Agency in respect of the Class A Notes. 
(b) 
If any duty of confidentiality would preclude disclosure of the relevant details to the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, and any Facility Agent, the 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the Holdco Group Agent shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to obtain the consent (where relevant) of the applicable third-party to such disclosure on the 
basis that such information shall be kept confidential by each such recipient and shall not be disclosed 
by any such recipient for so long as such information remains confidential. 
(c) 
In addition, the Holdco Group Agent shall maintain an open investor website (the “Designated 
Website”) on which information to be provided pursuant to the CTA to the Obligor Secured Creditors 
and the Issuer Secured Creditors shall be published. Notwithstanding the foregoing the Holdco Group 
Agent may designate a third-party to operate and manage the Designated Website on its behalf. Holdco 
Group Agent must promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence, notify the Obligor Security Trustee 
and the Class A Note Trustee if the Designated Website cannot be accessed or the Designated Website 
or any information on it is infected by any electronic virus or similar software for a period of 5 Business 
Days, in which case the Obligors must supply the Obligor Security Trustee and the Class A Note Trustee 
with all information required under the CTA in paper form with copies as requested by any Senior 
Finance Party or any Issuer Secured Creditor. 
(d) 
Each Obligor must provide any Authorised Credit Provider with information necessary to comply with 
“know your customer” or similar identification procedures where the information is not already available 
to it. 
Financial Covenants and Equity Cure 
(a) 
Subject to the Equity Cure below, the Holdco Group Agent shall ensure that the Class A FCF DSCR in 
respect of each Test Period shall not be less than the Class A Default Ratio Level. 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
a Compliance Certificate delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee for any period shows that as 
at a Test Date, the Class A FCF DSCR is less than the Class A Default Ratio Level; 
(ii) 
within the period of 30 days after the required date for delivery of a Compliance Certificate 
showing the non-compliance with the requirements of paragraph (a) above, a New Shareholder 
Injection or Investor Funding Loan is made and the Borrower applies the amount of such New 
Shareholder Injection or Investor Funding Loan (the “Equity Cure Amount”): 
(A) 
unless a Trigger Event (other than as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements 
of paragraph (a) above in respect of which the Equity Cure is being effected) is subsisting 
at that time, at the discretion of the Borrower to permanently repay, prepay, defease (by 
way of credit to the Defeasance Account) or purchase any Class A Notes and/or any 
amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any

--- Page 149 ---
128 
Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) and to pay any related swap termination 
amounts under any Hedging Agreements, break costs and redemption premia payable in 
connection therewith; or 
(B) 
if a Trigger Event (other than as a result of the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of which the 
Equity Cure is being effected) is subsisting at that time, pro rata as provided for in 
paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Voluntary Prepayment”), below; and 
(iii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the relevant Test Period, recalculated assuming the application of the 
Equity Cure Amount had taken place at the beginning of the relevant Test Period, is not less than 
the Class A Default Ratio Level, 
then for all purposes thereafter (including, without limitation, as to any determination of the occurrence 
of a CTA Event of Default) the Class A FCF DSCR as at the relevant Test Date shall be deemed to have 
been the same as the Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR (the “Equity Cure”). For this purpose 
“Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR” means the Class A FCF DSCR for the relevant Test Period 
calculated assuming that the transactions funded by the relevant Equity Cure Amount referred to in this 
paragraph took place at the beginning of the relevant Test Period. 
(c) 
The Obligor Security Trustee must, as soon as is reasonably practicable after being so requested but in 
any event not earlier than the Business Day immediately following the relevant Test Date, consent to the 
release of funds from the Defeasance Account (deposited in the Defeasance Account) if and to the extent 
that, following such release, the Class A FCF DSCR (disregarding the Equity Cure Amount (if any), 
requested to be so released) remains at or greater than the Class A Default Ratio Level (as certified by 
the Holdco Group Agent in the Compliance Certificate to be provided in connection with such relevant 
Test Date). 
(d) 
No more than three Equity Cures may occur in any rolling period of five Financial Years ending after 
the Closing Date and no Equity Cures may be made in respect of any consecutive Test Periods. 
General Covenants 
Pursuant to the CTA, the Obligors have given covenants which are customary for a financing of this type (with 
customary carve-outs, thresholds and caveats) including in relation to compliance with laws, conduct of 
business and maintenance of licences and authorisations. In particular, the Obligors have given the following 
covenants: 
Authorisations 
(a) 
to obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect, any material 
Authorisation required under any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to enable it to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents and ensure, subject to the Reservations, the legality, 
validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Transaction Document and to obtain, comply 
with and do (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group obtains, complies 
and does) all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect any Authorisation required under any 
law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to carry on its and its Subsidiaries’ business where (other 
than in the case of the Transaction Documents) failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect, and supply certified copies of any such Authorisation to the Obligor Security 
Trustee upon request;

--- Page 150 ---
129 
Compliance with Laws 
(b) 
to comply (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will comply) in all respects 
with all laws to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply would or is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect; 
Environmental Compliance and Claims 
(c) 
to comply (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will comply) with all 
Environmental Laws and obtain and ensure compliance with all requisite Environmental Permits where 
in each case failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(d) 
promptly upon becoming aware thereof, to inform (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of 
the Holdco Group will inform) the Obligor Security Trustee in writing of any Environmental Claim 
against any member of the Holdco Group which is current, pending or threatened in writing where the 
claim, if determined against that member of the Holdco Group, would or is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect; 
Anti-money Laundering Laws, Anti-bribery Laws and Sanctions 
(e) 
to conduct (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will conduct) its operations 
at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting 
requirements of the money laundering laws of all applicable jurisdictions and any related rules, 
regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency; 
(f) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will not) use the proceeds of 
the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities to make any unlawful payments which would breach the Bribery 
Act 2010, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other similar legislation in other 
relevant jurisdictions in any material respect and shall institute and maintain policies and procedures 
designed to ensure continued compliance with applicable anti–money laundering and anti–bribery laws; 
(g) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) (i) knowingly engage 
in any transaction or business with any individual or entity that is a Restricted Person, (ii) use any 
revenue or benefit derived from any activity or dealing with a Restricted Person to be used in discharging 
any obligation due or owing to an Obligor Secured Creditor, and will not use any product or services 
offered to it by an Obligor Secured Creditor in a manner which is reasonably likely to cause such Obligor 
Secured Creditor to be in breach of Sanctions, (iii) directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any 
Subsidiary, Joint Venture, partner or other person (a) for the purpose of funding any activities of or 
business with any Restricted Person, or in any country or territory that at the time of such use, loan, 
contribution or making available such proceeds is the subject of any Sanctions, or (b) in any other manner 
that would result in a violation by any person of any Sanction or such person becoming a Restricted 
Person; 
(h) 
to ensure that (i) it is not (and Holdco will procure that any other member of the Holdco Group, or any 
director, officer, agent, employee or person acting on behalf of the foregoing is not) a Restricted Person 
and does not act directly or indirectly on behalf of a Restricted Person, (ii) to the extent permitted by 
law it shall promptly upon becoming aware of them supply to the Obligor Security Trustee details of any 
claim, action, suit, proceedings or investigation against it with respect to Sanctions by any Sanctions 
Authority, and (iii) it will comply in all respect with all Sanctions;

--- Page 151 ---
130 
Taxation 
(i) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) pay and discharge all 
Taxes imposed upon it or its assets within the time period allowed without incurring penalties unless and 
only to the extent that: 
(i) 
such payment is being contested in good faith; 
(ii) 
adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest them 
which have been disclosed in its latest Financial Statements delivered to the Obligor Security 
Trustee; and 
(iii) 
such payment can be lawfully withheld and failure to pay those Taxes would not have or is not 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
and not to change its residence for Tax purposes; 
Merger 
(j) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any 
amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation or corporate reconstruction other than a Permitted 
Transaction; 
Change of Business 
(k) 
to (and Holdco undertakes to procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) carry on only 
Permitted Business; 
Acquisitions 
(l) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) acquire a company or 
any shares or securities or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in any of them) or 
incorporate a company, other than an acquisition of a company, of shares, securities or a business or 
undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in any of them) or the incorporation of a company which is a 
Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Transaction; 
Joint Ventures 
(m) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into, invest in or 
acquire (or agree to acquire) any shares, stocks, securities or other interest in any Joint Venture or transfer 
any assets or lend to or guarantee or give an indemnity for or give any Security Interest for the obligations 
of a Joint Venture or maintain the solvency of or provide working capital to any Joint Venture (or agree 
to do any of the foregoing) other than any acquisition of (or agreement to acquire) any interest in a Joint 
Venture or transfer of assets (or agreement to transfer assets) to a Joint Venture or loan made to a Joint 
Venture that is a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
Holding Companies 
(n) 
Holdco, Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower shall not trade, carry on any business, own any assets or 
incur any liabilities except for: 
(i) 
the provision of administrative services (other than treasury services) to other members of the 
Holdco Group of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
ownership of the shares in Subsidiaries or any other shares acquired in connection with a 
Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(iii) 
credit balances in bank accounts, cash and Cash Equivalent Investments;

--- Page 152 ---
131 
(iv) 
intra-Holdco Group debit and credit balances; 
(v) 
any assets and liabilities and performing obligations under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and professional fees and administration costs in connection therewith and otherwise 
in the ordinary course of business as a holding company; and 
(vi) 
incurring liability to pay Tax and paying the Tax, and 
shall not at any time own shares in any person that is a member of the Holdco Group other than the 
member of the Holdco Group that is its direct subsidiaries on the Closing Date or, in the case of the 
Borrower, a wholly-owned Subsidiary established for the purpose of issuing PP Notes; 
(o) 
IPCo and the Partnership shall not trade, carry on any business, own any assets or incur any liabilities 
except pursuant to the ABF; 
Preservation of Assets and Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount 
(p) 
to (and shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) maintain in good working order 
and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) all of its assets necessary or desirable in the conduct of 
its business where failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(q) 
to ensure that: 
(i) 
the Holdco Group shall spend the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount annually on 
Maintenance Capital Expenditure for the maintenance and preservation of the assets of the 
Holdco Group necessary or desirable in the conduct of its business constituting Permitted 
Business; 
(ii) 
at the end of each Financial Year, to the extent that the Obligors have not spent an amount equal 
to the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount during such Financial Year, the Borrower 
shall procure that an amount equal to the difference between the Minimum Capital Maintenance 
Spend Amount and the amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure actually spent by the 
Obligors for such Financial Year (such difference, the “Unused Capital Maintenance Spend 
Amount”) is transferred to the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account; 
(iii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account may only be 
utilised in connection with a payment of expenditure incurred in respect of Maintenance Capital 
Expenditure in respect of future Financial Years, provided that any such amounts spent under this 
paragraph shall not count towards the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount for the 
Financial Year in which it is spent, and 
(r) 
After every consecutive period of five Financial Years (with effect from the end of the Financial Year 
ending 31 January 2018), the Holdco Group Agent shall determine a new Minimum Capital Maintenance 
Spend Amount to apply for the following five Financial Years. Provided such new Minimum Capital 
Maintenance Spend Amount is approved by an independent expert appointed by the Holdco Group Agent 
as being a reasonable estimate of the likely minimum capital expenditure requirements of the Holdco 
Group for the following five Financial Years (such independent expert having had regard, amongst 
others, to the reasonableness of the assumptions contained in the business plan on which such 
determination was based) the new Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount as determined by the 
Holdco Group Agent will apply from the next Financial Year for the following five Financial Years. If 
the independent expert does not approve the determination of the Holdco Group Agent then the amount 
determined by the independent expert after consultation with the Holdco Group Agent as being a 
reasonable pre-estimate of the likely minimum capital expenditure requirements of the Holdco Group 
for the following five Financial Years will apply instead. In the event that the amount standing on the

--- Page 153 ---
132 
Maintenance Capex Reserve Account is in excess of the new minimum amount of Maintenance Capital 
Expenditure so determined by the independent expert the Obligors shall not be permitted to release any 
such excess from the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account and all amounts (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, such excess) standing to the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account must be spent on 
Maintenance Capital Expenditure; 
Pari passu ranking 
(s) 
to ensure that at all times any unsecured and unsubordinated claims of an Obligor Secured Creditor 
against it under the Senior Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred 
by laws of general application to companies; 
Negative Pledge 
(t) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will): 
(i) 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest over any of its assets; 
(ii) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased 
to or re-acquired by an Obligor; 
(iii) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms; 
(iv) 
enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be 
applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or 
(v) 
enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect, 
in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising 
Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset, other than any Security Interest or 
quasi-security which is Permitted Security, a Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction; 
Disposals 
(u) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into a single 
transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to 
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any asset other than any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal 
which is a Permitted Disposal, a Permitted Transaction or a Permitted Payment or disposal giving effect 
to a Liabilities Acquisition which is permitted by the STID; 
Arm’s length basis 
(v) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any 
transaction with any person, except on arm’s length terms and for full market value other than: 
(i) 
intra Holdco Group loans and Investor Funding Loans; 
(ii) 
fees, costs and expenses payable under the Transaction Documents in the amounts set out in the 
Transaction Documents (as applicable); 
(iii) 
a Permitted Transaction; 
(iv) 
transactions between members of the Holdco Group which are not otherwise prohibited by the 
terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(v) 
any charitable or pro bono activities of the Holdco Group up to £1,000,000 (Indexed) (or 
equivalent in other currencies) in any consecutive 12 month period; and

--- Page 154 ---
133 
(vi) 
provided that they are on arm’s length terms, transactions under the Umbrella Services Agreement 
and the Business Transfer Deed which are not for full market value; 
Loans or Credit 
(w) 
not to (and shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) be a creditor in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness other than a Permitted Loan or a Permitted Transaction; 
No Guarantees or Indemnities 
(x) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) incur or allow to 
remain outstanding any guarantee in respect of any obligation of any person other than a guarantee which 
is a Permitted Guarantee or a Permitted Transaction; 
Restricted Payments 
(y) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) make a Restricted 
Payment unless (i) such payment is made pursuant to a Permitted Tax Transaction or in respect of any 
service or contract provided or referred to in the Umbrella Services Agreement or (ii) the Class A 
Restricted Payment Condition is satisfied and such payment is a Permitted Payment or a transaction 
permitted under paragraph (e) of the definition of “Permitted Transaction” provided that where the Class 
A Restricted Payment Condition is not satisfied solely as a result of a failure to pay principal on the Final 
Maturity Date under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, payments may be made under (a) any Class 
B Authorised Credit Facility entered into on or prior to the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
until the Final Maturity Date under that Class B Authorised Credit Facility; and (b) any Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility entered into after the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the 
Final Maturity Date under that Class B Authorised Credit Facility provided that a BBB or higher Rating 
Agency confirmation was obtained in respect of the Financial Indebtedness attributable to that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility and the Class A Notes prior to that Class B Authorised Credit Facility being 
entered into, provided that in each case the Class A FCF DSCR is not below the Trigger Event Ratio 
Level when the relevant payment is made; 
Financial Indebtedness 
(z) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) incur or allow to 
remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness or a 
Permitted Transaction. With respect to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness under paragraph (e) of the 
definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, after every consecutive period of five Financial Years 
(with effect from the end of the Financial Year ending on 31 January 2018), the Holdco Group Agent 
may (at its option) determine a new maximum amount for the aggregate capital value of all items leased 
under outstanding capital or finance leases (the “Maximum Finance Lease Amount”) to apply for the 
following five Financial Years. Provided such new Maximum Finance Lease Amount is approved by an 
independent expert appointed by Holdco Group Agent as being a reasonable estimate of the likely 
maximum capital and finance lease requirements of the Holdco Group for the following five Financial 
Years (such independent expert having had regard, among other things, to the reasonableness of the 
assumptions contained in the business plan on which such determination was based, the impact on 
financial covenants and the requirement for a reasonable amount of headroom to avoid any unexpected 
breach of this paragraph in the following five Financial Years) the new Maximum Finance Lease Amount 
as determined by the Holdco Group Agent will apply from the next Financial Year for the following five 
Financial Years. If the independent expert does not approve the determination of the Holdco Group Agent 
then the amount determined by the independent expert after consultation with the Holdco Group Agent 
as being a reasonable pre-estimate of the likely maximum capital and finance lease requirements of the 
Holdco Group for the following five years will apply instead;

--- Page 155 ---
134 
Share Capital 
(aa) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) issue any shares except 
pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or a Permitted Transaction; 
Insurance 
(bb) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) maintain insurances on 
and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is commercially prudent 
in accordance with good industry practice for such assets for companies carrying on the same or a 
substantially similar business with (A) reputable independent insurance companies or underwriters or 
(B) captive insurers which are members of the Holdco Group provided that (i) such captive insurers are 
incorporated in a jurisdiction approved by an insurance adviser appointed by the Obligor Security 
Trustee from time to time, at the sole cost of the Obligors, provided that such insurance adviser’s 
approval shall be deemed to have been given in respect of any captive insurer whose jurisdiction of 
incorporation is the United Kingdom or Ireland, (ii) the relevant Obligors have no financial liabilities to 
such captive insurers under any policy of insurance or reinsurance, other than the payment of any 
premium set out therein, and (iii) all policies of insurance or any other contracts between the relevant 
Obligors and such captive insurer are on arm’s length terms and for sufficient consideration. Each 
Obligor shall take all reasonable and practicable steps to preserve and enforce its rights and remedies 
under or in respect of its insurance policies and contracts. Each Obligor shall supply to the Obligor 
Security Trustee on request copies of each insurance policy and contract together with the current 
applicable premium receipts; 
Pensions 
(cc) 
the Holdco Group Agent shall ensure that: 
(i) 
the AA UK Pension Scheme is funded in compliance with Part 3 of the Pensions Act 2004, the 
provisions of the trust deed and rules governing the AA UK Pension Scheme and that no action 
or omission (except to comply with Part 3 of the Pensions Act 2004 or other law, provided that 
such action or omission is when reasonably practicable notified in advance and in writing to the 
Obligor Security Trustee) is taken by any member of the Holdco Group in relation to the AA UK 
Pension Scheme which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 
(including, without limitation, the termination or commencement of winding-up proceedings of 
any such pension scheme or any member of the Holdco Group ceasing to employ any member of 
the AA UK Pension Scheme); 
(ii) 
the AA Ireland Pension Scheme is funded in compliance with Irish pensions funding legislation 
and that no action or omission (except to comply with legal requirements, provided that such 
action or omission is when reasonably practicable notified in advance and in writing to the 
Obligor Security Trustee) is taken by any member of the Holdco Group in relation to the AA 
Ireland Pension Scheme which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(iii) 
except for the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, no member of the 
Holdco Group is or becomes at any time an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of 
the Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme 
(both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993, though the amendments to the definition 
of “money purchase scheme” that are made by section 29 of the Pensions Act 2011 will be treated 
as having taken effect) without the prior written consent of the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(iv) 
it delivers to the Obligor Security Trustee at such times as those reports are prepared in order to 
comply with the then current statutory or auditing requirements (as applicable either to the

--- Page 156 ---
135 
trustees of any relevant schemes or to the Holdco Group Agent), actuarial reports in relation to 
all pension schemes mentioned in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above; 
(v) 
it promptly notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any material change in the rate of 
contributions to any pension schemes mentioned in (i) and (ii) above paid or required (by law or 
otherwise); 
(vi) 
each Obligor immediately notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any investigation or 
investigation threatened in writing by the Pensions Regulator which may lead to the issue of a 
Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice (including in respect of the Saga Pension 
Scheme) to any member of the Holdco Group or if it or any member of the Holdco Group receives 
a warning notice or Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice from the Pensions 
Regulator or if it or any other member of the Holdco Group enters into any settlement (however 
described) with the Pensions Regulator; and 
(vii) 
from the ABF Implementation Date and notwithstanding paragraph (u) (“—Covenants—General 
Covenants—Disposals”), Holdco shall procure that the Partnership will not dispose of any 
Financial Indebtedness owed by IPCo to the Partnership and no member of the Holdco Group 
will dispose of any right or interest in respect of the Partnership to any person that is not a wholly-
owned member of the Holdco Group; 
Access 
(dd) 
if a CTA Default is continuing or the Obligor Security Trustee reasonably suspects a CTA Default is 
continuing, to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) permit the 
Obligor Security Trustee and/or accountants or other professional advisers and contractors of the Obligor 
Security Trustee free access at all reasonable times and on reasonable notice at the risk and cost of such 
member of the Holdco Group to (a) the premises, assets, books, accounts and records of each member 
of the Holdco Group and (b) meet and discuss matters with senior management of the Holdco Group; 
Intellectual Property 
(ee) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will): 
(i) 
preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property necessary for the 
business of the relevant member of the Holdco Group; 
(ii) 
use reasonable endeavours to prevent any infringement of the Intellectual Property owned by any 
member of the Holdco Group; 
(iii) 
make registrations and pay all registration fees and taxes necessary to maintain the Intellectual 
Property in full force and effect and record its interest in that Intellectual Property; 
(iv) 
not use or permit the Intellectual Property owned by any member of the Holdco Group to be used 
in a way or take any step or omit to take any step in respect of that Intellectual Property which 
may materially and adversely affect the existence or value of that Intellectual Property or imperil 
the right of any member of the Holdco Group to use such Intellectual Property; 
(v) 
not discontinue the use of any registered trade marks owned by each Obligor or any other member 
of the Holdco Group; 
(vi) 
ensure that all Intellectual Property material in the context of the business of the Holdco Group 
as a whole is legally owned by an Obligor or, with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, is 
legally owned by IPCo and is licensed by IPCo to an Obligor;

--- Page 157 ---
136 
in the case of paragraphs (i) through (vi), where failure to do so or such use, permission to use, omission 
or discontinuation, would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
(vii) 
ensure that all Intellectual Property legally owned by an Obligor is subject to Obligor Security; 
(viii) ensure that all Intellectual Property legally owned by IPCo is subject to Security Interests 
pursuant to the ABF Security Agreement; and 
(ix) 
ensure that to the extent Intellectual Property is licensed to an Obligor, the benefit of such licence 
is subject to Obligor Security. 
(ff) 
save as contemplated in the Umbrella Services Agreement in respect of licensing or use of Intellectual 
Property to or by the Saga Group, not to (and procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) 
licence or permit the use of Intellectual Property used in the Permitted Business outside the Holdco 
Group. The brand “AA” may be licensed outside the Holdco Group for use in businesses which do not 
compete with any of the Permitted Businesses provided that it is licensed on an arm’s length basis at 
market cost; 
Amendments to Senior Finance Documents and Umbrella Services Agreement 
(gg) 
not to amend, vary, novate, supplement, supersede, waive or terminate any term of a Senior Finance 
Document or the Umbrella Services Agreement, except in accordance with the provisions of the STID 
and its own terms; 
Amendments to Constitutional Documents 
(hh) 
not to amend any provision of its constitutional documents relating to transferability of its shares without 
the prior written consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, or amend any other provision of its 
constitutional documents unless such amendment would not or is not reasonably likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
Treasury Transactions 
(ii) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any Treasury 
Transaction, other than: 
(i) 
the Hedging Transactions documented by the Hedging Agreements in accordance with the 
Hedging Policy; 
(ii) 
the Treasury Transactions documented by the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements in accordance 
with the Hedging Policy; and 
(iii) 
Treasury Transactions entered into for the purpose of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course 
of trading (including offsetting, operational and foreign exchange hedging transactions which at 
the discretion of the Obligors may or may not be cash collateralised) provided that they are (i) 
not for speculative purposes and (ii) do not contain any indexation accretion; 
(jj) 
[Reserved] 
Centre of Main Interest 
(kk) 
not to do anything to change the location of its centre of main interests, for the purposes of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on insolvency proceedings; 
Further Assurance 
(ll) 
promptly to do all such acts or execute all such documents (including assignments, transfers, mortgages, 
charges, notices and instructions) as the Obligor Security Trustee may reasonably specify (and in such

--- Page 158 ---
137 
form as the Obligor Security Trustee may reasonably require in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee 
or any of its nominees): 
(i) 
to perfect the Security Interest created or intended to be created under or evidenced by the 
Transaction Documents (which may include the execution of a mortgage, charge, assignment or 
other Security Interest over all or any of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of 
any Obligor Security Document) or for the exercise of any rights, powers and remedies of the 
Obligor Security Trustee or the Obligor Secured Creditors provided by or pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents or by law; 
(ii) 
to confer on the Obligor Security Trustee or confer on the Obligor Secured Creditors, Security 
Interests over any property and assets of that Obligor (as applicable) located in any jurisdiction 
equivalent or similar to the Security Interest intended to be conferred by or pursuant to any 
Obligor Security Document; and/or 
(iii) 
to facilitate the realisation of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of any Obligor 
Security Document; 
(mm) to take all such action as is available to it (including making all filings and registrations) as may be 
necessary for the purpose of the creation, perfection, protection or maintenance of any Security Interest 
conferred or intended to be conferred on the Obligor Security Trustee or the Obligor Secured Creditors 
by or pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 
Credit Rating 
(nn) 
to use reasonable endeavours to maintain, for as long as there are Class A Notes outstanding, a credit 
rating from the Rating Agency for the Class A Notes issued by the Issuer and to co-operate with the 
Rating Agency in connection with any reasonable request for information in respect of the maintenance 
of a rating and with any review of its business which may be undertaken by the Rating Agency after the 
Closing Date; 
Accounting Reference Date 
(oo) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) change its Accounting 
Reference Date unless each of the following conditions have been met: 
(i) 
the Holdco Group Agent delivers to the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(A) 
written notice of the proposed change to the Accounting Reference Date; 
(B) 
a certificate describing such change and the effect on and consequences for: 
(I) 
the calculation of the Class A FCF DSCR (including the definitions used therein 
and as applied in the Senior Finance Documents); 
(II) 
the calculation of the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA and the ratio of Total Class 
A Net Debt to EBITDA (including the definitions used therein and as applied in 
the Senior Finance Documents); 
(III) 
the delivery of Compliance Certificates; 
(IV) 
the making of Permitted Payments; 
(V) 
the making of a mandatory prepayment from Excess Cashflow and cash trapping 
in any Cash Accumulation Period; and 
(VI) 
the effect on the provisions of the Senior Finance Documents;

--- Page 159 ---
138 
(the “Relevant Matters”); and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee has received, at the cost and expense of the Obligors, such 
certificates of the Obligors (signed by two directors of the relevant Obligors) and such accounting 
and/or legal advice as it reasonably deems necessary to determine, amongst other things, the 
Relevant Matters; 
(iii) 
the Obligors make such changes (if any) as required by the Obligor Security Trustee (acting 
reasonably) to the Senior Finance Documents to reflect the consequential changes required as a 
result of the change of the Accounting Reference Date (and the Obligor Security Trustee is hereby 
authorised and directed by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured Creditors to 
make such changes to the Senior Finance Documents) and to execute any documents required to 
be entered into in order to make such change; 
(iv) 
if, as a result of any change in the Accounting Reference Date, a Compliance Certificate need not 
be delivered (pursuant to the provisions of the CTA) within the period which it would have been 
delivered had such change in the Accounting Reference Date not occurred (the “Original 
Period”) then the Obligors shall: 
(A) 
procure that such Financial Statements are prepared so as to allow a Compliance 
Certificate to be delivered as if the change to Accounting Reference Date had not occurred, 
and such Compliance Certificate shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of 
the Information Covenants (“—Covenants—Information Covenants”); or 
(B) 
deliver a Compliance Certificate (based on the Financial Statements prepared in respect 
of the changed Accounting Reference Date) within the Original Period in accordance with 
the provisions of the Information Covenants (“—Covenants—Information Covenants”); 
(v) 
the Accounting Reference Date has not been changed in the previous five years, unless: 
(A) 
a change in control of an Obligor has occurred and the Accounting Reference Date is 
changed within 12 months of the effective date of such change of control; 
(B) 
a change in applicable accounting practice has occurred, as a result of which it is necessary 
or desirable to change the Accounting Reference Date and such change is made within 12 
months of the effective date of the change in applicable accounting practice; or 
(C) 
a change in applicable tax law (or in the application or official interpretation of applicable 
tax law) has occurred, as a result of which it is necessary or desirable to change the 
Accounting Reference Date and such change is made within 12 months of the effective 
date of the change in applicable tax law (or in the application or official interpretation of 
applicable tax law); 
(vi) 
each Obligor has the same Accounting Reference Date; 
Auditors 
(pp) 
to retain reputable auditors at all times; 
Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities 
(qq) 
not to (and procure that no other member of Holdco Group will) (i) enter into any Debt Purchase 
Transaction other than in accordance with the other provisions of this paragraph and paragraphs (rr) to 
(yy) (“—Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities”) below; or (ii) 
beneficially own all or any part of the share capital of a company that is an Authorised Credit Provider

--- Page 160 ---
139 
or a party to a Debt Purchase Transaction of the type referred to in paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition 
of “Debt Purchase Transaction”; 
(rr) 
that a member of the Holdco Group may enter into a Debt Purchase Transaction pursuant to and in 
accordance with the method of transfer set out in the relevant Finance Documents and/or Issuer 
Transaction Documents (or, subject to the other provisions of the Common Terms Agreement, purchase 
an interest in a person referred to in paragraph (qq)(ii)) above) provided that: 
(i) 
where such transaction relates to any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or any Class A Notes no 
CTA Default is continuing and, if a Trigger Event is continuing, such transaction is entered into 
in accordance with paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary 
Prepayment”) below; 
(ii) 
where such transaction relates to any Class B Authorised Credit Facility or any Class B Notes 
such transaction is entered into in accordance with paragraph (jjj) (“—Covenants—General 
Covenants—Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility”); 
(iii) 
in respect of any such transaction that is a Defeased Cash Note Purchase to be effected as 
contemplated by paragraph 2(a)(ii) of Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
(A) such purchase must be made following a public tender offer (on a pro rata basis) to all Class 
A Noteholders of the Class A Notes referable to the Class A IBLA Advances defeased in 
accordance with paragraph 2(a)(ii) of Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments; (B) the purchase price paid by the Borrower for any such Class A Notes must not 
exceed the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class A Notes (excluding accrued but unpaid 
interest); (C) the relevant amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account to be applied 
towards such purchase may not be withdrawn from the Defeasance Account to be applied towards 
such purchase until such time as is reasonably required to settle the purchase price of such Class 
A Notes; and (D) upon any such purchase the Borrower must immediately surrender the relevant 
Class A Notes to the Issuer for cancellation (with a corresponding amount under any Class A 
IBLA Advance referable to the cancelled Sub-Class of Class A Notes being treated as repaid); 
(ss) 
that in relation to any Debt Purchase Transaction relating to any Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
entered into pursuant to the terms of the CTA: 
(i) 
on completion of the relevant transfer, the portions of the acquired commitments to which it 
relates shall be extinguished and such Debt Purchase Transaction and the related extinguishment 
shall not constitute a prepayment of the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(ii) 
the relevant member of the Holdco Group which is the assignee or transferee shall be deemed to 
be an entity which fulfils the requirements for an Authorised Credit Provider’s assignee or 
transferee under the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
no member of the Holdco Group shall be deemed to be in breach of any provision of the covenants 
under the CTA (see “—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants”) solely by reason of such Debt 
Purchase Transaction; 
(iv) 
any provisions relating to sharing among the Authorised Credit Providers under the relevant Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility shall not be applicable to the consideration paid under such Debt 
Purchase Transaction; and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, any extinguishment of any part of the acquired commitments shall 
not affect any amendment or waiver which prior to such extinguishment had been approved by

--- Page 161 ---
140 
or on behalf of the requisite Authorised Credit Providers under the relevant Authorised Credit 
Facility; 
(tt) 
that upon the purchase of any Class A Notes or Class B Notes by a member of the Holdco Group, such 
member of the Holdco Group must surrender the Class A Notes or Class B Notes to the Issuer in which 
case such Class A Notes or Class B Notes shall be cancelled (and a corresponding amount of the IBLA 
Advances made under the relevant tranche of the IBLA attributable to the relevant sub-class of Class A 
Notes or Class B Notes respectively will be treated as prepaid at par); 
(uu) 
that any commitments under any Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which a member of the Holdco 
Group acquires an interest pursuant to a Debt Purchase Transaction or held by a person referred to in 
paragraph (qq)(ii) (“—Covenants—General Covenants—Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes 
and Authorised Credit Facilities”) above, that becomes a member of the Holdco Group must be cancelled 
or extinguished. For the purposes of calculating Class A FCF DSCR, the ratio of Total Net Debt to 
EBITDA and the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt to EBITDA, any Class A Notes or Class B Notes or 
commitments under any Authorised Credit Facility held by members of the Holdco Group that are 
cancelled will be taken into account at their face value; 
(vv) 
that for so long as a Permitted Debt Purchase Party (i) beneficially owns a Class A Note or Class B Note 
or commitment or (ii) has entered into a sub participation agreement relating to a commitment or other 
agreement or arrangement having a substantially similar economic effect and such agreement or 
arrangement has not been terminated: 
(i) 
in ascertaining any requisite majority in relation to any request for a consent, waiver, amendment 
or other vote under any relevant Transaction Document or whether any given percentage of votes 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) has been obtained to approve any request for 
a consent, waiver, amendment or other vote under any relevant Transaction Document such Class 
A Notes or Class B Notes or commitment (as applicable) shall be deemed to be zero; and 
(ii) 
such Permitted Debt Purchase Party or the person with whom it has entered into such sub- 
participation, other agreement or arrangement shall be deemed not to be a Class A Noteholder or 
a Class B Noteholder (as applicable), or an Authorised Credit Provider (unless in the case of a 
person not being a Permitted Debt Purchase Party it is a Class A Noteholder or a Class B 
Noteholder, or an Authorised Credit Provider by virtue otherwise than by beneficially owning the 
relevant Class A Notes or Class B Notes or commitment); 
(ww) that unless such Debt Purchase Transaction is an assignment or transfer under an Authorised Credit 
Facility ranking pari passu with any Authorised Credit Facility, each Obligor shall promptly notify the 
Obligor Security Trustee in writing if it or any other member of the Holdco Group knowingly enters 
(and, to the extent it is aware, that a Permitted Debt Purchase Party other than a member of the Holdco 
Group enters) into a Debt Purchase Transaction as a Permitted Debt Purchase Party (a “Notifiable Debt 
Purchase Transaction”); 
(xx) 
that each Obligor shall promptly notify the Obligor Security Trustee if a Notifiable Debt Purchase 
Transaction to which it or any other member of the Holdco Group (and, to the extent it is aware, any 
Permitted Debt Purchase Party other than a member of the Holdco Group) is a party (i) is terminated; or 
(ii) ceases to be with a Permitted Debt Purchase Party; 
(yy) 
that each Obligor and each Permitted Debt Purchase Party that is a Party in any capacity to the Common 
Terms Agreement agrees (and Holdco shall procure that any other member of the Holdco Group that it 
is a Class A Noteholder or a Class B Noteholder, or an Authorised Credit Provider will agree) that:

--- Page 162 ---
141 
(i) 
in relation to any meeting or conference call to which all of the Obligor Secured Creditors or the 
Issuer Secured Creditors are invited to attend or participate, it or such other Permitted Debt 
Purchase Party shall not attend or participate in the same unless so requested by the Obligor 
Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee respectively or, unless the Obligor Security Trustee 
or the Issuer Security Trustee otherwise agrees, be entitled to receive the agenda or any minutes 
of the same; and 
(ii) 
in its capacity as an Obligor Secured Creditor or an Issuer Secured Creditor, unless the Obligor 
Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee otherwise agrees, it or such other Permitted Debt 
Purchase Party shall not be entitled to receive any report or other document prepared at the behest 
of, or on the instructions of, the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee or one or 
more of the Senior Finance Parties or other Obligor Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured 
Creditors; 
Cash Management 
(zz) 
that the Cash Manager shall provide the cash management services set out under “—Cash Management” 
below; 
Liquidity Arrangements 
(aaa) to use their reasonable endeavours to ensure that, for so long as any Class A Notes, the Senior Term 
Facility or any Class A Authorised Credit Facility refinancing the Senior Term Facility remain 
outstanding, the Borrower and Issuer have available to them either a Liquidity Facility Agreement with 
one or more Liquidity Facility Providers with at least the Requisite Rating (or with respect to any new 
Liquidity Facility Provider under any new Liquidity Facility Agreement entered into after the Closing 
Date, with a rating for its long term unsecured non-credit enhanced debt obligations of BBB or higher 
by the Rating Agency at the time at which such new Liquidity Facility Agreement is entered into or when 
a new Liquidity Facility Provider becomes a party to any such new Liquidity Facility Agreement) 
substantially on the same terms as the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement entered into on the Closing 
Date (with the exception of the tenor, margin, commitment, commissions, fees or any other term the 
absence of which or modification to is consistent with prevailing market practice for such facilities from 
time to time) and/or a funded liquidity reserve in the Debt Service Reserve Account in an aggregate 
amount which is not less than the Liquidity Required Amount determined on each Reporting Date to be 
utilised by the Borrower and/or Issuer in order to make payments in respect of the Class A Notes, the 
Senior Term Facility or any Class A Authorised Credit Facility refinancing the Senior Term Facility 
(taking into account the impact of any related Borrower Hedging Agreements or Issuer Hedging 
Agreements). If the Holdco Group Agent certifies to the Obligor Security Trustee that it has: (i) informed 
the Rating Agency that the Liquidity Facility has been withdrawn or reduced; and (ii) received a Rating 
Agency confirmation that such withdrawal of or reduction in the availability of a Liquidity Facility will 
not lead to a downgrade, withdrawal or the public placement on review for possible downgrade of, the 
then current ratings of the Class A Notes then the Obligors will not be required to use such reasonable 
endeavours to enable the Borrower and the Issuer to maintain a Liquidity Facility on the terms of the 
Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement (or to have available to them a funded liquidity reserve in the Debt 
Service Reserve Account), but will instead be obliged to use their reasonable endeavours to maintain 
such other liquidity facility or reserve in respect of which such Rating Agency confirmation is then 
given; 
Obligors 
(bbb) to ensure that at all times after the Closing Date and tested on each Test Date by reference to the most 
recent Annual Financial Statements delivered for each Test Period ending on an Accounting Reference

--- Page 163 ---
142 
Date, the aggregate of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the 
same basis as EBITDA) of the Obligors (calculated on an unconsolidated basis and excluding all intra-
group items and investments in Subsidiaries of any member of the Holdco Group) for the Test Period 
ending on that Test Date represents not is less than 90% of the EBITDA of the Holdco Group for that 
Test Period (the “Obligor Coverage Test”). If, at any time, a Compliance Certificate demonstrates that 
the Obligor Coverage Test is not met, Holdco shall procure that such members of the Holdco Group 
become Obligors as may be required so that the Obligor Coverage Test is then met within 45 days of the 
date of the relevant Compliance Certificate; 
(ccc) Holdco shall procure that any other member of the Holdco Group which is a Material Company shall, 
as soon as possible after becoming a Material Company and in any event within 45 days of becoming a 
Material Company, become an Obligor and grant a Security Interest on equivalent terms to the Security 
Interest granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and shall accede to the 
STID; 
(ddd) Holdco shall procure that within 30 days from completion of any Permitted Acquisition under paragraph 
(d) of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition” or any Permitted Disposal under paragraph (m) of the 
definition of “Permitted Disposal” shall deliver a certificate confirming: 
(i) 
that the Obligor Coverage Test (calculated on a pro forma basis taking into account the relevant 
acquisition or disposal) continues to be met or, if the Obligor Coverage Test is no longer met, 
procure that such members of the Holdco Group become Obligors as may be required so that the 
Obligor Coverage Test is then met within 45 days of the date of such certificate; and 
(ii) 
whether the acquired entity or the member of the Holdco Group which has acquired the business 
or undertaking has become as a result of the Permitted Acquisition a Material Company in which 
case Holdco shall procure that such acquired entity or member of the Holdco Group shall, as soon 
as possible after completion of such Permitted Acquisition and in any event within 45 days of the 
date of such certificate, become a Obligor and grant a Security Interest on equivalent terms to the 
Security Interest granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and shall 
accede to the STID; 
Mandatory Prepayments 
(eee) that, unless the CTA or the STID otherwise require, where more than one Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (other than a Liquidity Facility) requires an amount to be applied in mandatory prepayment then 
such amount shall be applied pro rata in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities under 
such Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (including any related swap termination amounts under any 
Hedging Agreement, break costs and redemption premia payable to the Obligors); 
Cancellation of Working Capital Facilities 
(fff) 
the Borrower shall ensure that any notice of cancellation of any available commitments (other than as a 
result of illegality, change of control or other provisions requiring mandatory prepayments) under any 
Working Capital Facility Agreement delivered at any time while amounts under any other Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (other than a Liquidity Facility) remain outstanding and/or other 
commitments remain uncancelled must be accompanied by a certificate from the Borrower that it will 
have sufficient working capital facilities available to it following such cancellation; 
Floating Charge 
(ggg) each Obligor party to an English law governed Obligor Security Document shall ensure that the floating 
charge it has created or purported to create pursuant to that Obligor Security Document is at all times a

--- Page 164 ---
143 
floating charge which together with the fixed security granted by such Obligor pursuant to that Obligor 
Security Document relates to the whole or substantially the whole of such Obligor’s property; 
Conditions Subsequent 
(hhh) each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) promptly 
and in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations and all requirements of relevant regulatory 
authorities do all such acts or execute all such documents necessary to complete all steps of the corporate 
reorganisation of the Holdco Group as set out in the PwC Structure Memorandum. From the Closing 
Date, TAAL and AADL shall use their best endeavours to implement the transfer of the business of 
TAAL to AADL as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with the Business Transfer Deed; 
Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
(iii) 
Holdco shall not (and shall ensure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) Pay any amounts 
under or in connection with any Class B Authorised Credit Facility other than: 
(i) 
a Payment of interest as permitted and in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments and the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID; or 
(ii) 
where such Payment is funded from Additional Financial Indebtedness, a New Shareholder 
Injection or Investor Funding Loan or, to the extent permitted to be paid as a Permitted Investor 
Payment at that time, Retained Excess Cashflow; 
(jjj) 
Holdco shall ensure that any amounts of principal or interest payable under any Class A Notes, Class A 
IBLA or Class B Authorised Credit Facility are only payable on 31 January and 31 July in each Financial 
Year (or if that day is not a Business Day, the preceding Business Day) excluding any principal or interest 
payable on (i) the Final Maturity Date of the Class A Notes issued on the Closing Date and (ii) the Loan 
Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Final Maturity Date under the Initial Class A IBLA, which 
shall be payable on 2 July 2043 (and the Common Documents shall be constructed and operate to permit 
such payments on such date); 
(kkk) the Borrower shall ensure that no part of a Bank Debt Sweep Period occurs during any part of a Cash 
Accumulation Period; 
(lll) 
the Borrower shall ensure that the aggregate Required Sweep Percentages applicable to any Bank Debt 
Sweep Period shall not exceed 100% at any time; 
(mmm) 
prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, if a drawing 
is made or any other amount is outstanding under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than a Standby 
Drawing), the Borrower will not be permitted to make any subsequent payment of or in respect of any 
Authorised Credit Facility or any Restricted Payment unless and until all amounts owing under the 
relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement have been paid in full. This paragraph shall not operate to suspend 
or defer any payment in respect of any Authorised Credit Facility which falls due to be paid but which 
cannot be paid by virtue of the previous sentence prior to the discharge of all amounts outstanding under 
the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
Umbrella Services Agreement 
(nnn) each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that: 
(i) 
it and each of its Subsidiaries receive all the services necessary for them to carry on their business, 
including the Permitted Business; and 
(ii) 
any service transition from an existing service provider to a new service provider, or to it or its 
Subsidiaries, occurs as soon as practicable (and, in respect of any services provided under the

--- Page 165 ---
144 
Umbrella Services Agreement, within no longer than thirty days), in an orderly manner and in a 
manner that does not materially affect their business, including the Permitted Business. 
ABF 
(ooo) Notwithstanding paragraph (u) (“—General Covenants—Disposals”) above, Holdco shall ensure that at 
all times on and after the ABF Implementation Date: 
(i) 
IPCo is a wholly-owned member of the Holdco Group and a direct Subsidiary of an Obligor; and 
(ii) 
each partner in the Partnership is a wholly-owned member of the Holdco Group. 
(ppp) Holdco shall procure that if IPCo or any other member of the Holdco Group enters into the ABF or any 
ABF Transaction Document: 
(i) 
such ABF Transaction Document may not deviate from the terms set out in schedule 3 of the AA 
UK Pension Agreement in any material respect; 
(ii) 
any such ABF Transaction Document may not be amended, in each case in a way which is 
materially prejudicial to the interest of any Senior Finance Party, unless the Obligor Security 
Trustee has agreed to such deviation or any amendment in accordance with the terms of the STID 
provided that such agreement shall not be withheld where there has been a change in law (as set 
out in the AA UK Pension Agreement) and such deviation or any amendment is required to the 
ABF Transaction Document to enable the AA UK Pension Trustee to withdraw from the 
Partnership; and 
(iii) 
on or immediately prior to the ABF Implementation Date, Holdco shall certify to the Obligor 
Security Trustee that ABF Transaction Documents entered or to be entered into in respect of 
implementation of the ABF (including any licence of Intellectual Property granted by IPCo to 
any Obligor or other member of the Holdco Group) comply with paragraphs (ooo) to (ppp) (“—
General Covenants—ABF”); 
(qqq) each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that 
the transactions contemplated by, and the execution, delivery and performance of, the applicable Senior 
Finance Documents and the other Transaction Documents shall not result in breach or termination of 
any co-existence agreement that relates to the Intellectual Property, provided that any breach or right of 
termination arising on the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default referred to in paragraph (f) (“—CTA 
Events of Default—Insolvency”) or the taking of any Enforcement Action shall not be a breach of this 
paragraph. 
(rrr) 
each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that 
any licence of any Intellectual Property granted by the IPCo to any Obligor or other member of the 
Holdco Group shall not deviate from the following terms unless the Obligor Security Trustee has been 
instructed to agree to such deviation (acting on the instructions of the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors pursuant to an Extraordinary STID Resolution): 
(i) 
any quality control or other provisions shall in no way restrict the ability of any Obligor or other 
member of the Holdco Group to use the licensed Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of 
its business and, in any event, shall be no more onerous that those used by any Obligor or other 
member of the Holdco Group (including any internal brand guidelines) during the 12 months 
prior to the commencement date of the licence agreement; 
(ii) 
subject to (iii) below, the licence shall not be terminable, including in the event of:

--- Page 166 ---
145 
(A) 
the insolvency of any Obligor, IPCo or any other member of the Holdco Group or the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, Administrative Receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager or other similar officer in respect of any Obligor, IPCo or any other member of 
the Holdco Group or any of its assets; or 
(B) 
any change of control of IPCo, any Obligor or any other member of the Holdco Group, 
except in the case of material breach by the licensee that is not remediable, or has not been remedied 
after the licensor has notified the licensee, specifying details of the material breach and the steps required 
by the licensee to remedy such breach and has afforded the licensee a reasonable opportunity to remedy 
the breach; 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
in the event the first ranking security granted by IPCo is enforced by the Partnership in 
respect of a payment default referred to in the AA UK Pension Agreement, or in certain 
other circumstances, the licence may terminate in respect of such part of the Intellectual 
Property as is subject to such enforcement action; and 
(B) 
if whilst the licence is under common control with IPCo there is any dispute between the 
licensor and licensee as to whether the licensee has committed a material breach, the 
licence shall not be terminated unless a court of competent jurisdiction has finally 
determined the existence of a material breach without the possibility of appeal; 
(iv) 
the licence shall not restrict disclosure by any Obligor of the terms of the license to the Obligor 
Security Trustee if such disclosure is requested by the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(v) 
the licence shall be binding on successors in title to the Intellectual Property; and 
(vi) 
the licence shall require the parties to promptly execute all such documents and do all acts that 
are required to record the licence in: 
(A) 
the applicable Intellectual Property registers in the UK Intellectual Property Office, the 
Irish Patents Office and the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market; 
(B) 
any other applicable Intellectual Property registers, if failure to record the licence on those 
registers would result in the owner of the Intellectual Property being unable to rely on the 
licensee’s use of the Intellectual Property to support the owner’s use of the Intellectual 
Property. 
Trigger Events 
The CTA also sets out certain Trigger Events. The specific Trigger Events and the consequences which flow 
from the occurrence of those events are set out below. 
Trigger Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events will be a “Trigger Event”. 
Liquidity Required Amount 
(a) 
The sum of the amount of commitments under any Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time and/or the 
amount credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account is in aggregate less than the Liquidity Required 
Amount.

--- Page 167 ---
146 
Financial Ratio 
(b) 
On any Test Date, the Class A FCF DSCR for the Test Period ending on that Test Date falls below the 
Trigger Event Ratio Level. In calculating Class A FCF DSCR for these purposes (but not for the purposes 
of determining whether a CTA Event of Default has occurred) Class A FCF DSCR shall be calculated 
assuming that any Relevant Class A Debt Transaction that took place during a Relevant Period took 
place at the beginning of that Relevant Period. For these purposes, “Relevant Class A Debt 
Transaction” means (i) any permanent voluntary prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility that is not a Class A IBLA or a Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any purchase and 
cancellation or permanent prepayment of any Class A Notes (pursuant to or involving an actual or 
deemed prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class A IBLA as applicable); and “Relevant 
Period” means the period beginning on the first day of the relevant Test Period and ending on the date 
of delivery of the Compliance Certificate in respect of that Test Period. 
Drawdown of Liquidity Facility 
(c) 
The Borrower or the Issuer draws down under a Liquidity Facility (excluding any drawing or repayment 
of any Standby Drawing) or withdraws sums credited to a Debt Service Reserve Account or a Liquidity 
Facility Standby Account, other than for the purpose of repaying any Standby Drawing, respectively, if 
the withdrawal of such amount is for the purposes of making scheduled debt service payments on the 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities or the Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities. 
CTA Event of Default 
(d) 
Subject to the expiry of any applicable grace or remedy period, a CTA Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing. 
Failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate 
(e) 
There is a failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate for a relevant period within the periods prescribed 
in the CTA. 
Trigger Event Consequences 
Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event and at any time until such Trigger Event has been waived by the 
Obligor Security Trustee or remedied in accordance with the Trigger Event Remedies (see “—Trigger Event 
Remedies” below) the following provisions (“Trigger Event Consequences”) will apply. 
No Restricted Payments 
(a) 
No member of the Holdco Group may make a Restricted Payment except as provided under (b) below 
and paragraph (y)(i) under “—Covenants—General Covenants—Restricted Payments)”. 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
(b) 
No payments may be made in respect of any Class B Authorised Credit Facility other than where the 
relevant Trigger Event is a failure to repay principal on the Final Maturity Date under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, in which case payments may be made under any Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility entered into on or prior to the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final 
Maturity Date under that Class B Authorised Credit Facility and any Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
entered into after the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final Maturity Date under 
that Class B Authorised Credit Facility provided that the Rating Agency has confirmed a rating of at 
least BBB in respect of the Financial Indebtedness attributable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
and the Class A Notes prior to that Class B Authorised Credit Facility being entered into, and provided 
that in each case the Class A FCF DSCR is not below the Trigger Event Ratio Level when the relevant 
payment is made.

--- Page 168 ---
147 
Voluntary Prepayment 
(c) 
If while a Trigger Event is continuing the Borrower (or in respect of paragraph (iii) below, any member 
of the Holdco Group) wishes to: 
(i) 
make any permanent voluntary prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility that is not a Class A IBLA or a Liquidity Facility; 
(ii) 
make any purchase of Class A Notes or prepayment or defeasance of any Class A IBLA Advance 
(pursuant to or involving an actual or deemed prepayment of amounts outstanding under any 
Class A IBLA Advance); or 
(iii) 
undertake any Debt Purchase Transaction, 
it shall apply the relevant amount to be used to fund such transactions pro rata in or towards (i) repaying 
or prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) which bears interest at a floating 
rate, less an amount which is required to pay any related swap termination amounts, break costs and any 
redemption premia (which amount shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination amounts, break 
costs and redemption premia); and (ii) on a pro rata basis repaying, prepaying and/or defeasing (by way 
of credit to the Defeasance Account) the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) which bears interest at a 
fixed rate and/or purchasing (at a price not exceeding the Principal Amount Outstanding (excluding 
accrued but unpaid interest) pursuant to a public tender offer on a pro rata basis) Class A Notes, less an 
amount which is required to pay any interest rate swap termination amounts and any redemption premia 
(which amounts shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination amounts and redemption permits). 
Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant 
to this paragraph shall be credited to such Obligor Operating Account as the Cash Manager may elect 
for application by the Holdco Group in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
Priority of Payments 
(d) 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting on a Loan Interest Payment Date then amounts standing to the credit of 
the Excess Cashflow Account on that date will be applied in accordance with the provisions described 
under “—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Part B—Excess Cash 
Flow)”. 
Further Information 
(e) 
The Holdco Group must provide such information as to the relevant Trigger Event (including its causes 
and effects) as may be requested by the Obligor Security Trustee acting on the instructions of 20% or 
more by value of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors. 
Trigger Event Remedies 
At any time when an Obligor believes that a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of any of the following, 
it must serve notice on the Obligor Security Trustee to that effect. The Obligor Security Trustee must respond 
within 10 days (or such longer period as it may reasonably agree with the relevant Obligor (as the case may 
be)) confirming that the relevant Trigger Event has, in its reasonable opinion, been remedied or setting out its 
reasons for believing that such Trigger Event has not been remedied (in which case, such event will continue to 
be a Trigger Event until such time as the Obligor Security Trustee is reasonably satisfied that the Trigger Event 
has been remedied). 
The following shall constitute remedies to the Trigger Events (each, a “Trigger Event Remedy”):

--- Page 169 ---
148 
Liquidity Required Amount 
(f) 
The occurrence of the Liquidity Required Amount Trigger Event will be remedied if an Obligor provides 
the Obligor Security Trustee with documentation evidencing the availability of Liquidity Facilities 
and/or cash credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account up to the Liquidity Required Amount. 
Financial ratio 
(g) 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event pursuant to paragraph (b) (“—Trigger Events—Financial Ratio”), 
above, will be remedied if as at a subsequent Test Date the Class A FCF DSCR is not lower than the 
Trigger Event Ratio Level as stated in the relevant Compliance Certificate (subject to any final 
determination or dispute procedure in accordance with the terms of the CTA). 
Drawdown on Liquidity Facility 
(h) 
The occurrence of a drawdown on Liquidity Facility Trigger Event will be remedied if the aggregate 
balance drawn down (other than by way of Standby Drawings) under the Liquidity Facility is restored 
to zero and an amount equal to any sums withdrawn from the Debt Service Reserve Account is deposited 
into the Debt Service Reserve Account. 
CTA Event of Default or failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate 
(i) 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event which is: (i) a CTA Event of Default or (ii) a failure to deliver a 
Compliance Certificate will be remedied if the CTA Event of Default or failure to deliver a Compliance 
Certificate is waived in accordance with the STID or is remedied to the satisfaction of the Obligor 
Security Trustee. 
CTA Events of Default 
CTA Events of Default 
The CTA contains the following of events of default which constitute the “CTA Events of Default” under each 
Senior Finance Document other than any Liquidity Facility Agreement, any Borrower Hedging Agreement and 
any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, each one being a “CTA Event of Default”: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
An Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Senior Finance Document in 
the manner required under such Senior Finance Document unless its failure to pay is caused by (i) 
administrative or technical error or (ii) a Disruption Event, and payment is made within five Business 
Days of the due date. 
(b) 
Breach of financial covenant and delivery of Financial Statements 
Subject to the Equity Cure, the Class A FCF DSCR falls below the Class A Default Ratio Level or any 
Financial Statements (and related Compliance Certificates) are not delivered in accordance with the 
CTA. 
(c) 
Breach of other obligations 
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Senior Finance Documents (other than those 
referred to in paragraphs (a) (“—CTA Events of Default—Non-Payment”) and (b) (“—CTA Events of 
Default—Breach of Financial Covenant and Delivery of Financial Statements”) above and the Tax Deed 
of Covenant) unless (i) the failure to comply is capable of remedy; and (ii) is remedied within twenty-
one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor Security Trustee giving notice of the failure

--- Page 170 ---
149 
to comply to the Holdco Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (B) the Holdco Group Agent or an Obligor 
becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
(d) 
Misrepresentation 
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by an Obligor in the Senior Finance 
Documents (other than the Tax Deed of Covenant) or any other document delivered by or on behalf of 
any Obligor under or in connection with any Senior Finance Document is or proves to have been 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made unless (i) the 
circumstances giving rise to the breach are capable of remedy; and (ii) the breach is remedied within 
twenty-one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor Security Trustee giving notice of the 
misrepresentation or the breach of warranty to the Holdco Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (ii) the 
Holdco Group Agent or an Obligor becoming aware of the misrepresentation or breach of warranty. 
(e) 
Cross Default 
(i) 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company is not paid when due 
nor within any originally applicable grace period. 
(ii) 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
(however described). 
(iii) 
Any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company 
is cancelled or suspended by a creditor of such Obligor, IPCo or Material Company as a result of 
an event of default (however described). 
(iv) 
Any creditor of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company becomes entitled to declare any 
Financial Indebtedness of such Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company due and payable prior to 
its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
(v) 
No CTA Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (e) (“—CTA Events of Default—Cross 
Default”) (i) in respect of any Financial Indebtedness under any Class B IBLA or any other Class 
B Authorised Credit Facility, or (ii) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or 
commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraph (i) above at any time is less than 
£10,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and falling within 
paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above at any time is less than £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies). 
(f) 
Insolvency 
(i) 
An Obligor, IPCo or a Material Company: 
(A) 
is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(B) 
is deemed to, or is declared to, be unable to pay its debts under applicable law; 
(C) 
suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts; or 
(D) 
by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one 
or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness. 
(ii) 
A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of an Obligor, IPCo or a Material 
Company. If a moratorium occurs, the ending of the moratorium will not remedy any CTA Event 
of Default caused by that moratorium.

--- Page 171 ---
150 
(g) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) or bankruptcy (within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 
1954) of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any Obligor, IPCo 
or any Material Company; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, Administrative Receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager, Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey or other similar officer in respect of any Obligor, 
IPCo or any Material Company or any of its assets; or 
(iv) 
enforcement of any Security Interest over any assets of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material 
Company over which Security Interest has been granted in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee 
under the Obligor Security Documents having an aggregate value of £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or 
equivalent in other currency or currencies), 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, in each case other than any winding-up 
petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of 
commencement, or any step or procedure contemplated by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Permitted 
Transaction”. 
(h) 
Creditors’ process 
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company having an 
aggregate value of £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in other currencies) and is not discharged within 
21 days. 
(i) 
Unlawfulness and invalidity 
(i) 
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor or any other member of the Holdco Group that is a party 
to the STID to perform any of its obligations under the Senior Finance Documents. 
(ii) 
Any Security Interest created or expressed to be created or evidenced by an Obligor Security 
Document ceases to be in full force and effect or an Obligor Security Document does not create 
the Security Interest it purports to create where such cessation or failure (as applicable) would or 
is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(iii) 
Subject to the Reservations, any obligation or obligations of any Obligor under any Senior 
Finance Document (or any other member of the Holdco Group under the STID) are not or cease 
to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable. 
(iv) 
Any Security Interest created under the Obligor Security Documents or any subordination created 
under the STID ceases to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable or effective or is alleged by a party 
to it (other than a Senior Finance Party) to be ineffective. 
(v) 
Any of the events or circumstances in paragraphs (i) to (iv) occurs in respect of IPCo and the 
ABF Transaction Documents (as if references to an Obligor, Senior Finance Document, STID 
and Obligor Security Document were references to IPCo, ABF Transaction Documents, ABF 
Intercreditor Deed and ABF Security Agreement respectively).

--- Page 172 ---
151 
(j) 
Repudiation and recession of agreements 
An Obligor (or any other relevant party) rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to 
repudiate a Senior Finance Document or any Security Interest created under the Obligor Security 
Documents or evidences an intention to rescind or repudiate a Senior Finance Document or any Security 
Interest created under the Obligor Security Documents. 
(k) 
Expropriation 
All or a substantial part of the assets of a member of the Holdco Group are seized, nationalised, 
expropriated or compulsorily purchased or an order from the relevant authority has been issued to that 
effect which, taking into account the amount and timing of any compensation payable for such seizure, 
nationalisation, expropriation or compulsorily purchase, it would or is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. 
(l) 
Cessation of business 
An Obligor, IPCo or a Material Company suspends or ceases, or threatens or proposes to cease, to carry 
on all or a material part of its business except as a result of any Permitted Disposal or where such 
cessation (or potential cessation) would not or is reasonably likely not to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(m) 
Litigation 
Any litigation, arbitration, administrative, governmental, regulatory or other investigations, proceedings 
or disputes are commenced or threatened against any member of the Holdco Group or its material assets 
which, in each case, would be likely to be adversely determined to it and which, if so adversely 
determined, would or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(n) 
Pensions 
The Pension Regulator issues, in respect of one or more members of the Holdco Group, a Financial 
Support Direction or a Contribution Notice which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect. 
(o) 
Intellectual Property 
Any Intellectual Property ceases to be owned by a member of the Holdco Group and such termination 
would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(p) 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
A TDC Breach occurs and is continuing. 
(q) 
Non-compliance with STID 
Any party to the STID (other than a Senior Finance Party or an Obligor) fails to comply with the 
provisions of, or does not perform its obligations under, the STID or a representation or warranty given 
by that party in the STID is incorrect in any material respect unless (i) the non-compliance or 
circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy; and (ii) it is remedied within 
twenty-one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor Security Trustee giving notice of the 
failure to comply to that party and (B) that party becoming aware of the failure to comply or 
misrepresentation. 
(r) 
Change of ownership

--- Page 173 ---
152 
Except in connection with any Permitted Disposal an Obligor (other than Holdco) or a Material 
Company ceases to be, directly or indirectly, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Holdco or any of Holdco, 
Intermediate Holdco or the Borrower ceases to own 100% of the shares in the member of the Holdco 
Group that is its direct Subsidiary on the Closing Date. 
(s) 
Class A Note Event of Default 
A Class A Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing. 
(t) 
IPCo Breach 
(i) 
IPCo, the Partnership or any partner in the Partnership does not comply with any material 
provision of any ABF Transaction Document unless (if provided for in the relevant ABF 
Transaction Document) the failure to comply was remedied in accordance with such ABF 
Transaction Document. 
(ii) 
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by IPCo, the Partnership or any 
partner in the Partnership in any ABF Transaction Document or any other document delivered by 
or on behalf of any such person under or in connection with any ABF Transaction Document is 
or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to 
be made unless (if provided for in the relevant ABF Transaction Document) the failure to comply 
was remedied in accordance with such ABF Transaction Document. 
(iii) 
IPCo (or any other relevant party) rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to 
repudiate an ABF Transaction Document or any Security Interest created under the ABF Security 
Agreement or evidences an intention to rescind or repudiate an ABF Transaction Document or 
any Security Interest created under the ABF Security Agreement. 
(iv) 
Any party to the ABF Intercreditor Deed (other than a Senior Finance Party) fails to comply with 
the provisions of, or does not perform its obligations under, the ABF Intercreditor Deed or a 
representation or warranty given by that party in the ABF Intercreditor Deed is incorrect in any 
material respect unless the failure to comply was remedied in accordance with such ABF 
Transaction Document. 
CTA Events of Default Consequences 
If a CTA Event of Default occurs and is continuing, it will: 
(a) 
constitute a Trigger Event; 
(b) 
entitle each Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditor to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee, subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility to which it is a party and subject to the 
provisions of the STID to: 
(i) 
cancel the total commitments under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other than Liquidity 
Facilities) whereupon they shall immediately be cancelled; 
(ii) 
declare that all or part of the Utilisations under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other 
than Liquidity Facilities), together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or 
outstanding under the Senior Finance Documents be immediately due and payable at which time 
they shall become immediately due and payable; 
(iii) 
declare that all or part of the Utilisations under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other 
than Liquidity Facilities) be payable on demand, at which time they shall immediately become 
payable on demand from the relevant Facility Agent, the Issuer or the relevant majority lenders;

--- Page 174 ---
153 
(iv) 
take any other Enforcement Action other than those required to be taken by the Obligor Security 
Trustee in accordance with the STID; 
(v) 
take any action permitted by the terms of the Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreements; and/or 
(vi) 
exercise or direct the relevant Secured Creditor Representative or Obligor Security Trustee to 
exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Senior Finance 
Documents; and 
(c) 
entitle the Obligor Security Trustee (at its discretion or on the instructions of the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Creditors) to deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice. At any time after the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice the Obligor Security Trustee may, and shall if it is instructed to do so in accordance 
with the STID, exercise any rights under the STID and the Obligor Security Documents. 
Cash Management 
The CTA contains the following rules regarding the cash management of the Holdco Group. 
General 
(a) 
Each Obligor shall open and maintain such Obligor Operating Accounts with an Acceptable Bank as it 
determines from time to time, acting reasonably, are required for the Permitted Business, provided that 
AA Ireland Limited may open and maintain Obligor Operating Accounts with a reputable bank in Ireland 
whether or not it meets the rating requirements in the definition of “Acceptable Bank”. 
(b) 
The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the Borrower Account Bank Agreement and the 
provisions of the CTA that apply to the Designated Accounts maintained by it from time to time. Each 
other Obligor shall comply with the provisions of the CTA that apply to the Designated Accounts and 
any Obligor Operating Accounts maintained by it from time to time. 
(c) 
Each Obligor shall ensure that all of its revenues (other than amounts required to be paid into a 
Designated Account) will be paid into an Obligor Operating Account in its name or the name of another 
Obligor. 
(d) 
The Obligor Operating Accounts shall be the sole current accounts of the Obligors through which all 
operating expenditure (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Pension Liabilities and following the 
ABF Implementation Date, royalty payments to IPCo under any licence agreements entered into with 
IPCo) and Capital Expenditure or any Taxes incurred by the Obligors and any other payment not 
prohibited pursuant to the Transaction Documents shall be cleared. 
(e) 
The Cash Manager for the Borrower and the Issuer shall be the Holdco Group Agent and will act as Cash 
Manager in respect of the accounts held by the Borrower and the Issuer. At all times prior to the delivery 
of any Loan Enforcement Notice, the Cash Manager shall be authorised by the Borrower, the Issuer and 
the Obligor Security Trustee to operate all such accounts in accordance with the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID. 
(f) 
Following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the Issuer Cash Manager may only act on the 
instructions of the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of any accounts maintained by any member of the 
Holdco Group. 
(g) 
Following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee any amounts 
standing to the credit of: (i) the Obligor Operating Accounts and the Designated Accounts (other than 
the Mandatory Prepayment Account, the Defeasance Account and any Liquidity Facility Standby

--- Page 175 ---
154 
Account) may only be applied in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
under the STID; (ii) any Liquidity Facility Standby Account shall be repaid to the relevant Liquidity 
Facility Provider in accordance with the STID; and (iii) the Mandatory Prepayment Account or the 
Defeasance Account may only be applied in accordance with the STID. 
(h) 
The Obligors must not open any bank accounts outside the United Kingdom and, (i) in respect of AA 
Ireland Limited only, Ireland and (ii) in respect of TAAL only, TAAL’s bank accounts in France existing 
as at the date of the CTA provided that such bank accounts are used on a basis substantially consistent 
with the Holdco Group’s treasury practice prior to the Closing Date and on the applicable bank account 
mandate terms as at the date of the CTA. None of Holdco, Intermediate Holdco or the Borrower may 
open any bank accounts other than (in the case of the Borrower) the Designated Accounts required to be 
maintained by it pursuant to the CTA. 
(i) 
Each Obligor shall promptly following the request of the Obligor Security Trustee to deliver to it an 
updated list of the accounts (with details thereof) maintained by it. 
(j) 
Subject to paragraphs (a) above and (k) and (l) below of this section (“—Cash Management”), the 
Borrower and each other Obligor are required to procure that the Obligor Operating Accounts and the 
Designated Accounts are maintained with an Acceptable Bank. 
(k) 
If an entity which is the Borrower Account Bank or the account bank in respect of any Designated 
Account or any Obligor Operating Account maintained in the UK by an Obligor other than the Borrower 
and AA Ireland Limited ceases to have a credit rating for its long term unsecured and non-credit 
enhanced debt obligations of BBB or higher by S&P, then the Cash Manager, Borrower or other relevant 
Obligor must use reasonable endeavours to transfer the affected Obligor Operating Accounts or 
Designated Accounts to another entity which is an Acceptable Bank, subject to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Borrower Account Bank Agreement and/or the CTA (as applicable). 
(l) 
A transfer of an Obligor Operating Account or a Designated Account only becomes effective when: 
(i) 
with respect to any Designated Account or any Obligor Operating Account maintained by the 
Borrower, the proposed new Acceptable Bank enters into an agreement substantially on the same 
terms as the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(ii) 
the relevant new account is open and operational; and 
(iii) 
a Security Interest satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee has been granted over such new 
Obligor Operating Account or Designated Account. 
Designated Accounts 
(a) 
 
(i) 
The Borrower shall maintain the following bank accounts in its name, in each case (other than in 
respect of any Liquidity Facility Standby Accounts) with the Borrower Account Bank: 
(A) 
from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date, an account designated the “Debt 
Service Payment Account”; 
(B) 
from a date no later than 5 Business Days prior to the date on which the first payment is 
required under the Senior Finance Documents to be made into such account, an account 
designated the “Excess Cashflow Account”;

--- Page 176 ---
155 
(C) 
from a date no later than 5 Business Days prior to the date on which the first payment is 
required under the Senior Finance Documents to be made into such account, an account 
designated the “Defeasance Account”; 
(D) 
from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date, an account designated the 
“Mandatory Prepayment Account”; 
(E) 
from no later than immediately prior to the date of any utilisation of any Liquidity Facility, 
an account designated a “Liquidity Facility Standby Account” in respect of each person 
that is a Liquidity Facility Provider under the relevant Liquidity Facility; 
(F) 
from a date at the Borrower’s discretion, an account designated the “Borrower Debt 
Service Reserve Account”; and 
(G) 
from no later than 15 January 2015, an account designated the “TAAL Migration 
Condition Account”, 
on the terms set out in the Borrower Account Bank Agreement, and 
(ii) 
Holdco shall procure that from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date an account 
designated the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account (“Maintenance Capex Reserve Account”) 
is maintained with an Acceptable Bank in the name of an Obligor that is an English Subsidiary 
of the Borrower, 
each account under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, a “Designated Account”. 
(b) 
No amount may be credited to or debited from a Designated Account other than as expressly provided 
in the CTA and the STID. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager, the Borrower and each other relevant Obligor (as applicable) must ensure that no 
Designated Account goes into overdraft. 
Debt Service Payment Account 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, the Obligors undertake to 
credit the Debt Service Payment Account three Business Days prior to any Loan Interest Payment Date or, if 
applicable, any other interest payment date provided for in any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, with 
sufficient funds to enable the Borrower to make any required payments under the Finance Documents due on 
such Loan Interest Payment Date or, if different, such other interest payment date provided for in a Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility in accordance with Part A of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments under 
the STID. If there are insufficient amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Service Payment Account on the 
relevant date to pay all amounts due under the Finance Documents, such unpaid amounts shall be paid from 
any of the Obligor Operating Accounts. 
Excess Cashflow Account 
(a) 
Unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred or paragraph (b)(ii), (c) or (d) below applies, Holdco 
shall deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account within five Business Days after the date of required 
delivery of the consolidated audited Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco Group (and related 
Compliance Certificate) for that Financial Year (and, where relevant, net of any amount credited to the 
Excess Cashflow Account pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii) below in respect of the first six months of the 
relevant Financial Year) 100% of the Excess Cashflow for each Financial Year that is a Bank Debt Sweep 
Period.

--- Page 177 ---
156 
(b) 
If a Trigger Event is continuing as evidenced by the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered with 
any Financial Statements, Holdco shall be required to deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account within 
five Business Days after the date of required delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate: 
(i) 
100% of Excess Cashflow for the six month period ending on the last day of the Test Period to 
which that Compliance Certificate relates if that Compliance Certificate is delivered with any 
Semi-Annual Financial Statements; and 
(ii) 
100% of Excess Cashflow for the 12 month period ending on the last day of the Test Period to 
which that Compliance Certificate relates if that Compliance Certificate is delivered with any 
Annual Financial Statements (and, where relevant, net of any amount credited to the Excess 
Cashflow Account pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) above in respect of the first six months of the 
relevant Financial Year). 
(c) 
Not less than five Business Days before each Loan Interest Payment Date that falls: 
(i) 
during a Cash Accumulation Period; or 
(ii) 
after a Final Maturity Date for so long as the Financial Indebtedness to which that Final Maturity 
Date related remains outstanding, 
Holdco shall deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account 100% (or, during a Cash Accumulation Period, 
the aggregate Required Accumulation Percentage) of the Projected Excess Cashflow for the six month 
period ending on that Loan Interest Payment Date. In this paragraph, “Projected Excess Cashflow” 
means Excess Cashflow for the relevant six month period as projected by Holdco acting reasonably 
having regard to the actual and projected financial performance of the Holdco Group over that period 
and as certified to the Obligor Security Trustee by the Holdco Group Agent on or not earlier than five 
Business Days prior to the date the relevant amount is credited to the Excess Cashflow Account. 
(d) 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account shall be applied in accordance with the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID. 
Maintenance Capex Reserve Account 
(a) 
The Maintenance Capex Reserve Account shall be credited by the Obligors with the difference between 
the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount required to be spent each Financial Year under the 
CTA and the amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure actually spent by the Obligors in such 
Financial Year within 30 days from the end of each Financial Year. 
(b) 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account may only be utilised by the Obligors to fund a 
payment of Maintenance Capital Expenditure. 
Defeasance Account 
(a) 
The Borrower: 
(i) 
shall, if a Trigger Event is subsisting at the relevant time, credit to the Defeasance Account any 
amount of Excess Cashflow standing to the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account required to be 
credited into the Defeasance Account in accordance with Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments under the STID. Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount 
credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to this paragraph shall be released from the 
Defeasance Account and applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with Part B of the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID in the order in which it would have been

--- Page 178 ---
157 
applied had a Trigger Event not occurred and any excess amounts shall be credited to such 
Obligor Operating Account as the Cash Manager may elect and applied in accordance with the 
Senior Finance Documents; 
(ii) 
may at its discretion pay any Equity Cure amounts into the Defeasance Account. Such amounts 
may only be released in accordance with paragraph (b)(ii)(A)(II) (“—Covenants—Information 
Covenants—Financial Covenants and Equity Cure”) above; 
(iii) 
shall credit any amounts required to be paid into the Defeasance Account in accordance with 
paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary Prepayment”) 
above. Any such amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account may be applied only 
in accordance with paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary 
Prepayment”) above; and 
(iv) 
prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event, (with respect to any amounts it wishes to use for the 
defeasance of any Class A IBLA in respect of any Class A Notes) may or, following the 
occurrence of any Trigger Event, shall, deposit the proceeds of any Disposal Proceeds or 
Insurance Proceeds in the Defeasance Account in accordance with “—Mandatory Prepayment 
from Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds” below. Any Disposal Proceeds or Insurance 
Proceeds standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account may only be applied in accordance 
with “—Mandatory Prepayment from Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds” below. 
(b) 
Pending application, amounts credited to the Defeasance Account shall be held for the benefit of the 
Class A Authorised Credit Providers under the fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities in respect 
of which the relevant amounts were credited. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager shall maintain appropriate entries in respect of the Defeasance Account and any 
amounts credited to or debited from it which identify the fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities 
in respect of which those debits and credits are made. In the absence of manifest error such entries are 
conclusive evidence of the matters to which they relate. 
(d) 
On or following any Expected Maturity Date in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes any amounts 
credited to the Defeasance Account in respect of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance must be 
applied toward prepayment of such Class A IBLA Advance (including any redemption premium payable 
by the Obligors). 
Mandatory Prepayment Account 
(a) 
Any amount (other than Excess Cashflow) required to be applied in prepayment of any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility that bears interest at a floating rate may, if permitted under the relevant Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility, be credited to the Mandatory Prepayment Account for application in 
prepayment of amounts outstanding under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility at the time provided 
for in the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility (and pending such application shall be held for the 
benefit of the Class A Authorised Credit Providers and the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities in respect 
of which the relevant amount was credited). 
(b) 
Subject to the terms of the STID, the proceeds of any Additional Financial Indebtedness which have 
been raised for the purpose of refinancing any Class A Authorised Credit Facility and are required to be 
applied in prepayment of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility may, if permitted under the terms of 
such Additional Financial Indebtedness, be credited to the Mandatory Prepayment Account (or such 
other account as the new Authorised Credit Providers require for the holding of the proceeds pending 
their application for repayment of the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility) and held in it until

--- Page 179 ---
158 
such time as the Borrower elects to prepay or repay such Class A Authorised Credit Facility to be 
refinanced with such proceeds. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager shall maintain appropriate entries in respect of the Mandatory Prepayment Account 
and any amounts credited to or debited from it which identify the Class A Authorised Credit Facility in 
respect of which those debits and credits are made. In the absence of manifest error such entries are 
conclusive evidence of the matters to which they relate. 
Liquidity Facility Standby Account 
Subject to the terms of the STID and any Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower shall pay the proceeds of 
any Standby Drawing into the Liquidity Facility Standby Account with the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider 
unless such Standby Drawing is made as a result of a downgrade of such Liquidity Facility Provider below the 
Requisite Rating in which case the proceeds of any Standby Drawing shall be paid into a Liquidity Facility 
Standby Account with the Borrower Account Bank. 
Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account 
(a) 
Any member of the Holdco Group may credit the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account with funds 
which shall be utilised by the Borrower to fund any Liquidity Shortfall. 
(b) 
No amount may be debited from the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account (other than to the Debt 
Service Payment Account) if that would cause the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance with 
paragraph (a) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Remedies—Liquidity Required Amount”) above. 
TAAL Migration Condition Account 
(a) 
Unless paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) under “—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Excess 
Cashflow Account” above apply, in respect of any Financial Year ending on 31 January 2015, 31 January 
2016 or 31 January 2017, if the unconsolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation (calculated in the same way as EBITDA and excluding all intra-group items and 
investments in Subsidiaries of any member of the Holdco Group) of TAAL are 10% or more of the 
EBITDA of the Holdco Group for the relevant Financial Year then, unless the TAAL Business Transfer 
Implementation Date has occurred prior to the date of delivery of the Compliance Certificate in respect 
of the Test Period ending on such date, Holdco shall credit 100% of Excess Cashflow for that Financial 
Year to the TAAL Migration Condition Account (and, where relevant net of any amount credited to the 
Excess Cashflow Account pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) under “—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow 
Account” above in respect of the first six months of the relevant Financial Year) provided that, if 
paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) under “—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow Account” applies, and there are 
remaining amounts following the application of Excess Cashflow in accordance with the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID, then such remaining amounts shall be credited to the 
TAAL Migration Condition Account. 
(b) 
If the TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date occurs, any amounts standing to the credit of the 
TAAL Migration Condition Account may be released to the Holdco Group without the consent of the 
Obligor Security Trustee. 
Cash Pooling 
Each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that 
any netting and set-off arrangements entered into by members of the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of 
its banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debit and credit balances of Obligor Operating Accounts 
of members of the Holdco Group shall only be netted in an account in the name of an Obligor and to the extent 
permitted by paragraph (d) of the definition of “Permitted Security”.

--- Page 180 ---
159 
Mandatory Prepayment from Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds 
(a) 
The Obligors will agree that prior to a Qualifying Public Offering and unless a Trigger Event has 
occurred and is continuing at the relevant prepayment is required to be made, any Disposal Proceeds and 
Insurance Proceeds required to be applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities must 
be used, at the Borrower’s discretion, to permanently repay, prepay, defease (by way of credit to the 
Defeasance Account) or purchase any Class A Notes and/or any amounts outstanding under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Hedging Agreement and any Liquidity Facility), and to pay 
any related swap termination amounts under any Hedging Agreement, break costs and redemption 
premia payable in connection herewith. 
(b) 
If a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing at the relevant time then, notwithstanding the terms of 
the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities, any Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds required to be 
applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities must be applied pro rata in or towards 
(i) repaying or prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreements) which bears 
interest at a floating rate, less an amount which is required to pay any related swap termination amounts, 
break costs and any redemption premia (which amount shall be applied in satisfaction of such 
termination amounts, break costs and redemption premia); and (ii) on a pro rata basis repaying, 
prepaying and/or defeasing (by way of credit to the Defeasance Account) the outstanding principal 
amount under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any 
Hedging Agreement) which bears interest at a fixed rate and/or purchasing Class A Notes (at a price not 
exceeding the Principal Amount Outstanding (excluding accrued but unpaid interest) pursuant to a public 
tender offer on a pro rata basis), less an amount which is required to pay any related swap termination 
amounts and redemption premia) (which amount shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination 
amounts and redemption premia). 
(c) 
Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant 
to paragraph (b) above shall be applied as set out in paragraph (a) above with any excess to be credited 
to such Obligor Operating Account as the Cash Manager may elect for application by the Holdco Group 
in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
(d) 
Following a Qualifying Public Offering, any Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds may be applied 
at the discretion of the Borrower (subject always to the terms of the Senior Finance Documents). 
Hedging Policy 
Risks Arising in The Ordinary Course of Business 
(a) 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group may enter into Treasury Transactions for the 
purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of the Holdco Group’s business, including, 
amongst others, risks deriving from exposures to fluctuations in interest rates and, subject to paragraph 
(a) under “—OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions” below, the price of commodities and 
currency exchange rates. The Issuer and the PP Note Issuer shall not enter into Treasury Transactions 
other than Hedging Transactions. 
(b) 
Treasury Transactions may be entered into with one or more counterparties. No member of the Holdco 
Group, the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer may enter into Treasury Transactions for the 
purpose of speculation. 
(c) 
No member of the Holdco Group, the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer may enter into Treasury 
Transactions that are inflation swaps.

--- Page 181 ---
160 
OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions 
(a) 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group may enter into OCB Treasury Transactions 
that are Commodity Hedging Transactions and/or FX Hedging Transactions for the purpose of hedging 
risks arising in the ordinary course of business from exposures to fluctuations in the price of commodities 
and/or foreign exchange rates (collectively, the “OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions”), 
provided that, subject to paragraph (g) under “—Risks Arising In Connection with The Relevant Debt” 
below, the Obligors may only enter into such transactions on an OCB Trade Date if: 
(i) 
in the case of a Commodity Hedging Transaction, the aggregate of the OCB Commodities 
Notional Amounts for all Commodity Hedging Transactions on such OCB Trade Date (including 
any Commodity Hedging Transaction to be entered into on such OCB Trade Date) is not greater 
than the OCB Secured Transaction Cap in respect of Commodity Hedging Transactions; and 
(ii) 
in the case of an FX Hedging Transaction, the aggregate of the OCB FX Calculation Amounts 
for all FX Hedging Transactions on such OCB Trade Date (including any FX Hedging 
Transaction to be entered into on such OCB Trade Date) is not greater than the OCB Secured 
Transaction Cap in respect of FX Hedging Transactions. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this section: 
“OCB Commodities Notional Amount” means, in respect of a Commodity Hedging Transaction and 
any day, the “Notional Amount” under (and as defined in) such Commodity Hedging Transaction on 
such day; 
“OCB FX Calculation Amount” means, in respect of an FX Hedging Transaction and any day, the 
“Calculation Amount” under (and as defined in) such FX Hedging Transaction on such day; 
“OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties” means each Commodity Hedge Counterparty, each FX Hedge 
Counterparty and each OCB Treasury Counterparty; 
“OCB Secured Hedging Agreements” means each ISDA Master Agreement entered into by an Obligor 
and a Commodity Hedge Counterparty, an FX Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Treasury Counterparty 
(as applicable) in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each relevant 
OCB Secured Hedging Transaction forming part thereof is entered into) and which governs the relevant 
OCB Secured Hedging Transaction between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the 
relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the relevant OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement; 
“OCB Secured Hedging Transactions” means each OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transaction and 
each OCB Treasury Transaction; 
“OCB Secured Transaction Cap” means: 
(i) 
in respect of Commodity Hedging Transactions, an amount equal to £15,000,000 or the 
equivalent amount in another currency, converted at the spot rate available to the Borrower at the 
time of conversion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in respect of FX Hedging Transactions, an amount equal to £50,000,000 or the equivalent amount 
in another currency, converted at the spot rate available to the Borrower at the time of conversion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner; 
“OCB Trade Date” means a date on which the relevant Obligor proposes to enter into an OCB Secured 
Capped Hedging Transaction;

--- Page 182 ---
161 
“OCB Treasury Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under an OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement which has acceded as an Obligor Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms 
Agreement; and 
“OCB Treasury Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction (that is not a Hedging Transaction) entered 
into by an Obligor and an OCB Treasury Counterparty for the purposes of hedging risks arising in the 
ordinary course of business. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Obligors under the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements shall be secured by the 
Obligor Security. 
Risks Arising in Connection with The Relevant Debt 
(a) 
The Borrower, the Issuer and the PP Note Issuer may enter into Hedging Transactions for the purpose of 
hedging risks deriving from exposures to fluctuation in, inter alia, interest rates and currency exchange 
rates arising in connection with the Relevant Debt. Hedging Agreements and Hedging Transactions may 
be entered into with one or more Hedge Counterparties, subject to paragraph (a) under “—Principles 
Relating to Hedge Counterparties” below. 
(b) 
The Borrower the Issuer and the PP Note Issuer may execute forward-starting hedging arrangements to 
mitigate interest rate and currency exchange rate risks associated with the incurrence (including future 
incurrence) of the Relevant Debt. 
(c) 
In the event the Issuer enters into any Hedging Transactions under an Issuer Hedging Agreement, the 
economic effect of such Hedging Transactions shall be passed on to the Borrower either through the 
Class A IBLA or by way of back-to-back hedge agreements between the Borrower and the Issuer. 
(d) 
The Hedging Policy will be reviewed from time to time by the Borrower and the Issuer and may be 
amended as appropriate in line with market practice, regulatory developments and good industry practice 
in accordance with the provisions of the STID. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (f) under “—Risks Arising In Connection with The Relevant Debt” below, no 
amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Hedging Agreement will 
require the consent of any party other than the parties to such Hedging Agreement provided that such 
amendment, waiver, modification or termination (as the case may be) does not result in any breach of 
the Hedging Policy, in which case such amendment, waiver, modification or termination will be subject 
to the provisions of the STID. 
(f) 
No amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Hedging Transaction or 
Hedging Agreement required to meet the requirements of the Rating Agency from time to time will 
require the consent of any party other than the parties to the relevant Hedging Agreement. 
(g) 
For the purpose of determining compliance with the cap on OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions 
under paragraph (a) of “—OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions” above, the currency risk 
principles under paragraphs (a) and (b) of “—Currency Risk Principles” below and the interest rate risk 
principles under paragraphs (a) and (b) of “—Interest Rate Risk Principles” below, the notional amount 
and/or currency amount of an OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transaction or a Hedging Transaction on 
any date shall be reduced by the notional amount and/or or currency amount of an OCB Secured Capped 
Hedging Transaction or a Hedging Transaction that is an Offsetting Transaction or an Overlay 
Transaction with respect thereto (as applicable) on that date.

--- Page 183 ---
162 
Currency Risk Principles 
(a) 
At any time, the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer (taken together) will hedge currency risk 
in respect of the interest payable and the repayment of principal in relation to the total outstanding 
Relevant Debt which is denominated in a currency other than GBP (a “Foreign Currency”) to ensure 
that at any time: 
(i) 
a minimum of 100% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency 
is hedged pursuant to XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the 
shorter of (x) the average maturity of the Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency; and 
(y) three years; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate notional amount of XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions does not exceed 
110% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
(b) 
In the event that the aggregate notional amount of XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions relating to 
the Relevant Debt which is denominated in a Foreign Currency exceeds 110% of the total outstanding 
Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency (after taking into account any offset effected by any 
Offsetting Transactions and Overlay Transactions) (a “XCCY Overhedged Position”), then the 
Borrower, the PP Note Issuer or the Issuer must, within 30 calendar days of becoming aware of the 
XCCY Overhedged Position, reduce the aggregate notional amount of the XCCY Interest Rate Hedging 
Transactions (which may be achieved by terminating one or more XCCY Interest Rate Hedging 
Transactions (in whole or in part) at the discretion of the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer, as 
applicable) and/or entering into Offsetting Transactions and/or Overlay Transactions so that it is in 
compliance with the parameters in paragraph (a) under “—Currency Risk Principles” above. 
(c) 
Foreign exchange rate risk will be hedged through derivative instruments including but not limited to 
swaps, caps, options and collars in order to comply with paragraph (a) under “—Currency Risk 
Principles” above. 
Interest Rate Risk Principles 
(a) 
At any time, the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer will (taken together) hedge the interest rate 
risk in relation to the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP to ensure that at any time: 
(i) 
a minimum of 75% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP is hedged 
pursuant to GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the shorter of (x) the 
average maturity of the Relevant Debt denominated in GBP; and (y) three years; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate notional amount of Interest Rate Hedging Transactions does not exceed 110% of 
the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP. 
(b) 
In the event that the aggregate notional amount of GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions relating to 
the Relevant Debt denominated in GBP exceeds 110% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt (after 
taking into account any offset effected by any Offsetting Transactions and Overlay Transactions) (an 
“Overhedged Position”), then the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer or the Issuer must, within 30 calendar 
days of becoming aware of the Overhedged Position, reduce the aggregate notional amount of the GBP 
Interest Rate Hedging Transactions (which may be achieved by terminating one or more GBP Interest 
Rate Hedging Transactions (in whole or in part) at the discretion of the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer or 
the Issuer, as applicable) and/or entering into Offsetting Transactions and/or Overlay Transactions so 
that it is in compliance with the parameters in paragraph (a) of “—Interest Rate Risk Principles” above.

--- Page 184 ---
163 
(c) 
Interest rate risk on floating rate liabilities will be hedged through derivative instruments including but 
not limited to swaps, caps, options and collars in order to comply with paragraph (a) of “—Interest Rate 
Risk Principles” above. 
Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties 
(a) 
The Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer may only enter into Hedging Transactions or OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions with counterparties whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt 
obligations are assigned a rating by the Rating Agency which is no less than the Minimum Long Term 
Rating, or where a parent guarantee is provided by an institution which meets the requisite criteria of the 
Rating Agency with respect to parent guarantees. 
(b) 
The counterparty principles under paragraph (a) of “—Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties” 
above are to be tested only on the entry into each Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction (as applicable) and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not apply to any amendment, 
modification or waiver made in respect of such Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction (as applicable). Without prejudice to either the Borrower’s, the Issuer’s or the PP Note 
Issuer’s (as applicable) obligations to comply with the counterparty principles on entry into each 
Hedging Transaction or each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction (as applicable), neither will have any 
obligation to take any action (or to cease to take any action) if a Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) subsequently ceases to satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (a) of 
“—Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties” above. 
Principles Relating to Hedging Agreements 
All Hedging Agreements and all OCB Secured Hedging Agreements must be entered into (whether by way of 
novation or otherwise) in the form of the ISDA Master Agreement with a schedule substantially on the terms 
set out below (subject to (i) any amendment that a Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty 
(as applicable) may require for tax or regulatory purposes and (ii) in the case of the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreements, (x) the disapplication of the following additional termination events: “Discharge of all Debt”, 
“Overhedging—GBP Denominated Debt” and “Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated Debt” (as set 
out below) (“Additional Termination Events”) in respect of an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and (y) any 
amendments and provisions that are customary for FX or commodity transactions of such nature) (the “Pro-
Forma Hedging Agreement”). 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any Hedging Agreement, the relevant Borrower or the Issuer 
and each Hedge Counterparty will be required to agree that: 
(a) 
the Hedge Counterparty may only designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Hedging Agreement) if one or more of the following events has occurred and is continuing: 
(i) 
with respect to the Borrower Hedging Agreements: 
(A) 
in relation to the Borrower only, a non-payment or non-delivery Event of Default, if it 
relates to non-payment or non-delivery under such Borrower Hedging Agreement unless 
such failure to pay or deliver is caused by: 
(I) 
an administrative or technical error; or 
(II) 
a Disruption Event, 
and such payment is made within five Business Days of the due date; 
(B) 
a CTA Event of Default has occurred in respect of which a Loan Acceleration Notice has 
been delivered;

--- Page 185 ---
164 
(C) 
all outstanding Relevant Debt, other than obligations under the Borrower Hedging 
Agreement and the OCB secured Hedging Agreements are irrevocably and 
unconditionally repaid, prepaid or cancelled in full (the “Discharge of all Debt”) or the 
relevant Hedge Counterparty becomes aware that the Borrower has given notice of any 
proposed prepayment, repayment or cancellation of all outstanding Relevant Debt (other 
than the obligations under the Borrower Hedging Agreement and the OCB Secured 
Hedging Agreements) in full; 
(D) 
a Hedging Transaction is entered into which does not comply with the Hedging Policy on 
its Trade Date, provided that the Hedge Counterparty to such Hedging Transaction may 
only designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) 
in respect of such Hedging Transaction; or 
(E) 
any event outlined in Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) of the Hedging Agreement (as 
amended by the relevant schedule to such Hedging Agreement to disapply, with respect to 
the Borrower, (i) Sections 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement, (ii) 
Section 5(a)(vii)(3) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any 
assignment, arrangement or composition that is effected by any Senior Finance Document; 
(iii) Section 5(a)(vii)(4) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any 
proceedings or petitions instituted or presented by any Borrower Hedge Counterparty or 
any Affiliate thereof, (iv) Section 5(a)(vii)(6) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent 
it refers to (1) any appointment that is contemplated or effected by any document to which 
the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty is a party in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by the Class A IBLA or (2) any such appointment to which the Borrower 
has not yet become subject and (v) Section 5(a)(vii)(8) of the ISDA Master Agreement to 
the extent that it applies to Section 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (4), (5) and (6) of the ISDA Master 
Agreement as they apply with respect to the Borrower; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Issuer Hedging Agreements, 
(A) 
in relation to the Issuer only, a non-payment or non-delivery Event of Default, if it relates 
to non-payment or non-delivery under such Borrower Hedging Agreement unless such 
failure to pay or deliver is caused by: 
(I) 
an administrative or technical error; or 
(II) 
a Disruption Event, 
and such payment is made within 5 Business Days of the due date; 
(B) 
a Class A Note Event of Default has occurred in respect of which the Class A Notes are 
accelerated; 
(C) 
all outstanding Relevant Debt (other than obligations and liabilities under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreements and any PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreements) are irrevocably and 
unconditionally repaid, prepaid or cancelled in full or the relevant Hedge Counterparty 
becomes aware that the Issuer has given notice of any proposed prepayment, repayment 
or cancellation of all outstanding Relevant Debt (other than the obligations under the 
Issuer Hedging Agreements and any PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreements Hedging 
Agreements) in full; 
(D) 
a Hedging Transaction is entered into which does not comply with the Hedging Policy on 
its Trade Date, provided that the Hedge Counterparty to such Hedging Transaction may

--- Page 186 ---
165 
only designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) 
in respect of such Hedging Transaction; or 
(E) 
any event outlined in Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) of the Hedging Agreement (as 
amended by the relevant schedule to such Hedging Agreement to disapply, with respect to 
the Issuer, (i) Sections 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement, (ii) Section 
5(a)(vii)(3) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any assignment, 
arrangement or composition that is effected by any Finance Document; (iii) Section 
5(a)(vii)(4) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any proceedings or 
petitions instituted or presented by any Issuer Hedge Counterparty or any Affiliate thereof, 
(iv) Section 5(a)(vii)(6) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to (1) any 
appointment that is contemplated or effected by any document to which the relevant Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty is a party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the 
Class A Note Trust Deed or (2) any such appointment to which the Issuer has not yet 
become subject and (v) Section 5(a)(vii)(8) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent 
that it applies to Section 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (4), (5) and (6) of the ISDA Master Agreement 
as they apply with respect to the Issuer; 
(iii) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(i) (Illegality) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(iv) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(ii) (Tax Event) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(v) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(iii) (Tax Event upon Merger) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(vi) 
if a break clause or right of early termination (whether mandatory or optional) granted in favour 
of the Borrower or the Issuer or the relevant Hedge Counterparty is exercisable in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement; and 
(vii) 
a Hedge Excess in respect of the total principal amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which 
is denominated in GBP has occurred and is continuing and 30 calendar days have elapsed since 
the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) first became aware of the occurrence of such Hedge 
Excess (the “Overhedging—GBP Denominated Debt”), provided that: 
(A) 
if an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) is designated 
in respect of a Transaction that is a GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction (an “Original 
Transaction”) pursuant to this Additional Termination Event, such Original Transaction 
shall be split, on the designated Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Hedging Agreement), into two Transactions. One of such Transactions (a “Continuing 
Transaction”) will have a notional amount equal to the Continuing Notional Amount and 
the other Transaction (an “Excess Transaction”) will have a notional amount equal to the 
Excess Notional Amount. Otherwise, the Continuing Transaction and the Excess 
Transaction shall have the same terms as the Original Transaction. Each Continuing 
Transaction shall continue and shall not be an affected transaction and each Excess 
Transaction shall be an affected transaction in respect of such Additional Termination 
Event; 
(B) 
the “Excess Notional Amount” in respect of an Excess Transaction shall be an amount 
equal to the product of (1) the Excess Above 110% and (2) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the notional amount of the relevant Original Transaction as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original 
Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) and the 
denominator of which is the Total Hedged Amount as of the occurrence of the relevant

--- Page 187 ---
166 
Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into 
the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction); 
(C) 
the “Continuing Notional Amount” in respect of a Continuing Transaction shall be an 
amount determined by a Hedge Counterparty equal to the notional amount as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the 
Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) of the 
relevant Original Transaction less the Excess Notional Amount of the Excess Transaction 
relating to that Original Transaction; 
(D) 
The Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party; provided that 
for the purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master Agreement, both parties shall be 
affected Parties; and 
(E) 
pursuant to this Additional Termination Event, no Early Termination Date (as defined in 
the relevant Hedging Agreement) may be designated in respect of a Transaction that is not 
a GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction. 
For the purposes of this Additional Termination Event only: 
“Aggregate Hedged Amount” means, on any day, the aggregate of the notional amounts on such 
day of the Transactions that are GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions provided that the 
notional amount of a GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction shall be reduced by the notional 
amount of any Offsetting Transaction or Overlay Transaction; 
“Excess Above 110%” means, on any day, the amount by which the Total Hedged Amount on 
such day exceeds the Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount on such day; 
“GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under 
which all payments are denominated in GBP; 
“Hedge Excess” means that, on any day, the Total Hedged Amount exceeds the Permitted 
Maximum Hedged Amount; 
“Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount” means an amount equal to 110% of the total principal 
amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which is denominated in GBP; and 
“Total Hedged Amount” means, at any time, the sum of each “Aggregate Hedged Amount” (as 
such term is defined in each Hedging Agreement) with respect to each Hedging Agreement in 
place at that time. 
(viii) A Hedge Excess in respect of Relevant Debt denominated in a certain Foreign Currency (the 
“Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated Debt”) has occurred and is continuing and 
30 calendar days have elapsed since the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) first became aware 
of the occurrence of such Hedge Excess. For the purpose of this Additional Termination Event 
only: 
(A) 
if an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) is designated 
in respect of a Transaction (an “Original Transaction”) pursuant to this Additional 
Termination Event, such Original Transaction shall be split, on the designated Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement), into two Transactions. 
One of such Transactions (a “Continuing Transaction”) will have a calculation amount 
equal to the Continuing Notional Amount and the other Transaction (an “Excess 
Transaction” will have a calculation amount equal to the Excess Notional Amount.

--- Page 188 ---
167 
Otherwise, the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction shall have the same 
terms as the Original Transaction. Each Continuing Transaction shall continue and shall 
not be an affected transaction and each Excess Transaction shall be an affected transaction 
in respect of such Additional Termination Event; 
(B) 
the “Excess Notional Amount” in respect of an Excess Transaction shall be an amount 
equal to the product of (1) the Excess Above 110% and (2) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the calculation amount of the relevant Original Transaction as of the occurrence 
of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original 
Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) and the 
denominator of which is the Total Hedged Amount as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into 
the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction); 
(C) 
the “Continuing Notional Amount” in respect of a Continuing Transaction shall be an 
amount determined by Hedge Counterparty equal to the calculation amount as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the 
Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) of the 
relevant Original Transaction less the Excess Notional Amount of the Excess Transaction 
relating to that Original Transaction; 
(D) 
the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party; provided that for 
the purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master Agreement, both parties shall be 
affected Parties; and 
(E) 
no Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) may be 
designated in respect of a Transaction that is not a XCCY Interest Rate Hedging 
Transaction denominated in the same Foreign Currency as the Hedge Excess. 
For the purposes of this Additional Termination Event only: 
“Excess Above 110%” means, on any day, the amount by which the Total Hedged Amount 
exceeds the Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount at that time; 
“Hedge Excess” means that, on any day, the Total Hedged Amount exceeds the Permitted 
Maximum Hedged Amount; 
“Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount” means an amount equal to 110% of the total principal 
amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which is denominated in a certain Foreign Currency; 
“Total Hedged Amount” means, at any time, the sum of each “XCCY Aggregate Hedged 
Amount” (as such term is defined in each Hedging Agreement) with respect to each Hedging 
Agreement in place at that time; 
“XCCY Aggregate Hedged Amount” means in respect of any Foreign Currency, on any day, 
the aggregate of the calculation amounts (denominated in that Foreign Currency) of the 
Transactions that are XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions in respect of that Foreign 
Currency provided that the calculation amount of a XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction 
shall be reduced by the calculation amount of any Offsetting Transaction or Overlay Transaction; 
and 
“XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means, in respect of Relevant Debt denominated 
in a certain Foreign Currency, an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which at least one 
transaction calculation amount is denominated in such Foreign Currency.

--- Page 189 ---
168 
(ix) 
If (a) the NFC Representation made by the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) proves to be or 
has become incorrect or misleading in any material respect or (b) such Transaction is (i) a 
Relevant Transaction on the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date; and (ii) not Cleared 
on or prior to the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date, it will constitute an Additional 
Termination Event in respect of which: 
(A) 
such transaction will be the sole affected transaction; and 
(B) 
the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party provided that both 
parties will be affected Parties for the purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
For the sole purposes of any determination pursuant to Section 6(e) following the designation of 
an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) as a result of this 
Additional Termination Event, it will be deemed that the Transaction is not a Relevant 
Transaction. 
(b) 
Save as set out in paragraph (a) of “—Principles Relating to Hedging Agreements” above, no Event of 
Default (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) shall apply in relation to the Borrower, the Issuer or 
any member of the Holdco Group (as applicable) and no Termination Event (as defined in the ISDA 
Master Agreement) in respect of which the Hedge Counterparty or any OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty (as applicable) would have a right to terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement or the 
relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) or any Hedging Transaction or any OCB 
Secured Hedging Transaction thereunder shall apply. 
(c) 
The Borrower or the Issuer may enter into Hedging Transactions that contain break clauses or optional 
early termination rights, including, for the avoidance of doubt, rights of “Optional Early Termination” 
and “Mandatory Early Termination” as described in Article 14 and Article 17 of the 2006 Definitions. 
(d) 
Each Hedge Counterparty and OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty will be required to acknowledge in 
the relevant Hedging Agreement and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) that all 
amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Borrower or the Issuer under or in connection with 
such Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) shall only be recoverable 
(and all rights of the relevant Hedge Counterparty or the relevant OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as 
applicable) under the relevant Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) 
shall only be exercisable) subject to and in accordance with the STID or the Transaction Documents as 
applicable. 
To the extent not otherwise provided for: 
(i) 
Hedge Counterparties and OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties will be entitled to receive the 
same financial information and all notices as delivered to the Class A Authorised Credit Provider 
under the CTA or to the Class A Noteholders under the Class A Note Trust Deed, provided that 
any Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) that is also a Class 
A Authorised Credit Provider shall receive any such information and notices only once; and 
(ii) 
the Borrower or the Issuer will make appropriate representations in Hedging Agreements and 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreements that the transaction constitutes permitted hedging under the 
terms of the CTA, the STID and Transaction Documents as applicable. 
Governing Law 
The CTA and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law.

--- Page 190 ---
169 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
General 
The intercreditor arrangements in respect of the Holdco Group, the Obligor Secured Creditors (including the 
Issuer), Topco and the Topco Secured Creditors (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”) are contained in the STID 
entered into on 2 July 2013. The Intercreditor Arrangements bind each of the Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including the Issuer), each of the Obligors, Topco and the Topco Secured Creditors. 
The Obligor Secured Creditors include all providers of Obligor Secured Liabilities that enter into or accede to 
the STID. Any new Authorised Credit Provider will be required to accede to the STID and, if the Authorised 
Credit Provider will be an Obligor Secured Creditor under a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, the CTA. The 
STID also contains provisions restricting the rights of Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated 
Investors. No member of the Holdco Group (which is not an Obligor) may provide Financial Indebtedness in 
an amount exceeding £5.0 million (determined on a net basis after taking into account any Permitted Loans 
made by the relevant Obligor to the relevant member of the Holdco Group) to any Obligor unless such person 
has first acceded to the STID as a Subordinated Intragroup Creditor. No Investor may provide Financial 
Indebtedness to any member of the Holdco Group except Holdco, provided that Holdco is permitted to incur 
such Financial Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents and such Investor has 
first acceded to the STID as a Subordinated Investor. 
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things (a) the claims of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors against the Obligors; (b) the exercise of rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors, including 
in relation to any enforcement and acceleration of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and the Obligor Security; (c) 
the rights of the Obligor Secured Creditors to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee; (d) the exercise and 
enforcement of rights by the Topco Secured Creditors in relation to the Topco Security; (e) the Entrenched 
Rights and the Reserved Matters of the Obligor Secured Creditors; and (f) the giving of consents and waivers 
and the making of modifications to the Common Documents, the Senior Finance Documents (other than the 
Common Documents), the Junior Finance Documents (other than the Common Documents) and the Topco 
Transaction Documents (other than the Common Documents). 
The Intercreditor Arrangements also provide for the ranking in point of payment of the claims of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors, both before and after the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice and for the subordination 
of all claims of Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors to the claims of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. Each Obligor Secured Creditor, each Obligor, 
each Subordinated Intragroup Creditor and each Subordinated Investor give certain undertakings in the STID, 
which serve to maintain the integrity of these arrangements. The STID also provides for the application of 
proceeds of the enforcement of the Topco Security. For further information on the ranking in point of payment 
of the claims of the Issuer Secured Creditors see the section “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction 
Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge”. 
Guarantee 
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, each Obligor irrevocably and unconditionally: 
(a) 
guarantees to the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured 
Creditors) the punctual performance and observation by each other Obligor of the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities; 
(b) 
undertakes with the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured 
Creditors) that whenever an Obligor does not pay any Obligor Secured Liabilities when due under or in 
connection with any Finance Document, the Obligor shall immediately on demand by the Obligor 
Security Trustee pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor; and

--- Page 191 ---
170 
(c) 
agrees with the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) 
that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an 
independent and primary obligation, indemnify the Obligor Secured Creditors immediately on demand 
against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of an Obligor not paying any amount which would, 
but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under any Finance 
Document on the date when it would have been due. The amount payable by the Obligor under this 
indemnity will not exceed the amount it would have had to pay under the guarantee if the amount claimed 
had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee. 
If the shares in an Obligor are disposed of pursuant to a Permitted Disposal which is not otherwise restricted by 
the Finance Documents or pursuant to a Distressed Disposal or otherwise in accordance with the STID, the 
Obligor Security Trustee is authorised to release the guarantee granted by that Obligor being sold. In addition, 
following the TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date, if the Holdco Group Agent certifies to the Obligor 
Security Trustee that TAAL (a) has ceased to be a Material Company and (b) is in a position to effect a solvent 
liquidation, pursuant to the STID, the Obligor Security Trustee is irrevocably authorised and instructed to 
release TAAL from its obligations in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities (including the guarantee) and to 
release the Obligor Security provided by TAAL in respect thereof, whereupon TAAL shall cease to be an 
Obligor and bound by the Finance Documents to which it is a party. 
Modifications, Consents and Waivers—Common Documents 
In relation to the Common Documents, the STID contains detailed provisions setting out the voting and 
instruction mechanics in respect of (a) Ordinary Voting Matters; (b) Extraordinary Voting Matters; and (c) 
Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters (as further described below in “—Types of Voting Categories—
Common Documents”). Subject to Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters (which will always require the 
consent of the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors who are affected by the proposed modification or request for 
consent or waiver, as applicable) and Extraordinary Voting Matters and, save as described below in “—
Discretion Matters” and “—Class B STID Proposal”, the Obligor Security Trustee will only agree to any 
modification of, or grant any consent or waiver under any Common Document with the consent of or if so 
instructed by the relevant majority of Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors provided that the 
relevant Quorum Requirement has been met. 
The Holdco Group Agent is entitled to provide the Obligor Security Trustee with written notice requesting any 
modification, consent or waiver it requires under or in respect of any Common Document (a “STID Proposal”). 
The notice will certify whether such STID Proposal is a Discretion Matter, an Ordinary Voting Matter, or an 
Extraordinary Voting Matter or whether it gives rise to an Entrenched Right (as further described in “—Types 
of Voting Categories—Common Documents” below) and stating the Decision Period (as further described in 
“—Decision Periods” below). If the STID Proposal is in relation to a Discretion Matter, the Holdco Group 
Agent must also provide a certificate evidencing this status. If the STID Proposal is in relation to an Entrenched 
Right, the Holdco Group Agent must include information as to the Obligor Secured Creditors and/or the Issuer 
Secured Creditors who are affected by such Entrenched Right. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will, within five Business Days of receipt of a STID Proposal, send a request (the 
“STID Voting Request”) in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter or Entrenched 
Right to the Secured Creditor Representative of each Obligor Secured Creditor and to each of the Secured 
Creditor Representatives of the Issuer (on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors). If the STID Proposal gives 
rise to an Entrenched Right, the STID Voting Request will contain a request that each relevant Affected Obligor 
Secured Creditor (including where the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor, each Issuer Secured 
Creditor who is affected), in each case, through its Secured Creditor Representative(s) confirm on or before the 
last day of the Decision Period whether or not it wishes to consent to the relevant STID Proposals that would 
affect the Entrenched Right.

--- Page 192 ---
171 
The Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (acting through their Secured Creditor Representatives) representing 
at least 10% of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities are able to challenge the Holdco Group Agent’s 
determination of the voting category of a STID Proposal. In addition, any Obligor Secured Creditor (acting 
through its Secured Creditor Representative, including where the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured 
Creditor, the Secured Creditor Representative on behalf of the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors), is able to 
challenge the Holdco Group Agent’s determination as to whether there is an Entrenched Right. Such dissenting 
creditors must provide supporting evidence or substantiation for their disagreement with such determination. 
Challenging creditors that comply with the foregoing requirements (the “Dissenting Creditors”) may instruct 
the Obligor Security Trustee to inform the Holdco Group Agent in writing within six Business Days of receipt 
of the relevant STID Proposal that they disagree with the Holdco Group Agent’s determination and specifying, 
as applicable, the voting category they propose should apply or whose Entrenched Right is affected along with 
the required supporting evidence. The Holdco Group Agent and the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors and/or relevant Obligor Secured Creditors will agree the voting category or whether there is an 
Entrenched Right within five Business Days from receipt by the Holdco Group Agent of the relevant notice 
from the Obligor Security Trustee. If they are unable to agree within this time, or if no agreement can be reached, 
then an appropriate expert will make a decision as to the voting category or whether there is an Entrenched 
Right, whose decision will be final and binding on each of the parties. 
Types of Voting Categories—Common Documents 
Ordinary Voting Matters 
Ordinary Voting Matters include all matters which are not designated as Extraordinary Voting Matters or 
Discretion Matters (see “—Extraordinary Voting Matters” and “—Discretion Matters” below). If the Quorum 
Requirement is met (see “—Quorum Requirements” below), a resolution in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter 
may be passed by a simple majority of the Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities in accordance with the 
section entitled “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” below. 
Extraordinary Voting Matters 
The STID also prescribes the treatment of Extraordinary Voting Matters. If the Quorum Requirement for an 
Extraordinary Voting Matter is satisfied (see “—Quorum Requirements” below), the majority required to pass 
a resolution in respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter (an “Extraordinary STID Resolution”) will be at 
least 66.67% of the Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities in accordance with the section entitled “—
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” below. 
Entrenched Rights 
Entrenched Rights are rights that cannot be modified or waived in accordance with the STID without the consent 
of the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor(s). When the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor is the Issuer, consent 
must be obtained from the holders of each Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding affected by the 
Entrenched Right by way of Class A Extraordinary Resolution. If holders of Class B Notes are also affected 
then consent must also be obtained from the Class B Noteholders in accordance with the Class B Note Trust 
Deed. 
Reserved Matters 
Reserved Matters (“Reserved Matters”) are matters which, subject to the STID and the CTA, an Obligor 
Secured Creditor is free to exercise in accordance with its own debt instrument including: 
(a) 
to receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, 
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance Document to which it is a party 
as permitted pursuant to the terms of the CTA and the Finance Documents;

--- Page 193 ---
172 
(b) 
to make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the provisions 
of the Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as permitted by the terms of the CTA, the STID 
and the Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance Documents are consistent 
with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(c) 
to exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms of 
the CTA, the STID and the other Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance 
Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(d) 
to receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the Finance 
Documents or otherwise; 
(e) 
to assign its rights or transfer any of its rights and obligations under any PP Notes or any other Authorised 
Credit Facility to which it is a party subject to the provisions of the STID; 
(f) 
in the case of each Hedge Counterparty and each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, (i) to terminate the 
relevant Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction 
thereunder provided such termination is a Permitted Hedge Termination or to terminate the relevant 
Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction thereunder 
in part and amend the terms of the Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement to reflect such partial termination or (ii) to exercise rights permitted to be exercised by it 
under a Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
in the case of the AA UK Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or to 
enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA UK Pension 
Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted under the STID; and 
(h) 
in the case of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or 
to enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA Ireland 
Pension Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted by the STID. 
Discretion Matters 
The Obligor Security Trustee may (but is not obliged to) make modifications to the Common Documents 
without the consent of any other Obligor Secured Creditor where such modifications, consents or waivers: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, are: 
(i) 
to correct manifest errors or an error in respect of which an English court could reasonably be 
expected to make a rectification order; or 
(ii) 
of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature; or 
(b) 
would not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee materially prejudice the interests of any of the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification, 
consent or waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to pay any amounts 
of principal or interest or other amounts in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities owed 
to the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment therefor). 
Quorum Requirements 
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, the “Quorum Requirement” is, in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter, one or more Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors representing 
in aggregate at least 20% of the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities provided that if the Quorum Requirement has not been met within the Decision Period (as described

--- Page 194 ---
173 
further in “—Decision Periods” below), the Quorum Requirement shall be reduced to one or more Participating 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors representing, in aggregate, 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities and the Decision Period will be extended for a period of 
a further ten Business Days from the expiry of the initial Decision Period. 
Decision Periods 
The STID includes provisions specifying the relevant decision periods within which votes must be cast (each, 
a “Decision Period”) which period must not be less than: 
(a) 
five Business Days from the date of delivery of the STID Proposal for any Discretion Matter; 
(b) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for any Ordinary Voting Matter (which 
may be extended for a further period of ten Business Days if the quorum requirement for the relevant 
Ordinary Voting Matter has not been met within the initial Decision Period); 
(c) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for any Extraordinary Voting Matter 
(which may be extended for a further period of ten Business Days if the quorum requirement for the 
relevant Extraordinary Voting Matter has not been met within the initial Decision Period); and 
(d) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for an Entrenched Right. However, the 
Decision Period for an Entrenched Right for which the Issuer is the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor 
will not be less than 45 days. 
“Decision Commencement Date” means the earlier of: 
(a) 
if the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors, or, as the case may be, the Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including, in the case of the Issuer, the Issuer Secured Creditors) are deemed to have agreed to the 
voting category proposed in the STID Proposal or, as applicable, as to whether the STID Proposal gives 
rise to any Entrenched Right affecting an Obligor Secured Creditor and/or, as applicable, Issuer Secured 
Creditor pursuant to the STID, the date which is five Business Days from the receipt of the relevant 
STID Proposal; 
(b) 
the date on which the Dissenting Creditors and the Holdco Group Agent reach agreement on the 
applicable voting category; or 
(c) 
if the agreement or determination is such that the existing STID Proposal is incorrect, the date of receipt 
by each Obligor Secured Creditor (through its Secured Creditor Representative) and each of the Secured 
Creditor Representatives of the Issuer (on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors) of an appropriately 
amended STID Proposal from the Obligor Security Trustee. 
Modifications, consents and waivers will be passed by the requisite number of creditors as further described in 
“—Types of Voting Categories—Common Documents” above. 
Class B STID Proposal 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holdco Group Agent may request (a “Class B STID Proposal”) the Obligor 
Security Trustee to concur with the Holdco Group Agent in making any modification, giving any consent or 
granting any waiver under or in respect of any Common Document, without the consent or approval of any 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditor, where such modification, granting of consent or waiver: 
(a) 
only relates to the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities and/or the Class B Notes (and the Issuer 
Transaction Documents related thereto); 
(b) 
does not give rise to an Entrenched Right which affects an Obligor Senior Secured Creditor; and

--- Page 195 ---
174 
(c) 
will not otherwise have an adverse effect on any Obligor Senior Secured Creditor. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled to rely on a certificate from the Holdco Group Agent signed by a 
director or two authorised signatories of the Holdco Group Agent for the purpose of determining whether the 
Class B STID Proposal will satisfy the conditions in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
Subject to the conditions in paragraphs (a) to (c) above being satisfied and save where the Class B STID 
Proposal gives right to any Entrenched Right which affects an Obligor Junior Secured Creditor, the Obligor 
Security Trustee may, as requested by the Holdco Group Agent by way of a Class B STID Proposal designated 
by the Holdco Group Agent as being in respect of a discretion matter (“Class B Discretion Matter”), in its sole 
discretion concur with the Holdco Group Agent in making any modification to, giving any consent under, or 
granting any waiver in respect of any breach or proposed breach of any Common Document to which the 
Obligor Security Trustee is a party or over which it has the benefit of the Obligor Security under the Obligor 
Security Documents if: 
(a) 
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court 
could reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or 
technical nature; or 
(b) 
such modification, consent or waiver is not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Obligor Secured Creditors (where “materially prejudicial” means 
that such modification, consent or waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Obligors to pay any amounts of principal or interest or any other amounts in respect of the Obligor 
Secured Liabilities owed to the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment 
thereof). 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise its discretion in respect of any Class B 
STID Proposal designated by the Holdco Group Agent as a Class B Discretion Matter. 
In respect of any Class B STID Proposal that is not a Class B Discretion Matter, the Obligor Security Trustee 
must, subject to the conditions to a Class B STID Proposal set out in this section, agree with the Holdco Group 
Agent to implement the proposed modification to be made, consent to be given or waiver to be granted as set 
out in the Class B STID Proposal if directed to do so by the Secured Creditor Representative of each of the 
Class B Authorised Credit Providers (including the Issuer). 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
General 
Subject to Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters, only the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors 
that are owed, or deemed to be owed, Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities may vote (through their Secured 
Creditor Representatives) in respect of a STID Proposal. 
Prior to the repayment in full of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding any Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities constituting Subordinated Hedge Amounts), only the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Creditors may vote (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) in respect of the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities they represent in relation to any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice (other than in respect of an Entrenched Right) to the extent the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including the Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors) and/or the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors in each case, 
through their Secured Creditor Representative, are entitled to vote). 
Upon repayment in full of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding any Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities constituting Subordinated Hedge Amounts), only the Qualifying Obligor Junior

--- Page 196 ---
175 
Creditors may vote (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Junior 
Secured Liabilities they represent in relation to any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice 
(other than in respect of an Entrenched Right to the extent the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors and/or the 
relevant Issuer Secured Creditors, in each case, through their Secured Creditor Representative, are entitled to 
vote). 
References to “Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” or “Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors” are 
references to: 
(a) 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities or Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors respectively prior 
to the repayment in full of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding the Secured Pensions 
Liabilities and Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities owing under any OCB Secured Hedging Transactions 
or constituting Subordinated Liquidity Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts); and 
(b) 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities or Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors respectively only 
following the repayment in full of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding the Secured 
Pensions Liabilities and Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities owing under any OCB Secured Hedging 
Transactions or constituting Subordinated Liquidity Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts), 
in each case, subject to: 
(i) 
the rights of the Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors and the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors in 
respect of Entrenched Rights; and 
(ii) 
the rights of the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties under the 
Borrower Hedging Agreements, any OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty under an OCB Secured 
Hedging Agreement, the AA Pension Trustees and the Borrower Account Bank in respect of their 
Entrenched Rights where they are an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” are comprised of: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class A IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under each other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including any 
PP Note Purchase Agreement where the Borrower is the PP Note Issuer or PPN IBLA constituting a 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility but excluding any Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Borrower 
Hedging Agreements) at such time; 
(c) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty and 
its voting entitlements as described under the heading “—Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities for which the Issuer is a 
Creditor” below, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the Issuer Hedging Transactions of that Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty at such time; 
(d) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty 
and its voting entitlements as described under the heading “—Voting in respect of Borrower Hedging 
Transactions by Borrower Hedge Counterparties” below, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the 
Borrower Hedging Transactions of that Borrower Hedge Counterparty at such time; and 
(e) 
prior to the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in 
respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and its voting entitlements as described under the 
heading “—Voting in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge

--- Page 197 ---
176 
Counterparties” below, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging 
Transactions of that OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” are comprised of: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class B IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility at such time; and 
(c) 
following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in 
respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and its voting entitlements as described under the 
heading “—Voting in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparties” below, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging 
Transactions of that OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
Certification of amounts of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
Each Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor (acting through its Secured Creditor Representative) must certify to 
the Obligor Security Trustee the relevant amount of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities that it is 
permitted to vote within five Business Days of the date on which either (a) the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors have been notified of a STID Proposal, an Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice, a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or a Direction Notice or (b) the 
Obligor Security Trustee requests such certification, the Outstanding Principal Amount of any Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities held by such Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor. If any Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditor fails to provide such certification through its Secured Creditor Representative within the time 
required, then the Obligor Security Trustee will notify the Holdco Group Agent of such failure. The Holdco 
Group Agent must promptly inform the Obligor Security Trustee of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities of such Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor and such notification will 
be binding on the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors except in the case of manifest error and without 
liability to the Holdco Group Agent. 
Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities for which the Issuer is a Creditor 
As described in the section “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” above, amounts owed to the Issuer by 
the Borrower under the Class A IBLA and the Class B IBLA are included in the Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities and Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities respectively. However, the Issuer Secured 
Creditors, as opposed to the Issuer itself, are entitled to vote in respect of such amounts. When the Class A Note 
Trustee (as the Issuer’s Secured Creditor Representative) casts its votes on the Issuer’s behalf in respect of the 
Class A IBLA, it will do as instructed by the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors (being the Class A Noteholders). 
In the case of paragraphs (a) and (c) of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities summary as set out 
under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” above the Issuer will be divided into separate 
voting tranches comprising respectively: 
(a) 
a tranche for the holders of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes equal to the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, only in relation to: 
(i) 
forming part of the quorum and voting in relation to any resolution as described under the sections 
headed “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” and “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan

--- Page 198 ---
177 
Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” below on of the actions described 
below under “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; and 
(ii) 
having its Qualifying Obligor whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take any Secured 
Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and giving, a Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice only to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
a tranche for each Issuer Hedge Counterparty equal to: 
(A) 
in relation to all Issuer Hedging Transactions arising under an Issuer Hedging Agreement 
in respect of which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Issuer Hedging 
Agreement) has been designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount 
shall be a positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative 
number) the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty as of the date such amount becomes 
payable under the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement (and before taking into account any 
interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent 
that amount is unpaid; plus 
(B) 
in relation to any other Issuer Hedging Transaction to which the Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty is a party, the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such 
amount shall be a positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a 
negative number) such Issuer Hedge Counterparty if the date on which the calculation is 
made were deemed to be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Issuer 
Hedging Agreement) on which that amount, if any, in respect of that termination or close-
out has become due and payable in respect of which the Issuer is the “Defaulting Party” 
(as defined in the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement). 
In respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Issuer Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Issuer Hedging Agreements of such Issuer Hedge Counterparty will be 
counted towards (a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be 
counted for or against any resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of 
a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and 
voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” 
where that Issuer Hedge Counterparty is participating in such resolution or (b) the requisite aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities required to give a Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting of Class A Notes and Class B Notes by Noteholders 
The votes of the Class A Noteholders or Class B Noteholders of each Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes or 
Class B Notes in respect of any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a 
STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched Right as to which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured 
Creditor) will be cast by the Class A Noteholders or Class B Noteholders of such Class or Sub-Class (through 
the relevant Secured Creditor Representative) subject to and as required by the STID and the Class A Note Trust 
Deed or the Class B Note Trust Deed, as applicable, in respect of a Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes or Class 
B Notes and such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice as follows: 
(a) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class A Note or Class 
B Note which voted in favour of the relevant STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further

--- Page 199 ---
178 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice, in favour of such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice both in 
respect of Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority; and 
(b) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class A Note or Class 
B Note which voted against the relevant STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice, against such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction 
Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice both in respect of 
Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority, 
and such votes shall be treated as votes cast in the same amounts in respect of the corresponding outstanding 
principal amount under any Class A IBLA or, as applicable, any Class B IBLA. 
Voting in respect of Borrower Hedging Transactions by Borrower Hedge Counterparties 
In respect of any matter to be determined by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID, 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, each Borrower Hedge Counterparty is only entitled to: 
(a) 
form part of the quorum and vote in relation to any resolution described under the headings “—Quorum 
and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors” and “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” below, on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take 
any of the actions set out under the sub-heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; 
and 
(b) 
have its Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and give, a 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice as described under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instructions” below. 
In relation to any vote by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on whether to instruct the Obligor Security 
Trustee to take any of the actions set out under “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions” below or 
send a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, voting in respect of the Borrower Hedging Transactions will be 
made by each Borrower Hedge Counterparty in respect of: 
(a) 
in relation to all Borrower Hedging Transactions arising under a Borrower Hedging Agreement in respect 
of which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement) has been 
designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive number) or payable 
by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty 
as of the date such amount becomes payable under the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement (and 
before taking into account any interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-
out) to the extent that amount is unpaid; plus 
(b) 
in relation to any other Borrower Hedging Transaction to which the Borrower Hedge Counterparty is a 
party, the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive 
number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) such Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty if the date on which the calculation is made were deemed to be an Early Termination Date 
(as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement) on which that amount, if any, in respect of 
that termination or close-out has become due and payable in respect of which the Borrower is the 
“Defaulting Party” (as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement).

--- Page 200 ---
179 
In respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Borrower Hedging Agreements of such Borrower Hedge Counterparty will be 
counted towards (a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be counted 
for or against any resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and voting 
requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” where that 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty is participating in such resolution or (b) the requisite aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities required to give a Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties 
In respect of any matter to be determined by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID, 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is only entitled 
to: 
(a) 
form part of the quorum and vote in relation to any resolution described under the sections headed “—
Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors” and “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” below, on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take 
any of the actions set out under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; and 
(b) 
have its Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and give, a 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice as described under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instructions” below. 
In relation to any vote by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on whether to instruct the Obligor Security 
Trustee to take any of the actions set out under “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions” below or 
send a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, voting in respect of the Borrower Hedging Transactions will be 
made by each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty in respect of: 
(a) 
in relation to all OCB Secured Hedging Transactions arising under a OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
in respect of which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement) has been designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount shall be a 
positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) the relevant 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty as of the date such amount becomes payable under the relevant OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement (and before taking into account any interest accrued on that amount since 
the date of termination or close-out) to the extent that amount is unpaid; plus 
(b) 
in relation to any other OCB Secured Hedging Transaction to which the OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty is a party, the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such amount shall 
be a positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) such OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty if the date on which the calculation is made were deemed to be an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement) on which that amount, 
if any, in respect of that termination or close-out has become due and payable in respect of which the 
relevant Obligor party to the is the “Defaulting Party” (as defined in the relevant OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement). 
In respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower 
Hedging Transactions arising under the OCB Hedging Agreements of such OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty 
will be counted towards (a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be

--- Page 201 ---
180 
counted for or against any resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and voting 
requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” where that OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty is participating in such resolution or (b) the requisite aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities required to give a Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting of Authorised Credit Facilities (other than PP Notes) 
If, in respect of any Authorised Credit Facility (other than the PP Notes) provided other than on a bilateral basis, 
the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant Authorised Credit Facility: 
(a) 
are met, then all votes in respect of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility and any STID Proposal, 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched 
Right) will be cast either in favour or against such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice (both in respect of Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority) in accordance 
with the voting provisions contained in that Authorised Credit Facility; or 
(b) 
are not met, then votes in respect of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility and any STID Proposal, 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched 
Right) will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a pound for pound basis 
in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities then owed to Participating Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditors that vote on such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice (both in respect of Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority) within any applicable 
Decision Period. Votes cast in favour and votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Obligor 
Security Trustee with the votes cast for and against by the other Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Voting of PP Notes 
Each PP Note Secured Creditor Representative appointed in connection with the issuance of any PP Notes must 
notify the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of its appointment whether: 
(a) 
the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant PP Note SCR Agreement; or 
(b) 
the regime set out in paragraph (b) under the heading “—Voting of Authorised Credit Facilities (other 
than PP Notes)” above, 
will apply when determining the quorum requirements and/or votes cast in respect of the relevant PP Notes for 
any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice 
or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an 
Entrenched Right) has been satisfied. 
If the relevant PP Note Secured Creditor Representative does not notify the Obligor Security Trustee at the time 
of its appointment whether paragraph (a) or (b) under this section applies, it shall be deemed to have elected 
that paragraph (b) applies. 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions 
In respect of any matter which is not the subject of a STID Proposal or an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice and except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors with at least 20% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all

--- Page 202 ---
181 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities may instruct the Obligor Security Trustee (subject to providing the 
required indemnity pursuant to the STID) to exercise any of the rights granted to the Obligor Security Trustee 
under the Common Documents (save in respect of the taking of Enforcement Action or the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice) including: 
(a) 
to challenge a statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) in a Compliance Certificate and to call for other 
substantiating evidence of such statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) and to approve the appointment 
of an independent expert specified by such Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors to investigate the 
statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) that is/are the subject of the challenge in the Compliance 
Certificate; 
(b) 
to request further information pursuant to and subject to the terms of the CTA in respect of, inter alia, 
the Security Group covenants and Trigger Events; and 
(c) 
to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice. 
Modifications, Consents and Waivers—Finance Documents 
Senior Finance Documents 
Subject to the undertakings given by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Obligors pursuant to the STID, each 
party to any Senior Finance Document (which is not a Common Document) (each, a “Relevant Senior Finance 
Document”) may agree to any modification to, give its consent under or grant any waiver in respect of any 
breaches or proposed breaches under, any Relevant Senior Finance Document to which it is a party without the 
consent of the parties to the STID provided that (except in respect of any modification provided for in the 
Mandate and Syndication Letter): 
(a) 
if such modification, consent or waiver is inconsistent with any provisions of the CTA or the STID, the 
provision of the CTA or the STID shall prevail; and 
(b) 
if such modification, consent or waiver: 
(i) 
would have the effect of: 
(A) 
increasing the frequency of payments due (including in relation to any repayment or 
prepayment (mandatory or otherwise)) or change the circumstances in which interest 
and/or principal becomes due and payable; 
(B) 
increasing the amount or rate of interest or fees payable; or 
(C) 
increasing the amount of principal due or payable, under such Relevant Senior Finance 
Document; or 
(ii) 
would have the effect of changing the definition of Final Maturity Date (or maturity date, however 
defined) or any termination event applicable to that Relevant Senior Finance Document; or 
(iii) 
changes the currency of any payment obligation under that Relevant Senior Finance Document 
(excluding any change occasioned as a consequence of the euro being adopted as the lawful 
currency of the UK), 
then that modification, consent or waiver (a “Class A Relevant Matter”) will only be permitted if the 
requirements set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” in the 
MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class A Relevant Matter) are satisfied, provided that if the effect 
of the Class A Relevant Matter results in incremental Financial Indebtedness or commitments in respect 
of Financial Indebtedness being incurred (in each case in excess of such amounts at that time), it will

--- Page 203 ---
182 
only be permitted if the requirements set out in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Additional Financial 
Indebtedness” in the MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class A Relevant Matter) are satisfied. 
Junior Finance Documents 
Subject to the undertakings given by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Obligors pursuant to the STID, each 
party to any Junior Finance Document (which is not a Common Document) (each, a “Relevant Junior Finance 
Document”) may agree to any modification to, give its consent under or grant any waiver in respect of any 
breaches or proposed breaches under, any Relevant Junior Finance Document to which it is a party without the 
consent of the parties to the STID provided that: 
(a) 
if such modification, consent or waiver is inconsistent with any provisions of the CTA or the STID, the 
provision of the CTA or the STID shall prevail; and 
(b) 
if such modification, consent or waiver: 
(i) 
would have the effect of: 
(A) 
increasing the frequency of payments due (including in relation to any repayment or 
prepayment (mandatory or otherwise)) or change the circumstances in which interest 
and/or principal becomes due and payable; 
(B) 
increasing the amount or rate of interest or fees payable; or 
(C) 
increasing the amount of principal due or payable, under such Relevant Junior Finance 
Document; or 
(ii) 
would have the effect of changing the definition of Final Maturity Date (or maturity date, however 
defined) or any termination event applicable to that Relevant Junior Finance Document; or 
(iii) 
changes the currency of any payment obligation under that Relevant Junior Finance Document 
(excluding any change occasioned as a consequence of the euro being adopted as the lawful 
currency of the UK), 
in each case, at any time before the repayment in full or any acceleration of the Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities, then that modification, consent or waiver (a “Class B Relevant Matter”) will only be 
permitted if the requirements set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Additional Financial 
Indebtedness” in the MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class B Relevant Matter) are satisfied, 
provided that if the effect of the Class B Relevant Matter results in incremental Financial Indebtedness 
or commitments in respect of Financial Indebtedness being incurred (in each case in excess of such 
amounts at that time), it will only be permitted if the requirements set out in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” in the MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class B 
Relevant Matter) are satisfied. 
Modifications, consents and waivers—Topco Transaction Documents 
If requested by Topco, the Obligor Security Trustee in its sole discretion may concur with Topco, in making 
any amendment to, give any consent under, or grant any waiver in respect of any breach or proposed breach of 
any Topco Transaction Document (which is not a Common Document) to which it is a party, if in the opinion 
of the Obligor Security Trustee it is required to correct any manifest error, or an error in respect of which an 
English court could reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor or 
administrative or technical nature or not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Topco Secured Creditors. 
Save as described above, no proposed modification to be made, consent to be given or waiver to be granted in 
respect of any breach of any Topco Transaction Document (which is not a Common Document) shall be made,

--- Page 204 ---
183 
given, or granted unless and until (a) the Secured Creditor Representative of each Topco Secured Creditor has 
provided its consent to such amendment, consent or waiver, as applicable; and (b) if such amendments, consent 
or waiver relates to a covenant, undertaking or provision contained in the applicable Topco Transaction 
Document (which is not a Common Document) given for the benefit of the Obligor Secured Creditors, the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (acting through their Secured Creditor Representative) have consented 
to such amendment, consent or waiver in accordance with the STID. 
Enforcement of Obligor Security 
Notification of CTA Events of Default 
If any Obligor or any Obligor Secured Creditor (other than the Obligor Security Trustee) becomes aware of the 
occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, it must forthwith notify the Obligor Security Trustee and the Holdco 
Group Agent in writing and the Obligor Security Trustee must promptly thereafter notify the Secured Creditor 
Representatives on behalf of the Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions 
At any time the Obligor Security Trustee has actual notice of the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, the 
Obligor Security Trustee shall promptly request by notice (“Enforcement Instruction Notice”) an instruction 
in the form of a resolution from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors through their Secured Creditor 
Representatives, as to whether the Obligor Security Trustee should: 
(a) 
deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice to enforce all or any part of the Obligor Security and take any 
Enforcement Action (excluding those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of 
Enforcement Action, which relate to accelerating the Obligor Secured Liabilities and initiating certain 
proceedings, for example, to liquidate an Obligor); and/or 
(b) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal; and/or 
(c) 
deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and take any 
Enforcement Action (including those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of 
Enforcement Action). 
At any time following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled 
to request (and, if requested to do so pursuant to a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, shall 
promptly request) by notice (a “Further Enforcement Instruction Notice”) an instruction in the form of a 
resolution from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) as 
to whether the Obligor Security Trustee should, to the extent not already instructed to do so, take any of the 
actions described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of the paragraph above. 
There are separate quorum and voting regimes under the STID depending on the type of action described in 
sub- paragraphs (a) to (c) directly above, as described in more detail below. 
Quorum and Voting Requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice Etc—Obligor Senior 
Secured Creditors 
The quorum and voting requirements described below will apply in respect of a resolution to instruct the Obligor 
Security Trustee as to whether it should: 
(a) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal (excluding the disposal of a Permitted Business or any 
shares in any member of the Holdco Group); and/or 
(b) 
deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice and take any Enforcement Action (excluding those actions described 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of Enforcement Action).

--- Page 205 ---
184 
When voting on such a resolution following the request from the Obligor Security Trustee by way of an 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice: 
(a) 
the quorum requirement shall be one or more Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors representing, in 
aggregate, at least the Relevant Percentage of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities, where “Relevant Percentage” for the purposes of this 
paragraph (a) means (i) 40% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice delivered up to and including the date falling six months after the occurrence of the 
CTA Event of Default; (ii) 33.33% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered during the period following the date falling six months after 
the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default up to and including the date falling twelve months after the 
occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; or (iii) 10% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice 
or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered at any time following the date falling twelve months 
after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; 
(b) 
the Decision Period will be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Enforcement Instruction Notice or 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; and 
(c) 
the majority required to pass the resolution shall be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors participating 
in the resolution on a pound for pound basis representing at least the “Relevant Percentage” of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities actually voted, where 
“Relevant Percentage” for purposes of this paragraph (c) means (i) 66.67% in respect of any 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered up to and including 
the date falling six months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; (ii) 50% in respect of any 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered during the period 
following the date falling six months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default up to and 
including the date falling twelve months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; or (iii) 20% 
in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered 
at any time following the date falling twelve months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default. 
Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior 
Secured Creditors 
The quorum and voting requirements described below under this heading “—Quorum and voting requirements 
in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” will apply in respect of an 
instruction to the Obligor Security Trustee as to whether it should: 
(a) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and any shares in any member of 
the Holdco Group; and/or 
(b) 
deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and take any 
Enforcement Action (including those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of 
Enforcement Action). 
When voting on such a resolution following the request from the Obligor Security Trustee by way of an 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice: 
(i) 
the Decision Period will be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Enforcement Instruction 
Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; and 
(ii) 
the resolution must be approved by each applicable Instructing Group, as described below. 
The applicable voting regime under the STID in respect of the enforcement actions described under this heading 
“—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured

--- Page 206 ---
185 
Creditors” will depend on the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs at the relevant 
time, which in turn depends on the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class A Notes at such time. 
Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is less than or equal to £1,250.0 million 
If at the time of delivery (the “Relevant Time”) by the Obligor Security Trustee of an Enforcement Instruction 
Notice or, as applicable, a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount 
under all Class A IBLAs is greater than zero but less than or equal to £1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent 
Amount), then any resolution to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to carry out the enforcement actions 
described in this section “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” must be approved by each of the Bank Instructing Group and the Note 
Instructing Group, where: 
(a) 
in respect of the Bank Instructing Group: 
(i) 
there shall be no quorum requirement in respect of any vote cast for or against the resolution by 
the Bank Instructing Group; and 
(ii) 
the majority required to pass the resolution will be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors 
forming part of the Bank Instructing Group representing, in aggregate, at least 66.67% of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities as at the Relevant 
Time owing to the Bank Instructing Group; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Note Instructing Group, the resolution must be approved in accordance with the Class 
A Note Trust Deed which will result in the Secured Creditor Representative of the Issuer under any Class 
A IBLA having been itself instructed by the Class A Noteholders in the form of a resolution passed in 
accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed (“Noteholder Instruction Resolution”), where: 
(i) 
the quorum requirement in respect of the Noteholder Instruction Resolution will be one or more 
Class A Noteholders representing, in aggregate, at least the Relevant Note Instructing Percentage 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes; and 
(ii) 
the majority required to pass the Noteholder Instruction Resolution will be the Class A 
Noteholders participating in the Noteholder Instruction Resolution on a pound for pound basis 
representing at least the Relevant Note Instructing Percentage of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Class A Notes actually voted by the Class A Noteholders, provided that such Class 
A Noteholders also represent more than 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
all Class A Notes, 
where “Relevant Note Instructing Percentage” means, if the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount 
under all Class A IBLAs at the Relevant Time: 
(A) 
is greater than zero but less than or equal to £750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), 
75%; or 
(B) 
is greater than £750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount) but less than or equal to 
£1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount): 
(I) 
in relation to paragraph (b)(i) directly above, any percentage in excess of 50%; and 
(II) 
in relation to paragraph (b)(ii) directly above, 75% 
Alternatively, a Noteholder Instruction Resolution may be passed in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of Class A Notes of not less than 75% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Class A Notes in accordance with Class A Condition 14.

--- Page 207 ---
186 
Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is greater than £1,250.0 million 
If at the Relevant Time the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is greater than 
£1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), then any resolution to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to 
carry out the enforcement actions described in this section “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a 
Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” must be approved by the Class A Instructing 
Group, where: 
(a) 
the quorum requirement shall be one or more Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors representing, in 
aggregate, at least the Relevant Class A Percentage of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
all Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities; and 
(b) 
the majority required to pass the resolution shall be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors participating 
in the resolution on a pound for pound basis representing at least the Relevant Class A Percentage of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities actually voted by the 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors (provided that the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors voting in 
favour of the resolution must include the Issuer acting through its Secured Creditor Representative under 
each Class A IBLA having been itself instructed by the Class A Noteholders pursuant to a Noteholder 
Instruction Resolution (i) where, in relation to that Noteholder Instruction Resolution, the quorum, 
voting majority and participation requirements (including that Class A Noteholders voting in favour of 
the Noteholder Instruction Resolution represent more than 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Class A Notes) are determined in accordance with the Noteholder Instruction 
Resolution requirements described under “—Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is 
less than or equal to £1,250.0 million” above and the Relevant Note Instructing Percentage is determined 
in accordance with paragraphs (B) (I) and (II) of that definition above) or (ii) passed pursuant to a written 
resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of Class A Notes of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes in accordance with Class A Condition 14). 
where “Relevant Class A Percentage” means, if the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class 
A IBLAs at the Relevant Time: 
(i) 
is greater than £1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount) but less than or equal to £1,750.0 
million, 75%; or 
(ii) 
is greater than £1,750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), 50% 
Loan Enforcement Notice 
After delivery to the Holdco Group Agent on behalf of the Obligors of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the whole 
of the Obligor Security will become enforceable and the Obligor Security Trustee will if directed to do so in 
accordance with a resolution as described above under the headings “—Quorum and voting requirements in 
respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Secured Creditors” or “—Quorum voting requirements in 
respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Secured Creditors” take any Enforcement Action as it is so 
directed, which may include: 
(a) 
enforcing all or any part of the Obligor Security (at the times, in the manner and on the terms as it is so 
directed) and taking possession of and holding or disposing of all or any part of the Obligor Secured 
Property; 
(b) 
instituting such proceedings against any Obligor and taking such action as it is so directed to enforce all 
or any part of the Obligor Security; 
(c) 
appointing or removing any Receiver; and/or

--- Page 208 ---
187 
(d) 
whether or not it has appointed a Receiver, exercising all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions 
conferred by the Law of Property Act 1925 (as varied or extended by the STID or any Obligor Security 
Document) on mortgagees and by the STID and the Obligor Security Documents on any Receiver or 
otherwise conferred by law on mortgagees or Receivers. 
Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice 
Subject to certain matters and to certain exceptions, following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice but 
prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, any Available Enforcement Proceeds or other monies held 
by the Obligor Security Trustee under the STID will be applied by the Obligor Security Trustee (or the Cash 
Manager acting on the instructions of the Obligor Security Trustee) in accordance with the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. See “—Obligor Pre- Acceleration Priority of Payments” for a detailed 
description. 
Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice 
Upon the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, all Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be accelerated in full. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Obligor Secured Liabilities (other than as a result of a Permitted Hedge 
Termination) may be accelerated other than by delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice. 
Subject to certain matters and to certain exceptions, following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, any 
Available Enforcement Proceeds or other monies held by the Obligor Security Trustee under the STID will be 
applied by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
waterfall. See “—Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments” for a detailed description. 
General Provisions applicable to Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice 
Each party to the STID agrees that, following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice: 
(a) 
if an amount referred to in the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments constitutes Obligor 
Secured Liabilities, the amount so referred to shall be deemed to include any amount payable by any 
other Obligor under the guarantees in respect of such amount; and 
(b) 
if there are insufficient funds to discharge in full amounts due and payable in respect of an item and any 
other item(s) ranking pari passu with such item in the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
all items which rank pari passu with each other shall be discharged to the extent there are sufficient 
funds to do so and on a pro rata basis, according to the respective amounts thereof. 
Distressed Disposals 
If a Distressed Disposal is being effected pursuant to an instruction contained in a resolution (a “Distressed 
Disposal Resolution”) passed as described under the headings “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect 
of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or “—Quorum and voting requirements 
in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” above or pursuant to the 
exercise of any discretion of a Receiver (or any administrator in respect of any Obligor incorporated in a 
jurisdiction other than England and Wales) as described under this section “—Distressed Disposals”, subject to 
the paragraph “—Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding” below, the Obligor 
Security Trustee is irrevocably authorised and instructed subject, if applicable, as provided in the relevant 
Distressed Disposal Resolution, without any additional consent from any Obligor Secured Creditor, to, among 
other things, release any Obligor Security and dispose of all or any part of the Obligor Secured Liabilities as is 
required to effect the disposal in accordance with the STID. 
The net proceeds of each Distressed Disposal must be paid to the Obligor Security Trustee for application:

--- Page 209 ---
188 
(a) 
if the Distressed Disposal was approved pursuant to a Distressed Disposal Resolution passed in the 
manner described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice 
etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors”, in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments (notwithstanding that a Loan Acceleration Notice may not have been served, in which case 
the relevant Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be deemed to be accelerated to the extent of such net 
proceeds to be applied in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments); or 
(b) 
in each other case, in accordance with the applicable Obligor Priorities of Payments and the STID, 
and, to the extent that any transfer of Obligor Secured Liabilities owed by an Obligor has occurred as described 
in this section “—Distressed Disposals”, as if that transfer of Obligor Secured Liabilities owed by an Obligor 
had not occurred. 
Regardless of whether a Distressed Disposal Resolution has been passed, any Receiver appointed to an Obligor 
(or any administrator appointed to an Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales) will, 
subject to the paragraph “—Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding” below, have 
the full right, power and discretion to undertake any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and any shares 
in any member of the Holdco Group at any time, provided that the net proceeds realised from such Distressed 
Disposal and any associated transactions undertaken pursuant to the Distressed Disposal would be an aggregate 
amount equal to or in excess of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities then outstanding together with any make-
whole amount or prepayment fees payable as a result of a prepayment or repayment of such Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities, with such amounts to be applied in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments (notwithstanding that a Loan Acceleration Notice may not have been served, in which case the 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments shall be construed as if the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
had been accelerated in full) for the benefit Obligor Senior Secured Creditors and, to the extent that any disposal 
of Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities has occurred as described in this section “—Distressed Disposals”, as if 
that disposal had not occurred. 
Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding 
If the Obligor Security Trustee has delivered either a Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice 
to the Holdco Group Agent or if a Distressed Disposal is being effected (including prior to the delivery of a 
Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice) and, in each case, at such time there are both Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities and Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding, then, subject to the paragraph 
“—Obligor Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales Process” below, the Obligor Security Trustee shall (or 
shall procure that any agent, receiver or delegate appointed to act on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee 
pursuant to the STID will) comply with the following conditions: 
(a) 
before any disposal or series of disposals of any Obligor Secured Property of an aggregate value more 
than £10.0 million, the Obligor Security Trustee shall procure the provision to the Class B Note Trustee 
(for the benefit of itself and the Class B Noteholders) and any Class B Authorised Credit Provider (other 
than the Issuer under any Class B IBLA) of a Fairness Opinion (having asked at least three potential 
Financial Advisers for a quote in respect of the costs for the provision thereof); 
(b) 
such Fairness Opinion must be delivered to each Secured Creditor Representative in respect of any Class 
B Authorised Credit Facility at least two weeks before the proposed disposal; 
(c) 
subject to and in accordance with the paragraph “—Obligor Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales 
Process” below, the Obligor Security Trustee shall be responsible for commissioning any Fairness 
Opinion; 
(d) 
no Secured Creditor Representative in respect of any Class B Authorised Credit Facility or Class B 
Authorised Credit Provider shall be entitled to raise any objections to any Fairness Opinion delivered by

--- Page 210 ---
189 
the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with paragraph (b) (“—Acceleration and Enforcement—
Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities Outstanding”) above; and 
(e) 
the cost of commissioning any Fairness Opinion shall be for the account of the Obligor Security Trustee 
and such cost shall be paid as an expense of the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the 
applicable Obligor Priorities of Payments, except that if the cost is more than £500,000 (excluding VAT), 
then: 
(i) 
the excess cost shall be for the account of the Class B Noteholders and any Class B Authorised 
Credit Provider other than the Issuer under any Class B IBLA (on a pro rata basis by reference 
to the Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities owing to such persons or, in the case of the Class B 
Noteholders, owing to the Issuer under any Class B IBLA), provided that: 
(A) 
where one of the potential Financial Advisers offered to produce a Fairness Opinion for 
less than £500,000 (excluding VAT) but Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors (acting through their respective Secured Creditor Representatives) representing 
more than 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities direct the Obligor Security Trustee to select another Financial Adviser 
whose fees for providing the opinion are in excess of £500,000, all such fees shall be paid 
as an expense of the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Obligor 
Priorities of Payments (and not specifically for the account of the Class B Noteholders 
and the Class B Authorised Credit Providers); and 
(B) 
if more than one potential Financial Adviser provides a quote and all the quotes provided 
are in excess of £500,000 (excluding VAT), the Class B Noteholders and any Class B 
Authorised Credit Provider (other than the Issuer under any Class B IBLA) will be 
required to pay for all fees in excess of £500,000 (on a pro rata basis by reference to the 
Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities owing to such persons or, in the case of the Class B 
Noteholders, owing to the Issuer under any Class B IBLA) save where Participating 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (acting through their respective Secured Creditor 
Representatives) representing more than 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities direct the Obligor Security Trustee 
to select a Financial Adviser which has provided a quote which is higher than another 
quote provided, in which case the excess of such fees over the lowest quote shall be paid 
as an expense of the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Obligor 
Priorities of Payments (and not specifically for the account of the Class B Noteholders 
and the Class B Authorised Credit Providers); and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall not be obliged to commission any Fairness Opinion unless it 
is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in respect of any Liabilities 
incurred by it in connection with commissioning such Fairness Opinion. 
Obligor Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales Process 
If the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(a) 
is unable to appoint a Financial Adviser when requested or unable to obtain a Fairness Opinion within 
20 Business Days of attempting to do so (including due to the Obligor Security Trustee not being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction); or 
(b) 
is notified in writing by each Secured Creditor Representative in respect of each Class B Authorised 
Credit Facility that it does not require the procurement of a Fairness Opinion; or

--- Page 211 ---
190 
(c) 
intends to dispose of the assets for a value that is less than the proposed consideration specified in respect 
of such assets in a Fairness Opinion, 
then: 
(i) 
subject to applicable law, the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver will take reasonable care 
to dispose of the relevant assets through a competitive marketing and sales process typical for 
such type of assets with a view to obtaining a fair market price in the prevailing market conditions 
(though the Obligor Security Trustee shall have no obligation to postpone any such disposal) 
(“Sales Process”) and will be entitled to appoint any investment bank, accounting firm or any 
other third-party professional organisation of international standing engaged in the marketing and 
sale of businesses and assets, to advise the Obligor Security Trustee or the Receiver in relation to 
such disposal; and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver will be entitled to dispose of the assets under and in 
accordance with the Sales Process (including, at a value less than that stated in any Fairness 
Opinion), provided that if there is more than one party willing to acquire the assets, then the 
Obligor Security Trustee or the Receiver will be required to accept the highest executable offer. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will not be liable to any person if it is unable to appoint a Financial Adviser when 
requested or unable to obtain a Fairness Opinion. 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Subject to the paragraphs below entitled “—Voluntary and mandatory permitted prepayments” to “—Deemed 
Available Enforcement Proceeds” (inclusive) and except where expressly provided elsewhere in the STID: 
(a) 
each Obligor Secured Creditor agrees and each of the Obligors and the Obligor Security Trustee 
acknowledges that each Obligor Secured Creditor’s claims in respect of any Obligor Secured Liabilities 
owing to it will, prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, rank in right and priority of payment 
according to the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
on each Loan Interest Payment Date prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, the Cash 
Manager shall instruct: 
(i) 
the Borrower Account Bank to withdraw amounts from: 
(A) 
the Debt Service Payment Account; and 
(B) 
if Excess Cashflow or Projected Excess Cashflow is required to be applied in accordance 
with Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the Excess Cashflow 
Account; and 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the account banks at which any Obligor 
Operating Accounts and any Designated Accounts (excluding the Defeasance Account, the 
Mandatory Prepayment Account and the Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account) are 
maintained to withdraw amounts from such accounts, 
in each case, to be applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments. 
Voluntary and mandatory permitted prepayments 
The Borrower is permitted to make voluntary prepayments under any Authorised Credit Facility in accordance 
with the terms thereof irrespective of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments, provided that:

--- Page 212 ---
191 
(a) 
the Borrower is not otherwise prohibited from making such voluntary prepayments at that time pursuant 
to the terms of the Finance Documents, the CTA and/or the STID and/or the Finance Documents to the 
extent that the provisions of such Finance Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the 
CTA and/or the STID; 
(b) 
no CTA Event of Default or, in relation to any voluntary prepayment under any Class B Authorised 
Credit Facility, Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, provided that this paragraph (b) will not 
apply to the extent the Borrower is prepaying a Class B Authorised Credit Facility with the proceeds of 
an Investor Funding Loan made by any Subordinated Investor to Holdco; and 
(c) 
the Cash Manager (acting reasonably) is satisfied that there will be sufficient available amounts in the 
Debt Service Payment Account, the Obligor Operating Accounts or, as the case may be, the Excess 
Cashflow Account to be withdrawn and applied on the immediately succeeding Loan Interest Payment 
Date in order to satisfy all payments scheduled to be due and payable on that date in accordance with 
the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
The Borrower is permitted to make mandatory prepayments under any Authorised Credit Facility in accordance 
with the terms thereof irrespective of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments (a) in the event that it 
becomes unlawful for an Authorised Credit Provider to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the 
relevant Authorised Credit Facility or to fund or maintain the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; or (b) if such 
mandatory prepayment is not otherwise expressly prohibited by the STID, the CTA or the applicable Finance 
Documents. 
Working Capital Facility Agreement, Senior Term Facility Agreement and Liquidity Facility Agreement 
permitted payments 
Prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event, if an interest payment date (“Facility Interest Payment Date”) 
under any Working Capital Facility Agreement, the Senior Term Facility Agreement (or any Additional 
Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower to refinance the Senior Term Facility Agreement) or any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement (each, a “Relevant Facility”) does not fall on the same day as a Loan Interest 
Payment Date the payment of any amounts due on that Facility Interest Payment Date in accordance with the 
Relevant Facility will be permitted irrespective of whether it coincides with a Loan Interest Payment Date. 
If a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing as at the last day of an interest period under any Relevant 
Facility, the Borrower must ensure that the immediately succeeding interest period and each interest period 
thereafter under any Relevant Facility (for so long as a Trigger Event is continuing) shall end on a day that is a 
Loan Interest Payment Date and any interest under each Relevant Facility will be payable in accordance with 
and subject to the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
OCB Secured Hedging Transactions 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each relevant Obligor which is party to an OCB Secured 
Hedging Transaction may make payments when due on the applicable payment date (each such payment date 
a “OCB Secured Hedge Payment Date”) in accordance with the terms of that OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction irrespective of whether the OCB Secured Hedge Payment Date coincides with a Loan Interest 
Payment Date. 
Upon the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice: 
(a) 
the parties to each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction agree in the STID that the terms of each OCB 
Secured Hedging Transaction to which they are a party will be deemed to be amended so that each OCB 
Secured Hedge Payment Date thereunder coincides with each Loan Interest Payment Date thereafter; 
and

--- Page 213 ---
192 
(b) 
any amounts payable by the relevant Obligor under each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction will be 
payable in accordance with and subject to the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or, if a 
Loan Acceleration Notice has been served, the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
Prepayment of the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities—Topco Transaction Documents 
If and to the extent the Borrower receives funds from any person or persons that have acquired (or intend to 
acquire) the Topco Secured Property pursuant to the Topco Payment Undertaking or any other Topco 
Transaction Document (including, as a result of the enforcement of the Topco Security following the occurrence 
of a Share Enforcement Event or otherwise) and the Borrower receives such funds for the express purpose of 
enabling the Borrower to prepay amounts outstanding under each Class B Authorised Credit Facility, then such 
specified funds will be applied by the Borrower to prepay pro rata and pari passu each Class B Authorised 
Credit Facility in accordance with the terms thereof (after all costs, fees and expenses of the Obligor Security 
Trustee and any Receiver in relation to the enforcement of the Topco Security have been discharged in full) and 
such funds will not be applied in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or the 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds 
Following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default which is continuing but prior to the delivery of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice, irrespective of whether a Loan Enforcement Notice has been delivered by the Obligor 
Security Trustee, if any Obligor, at the request, instruction, or with the agreement, of the Obligor Security 
Trustee disposes of any of its assets subject to the Obligor Security where such disposal is made as an alternative 
to the Obligor Security Trustee taking Enforcement Action pursuant to the STID and the Obligor Security 
Documents, the proceeds of that disposal received by the relevant Obligor (“Deemed Available Enforcement 
Proceeds”) will be immediately applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with Part A of the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments but on the basis that paragraph 4 of the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments (which relates to the Secured Pensions Liabilities) is deemed to be interposed between the existing 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments for the purpose of such application. 
Any Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds applied in accordance with the above paragraph shall discharge 
the AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities and AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities respectively in an amount 
equal to the pro rata share of such Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds received by the AA UK Pension 
Trustee and the AA Ireland Pension Trustee. 
The provisions described in this section “—Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds” shall continue to apply 
(a) in respect of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, if the AA Ireland Pension Trustee has ceased to be an Obligor 
Secured Creditor following the discharge of all AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities; and (b) in respect of 
the AA UK Pension Trustee, if the AA UK Pension Trustee has ceased to be an Obligor Secured Creditor 
following the discharge of all AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities or because the ABF Implementation Date 
has occurred. 
Part A—Obligor Operating Accounts and certain Designated Account 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, on each Loan Interest 
Payment Date (except in respect of paragraph 6 of this Part A below, which shall apply on the Loan Interest 
Payment Date falling in January of each year only) the Cash Manager shall instruct (a) the Borrower Account 
Bank to withdraw amounts from the Debt Service Payment Account and (b) following the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice, the account banks at which any Obligor Operating Accounts and any Designated Accounts 
(excluding the Defeasance Account, the Mandatory Prepayment Account, any Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Standby Account and the Excess Cashflow Account) are maintained to withdraw amounts from such accounts, 
in each case, to be applied by the Cash Manager in or towards paying or providing for the payment of the 
following amounts (including, in each case, where applicable in accordance with the relevant contractual

--- Page 214 ---
193 
provisions, any amount of or in respect of VAT) in accordance with the applicable order of priority as follows, 
without double counting: 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest 
on any of the foregoing) due and payable by any Obligor to the Obligor Security Trustee or any 
Receiver under any Transaction Document; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the First Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including 
interest on any of the foregoing) of the Issuer Security Trustee and each Note Trustee under any 
Issuer Transaction Document; 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Borrower 
Account Bank incurred under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the Second Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of: 
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider incurred under the Issuer Jersey Corporate 
Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Agents incurred under any Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Cash Manager incurred under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; and 
(vi) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency; 
3. 
third, to the Issuer by way of the Third Facility Fee: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than 
those creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due 
and payable to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise 
specifically provided for in this priority of payments) prior to the next Loan Interest Payment 
Date, which amounts have been incurred without breach by the Issuer of the Issuer Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided elsewhere in this 
priority of payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes and the 
Class B Notes are listed (or any other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and

--- Page 215 ---
194 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of 
the Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount); 
4. 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fourth Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, 
charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due 
and payable by the Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent 
under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable 
by the Issuer); and 
(b) 
all amounts due and payable by any Obligor in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, 
other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility 
Provider and Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable to such Liquidity Facility Provider and 
Liquidity Facility Agent under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated 
Liquidity Amounts payable by the Borrower); 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Facility 
Agent due and payable under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity 
Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all amounts of interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and 
expenses of each Class A Authorised Credit Provider (except in relation to principal) due and 
payable under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any 
Hedging Agreement); 
(c) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, 
termination payments, and final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable 
to: 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; and 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(d) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower), all scheduled amounts (other than principal 
exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, termination payments, and final exchange payments 
on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer 
Hedging Agreement; 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts required to be deposited into the Maintenance Capex 
Reserve Account pursuant to the CTA; 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
all scheduled instalment amounts of principal (excluding any bullet amount payable on the Final 
Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised Credit Facility) due and payable under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement);

--- Page 216 ---
195 
(b) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to 
rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts on cross-currency 
swaps, final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and 
payable to: 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; and 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower), all termination payments (excluding 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of “Optional Early Termination” 
or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or any replacement 
thereof), principal exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, final exchange payments on 
cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
8. 
eighth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on or prior to the Final Maturity Date in respect of the 
relevant Class B Authorised Credit Facility and provided no Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing 
(excluding a Trigger Event resulting from the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), all amounts of 
interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (except in relation 
to principal) due and payable under the relevant Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
9. 
ninth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, in 
or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of all amounts of principal and any Make-Whole 
Amount due and payable under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility; and 
10. 
tenth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following a Qualifying Public Offering, in or 
towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; 
(b) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any Borrower Hedging 
Agreement; 
(c) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and 
payable by any Obligor under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(d) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement, 
provided that this paragraph 10 will not apply if any amounts remain outstanding under any Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility on or following its Final Maturity Date, a Trigger Event subsists on 
the Loan Interest Payment Date or the Loan Interest Payment Date falls during a period in which 
Excess Cashflow is required to be credited to the TAAL Migration Condition Account in 
accordance with the CTA.

--- Page 217 ---
196 
Part B—Excess Cashflow 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, on each Loan Interest 
Payment Date falling (in respect of paragraphs 3 and 4 of this Part B below only) in January or July and (in 
respect of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Part B below only) in July of each year (each such date being a “relevant 
Loan Interest Payment Date”), to the extent any of the below paragraphs are applicable on the relevant Loan 
Interest Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall instruct the Borrower Account Bank to withdraw amounts from 
the Excess Cashflow Account (and, in respect of paragraph 3(a) of this Part B below, the Defeasance Account) 
to be applied by the Cash Manager in or towards paying or providing for the payment of the following amounts 
in accordance with the applicable order of priority as follows, without double counting: 
Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering 
1. 
subject to paragraphs 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment 
Date”) to 4 (“—Application of funds following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities remain outstanding”) below, if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date is a Cash Sweep 
Payment Date falling prior to a Qualifying Public Offering, in accordance with the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, in respect of each Class A Authorised Credit Facility that had specified the preceding 
Financial Year as a Bank Debt Sweep Period, the Required Sweep Percentage applicable to that 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility of Excess Cashflow for that Financial Year in or towards 
prepaying the outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, 
provided that if: 
(i) 
the Required Sweep Percentage (applicable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility) is 
100% and break costs under any Hedging Transaction associated with that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility will be payable as a result of such prepayment (“Associated 
Break Costs”); or 
(ii) 
the Required Sweep Percentage (applicable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility) is 
less than 100% but the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the relevant Bank Debt Sweep 
Period to be applied in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) below towards paying the 
Associated Break Costs would be insufficient to pay such amounts, 
then the amount of Excess Cashflow required to be applied in prepayment of that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility under this paragraph (a) will be reduced by an amount required to 
enable the Associated Break Costs to be satisfied and such amount shall be applied in satisfaction 
of paying those Associated Break Costs; and 
(b) 
second, the remainder of Excess Cashflow in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of any Associated Break Costs 
(to the extent not paid under paragraph (a) above); 
(ii) 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(A) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(B) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any 
Borrower Hedging Agreement; and

--- Page 218 ---
197 
(C) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts due and payable by any Obligor under any OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement; 
(D) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(I) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; and 
(II) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any 
Issuer Hedging Agreement; and 
(iii) 
third, to the Borrower and/or any Obligor in or towards any purpose not restricted by the 
terms of the Finance Documents; 
Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date 
2. 
subject to paragraphs 3 (“—Application of funds on a Final Maturity Date”) and 4 (“—Application of 
funds following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured Liabilities remain outstanding”) 
below, if a Trigger Event is subsisting on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date then paragraph 1 (“—
Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering”) will not apply 
and 100% of Excess Cashflow for the most recent Financial Year shall be applied in accordance with the 
following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(i) 
prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) 
which bears interest at a floating rate less an amount which is required to pay the 
Associated Break Costs relating to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, which amount 
shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of those Associated Break Costs; and 
(ii) 
the defeasance on a pro rata basis of the outstanding principal amount under each Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging 
Agreement) which bears interest at a fixed rate by depositing the relevant amounts into 
the Defeasance Account up to the outstanding principal amount under any such fixed rate 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (provided that if the Trigger Event(s) subsisting on the 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date was not a CTA Event of Default the Cash Manager 
(on the Borrower’s behalf) will be entitled to withdraw such amounts deposited to the 
Defeasance Account in accordance with this paragraph (a)(ii) and apply such amounts 
towards a Defeased Cash Note Purchase); and 
(b) 
second, the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the most recent Financial Year in accordance with 
the order of priority set out in paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep 
Period applies or not); and 
(c) 
third, the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the most recent Financial Year in accordance with 
paragraph 1(b)(iii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not); 
Application of funds on a Final Maturity Date 
3. 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on the Final Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility), then paragraphs 1 (“—Payments in respect of a Bank 
Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering”) and 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event 
subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date”) will not apply and the following will apply:

--- Page 219 ---
198 
(a) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account referable to that maturing Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility shall be applied in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of 
repaying the outstanding principal amount under that maturing Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
and any Associated Break Costs, provided that where there is more than one Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility) maturing on that Final Maturity Date, to the 
extent the Class A Authorised Credit Providers under any other such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility are also entitled to such amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account, then 
all such amounts shall instead be applied in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of 
each relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility (as reduced by an amount equal to any 
Associated Break Costs related to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, which shall be applied 
towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); and 
(b) 
any Projected Excess Cashflow standing to the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account deposited 
thereto in accordance with the CTA in respect of any Cash Accumulation Period applicable to 
that maturing Class A Authorised Credit Facility (being the “relevant Projected Excess 
Cashflow Amount”) shall be applied in accordance with the following order of priority (unless 
any amounts are outstanding under a Post FMD ACF (as defined in paragraph 4 below) on the 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date, in which case the proportion of the relevant Projected 
Excess Cashflow Amount referable to the 6 month period ending on the relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date shall instead be applied in accordance with paragraph 4 below and only the 
remainder of the relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount shall be applied in accordance with 
the following order of priority): 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(A) 
repaying each Class A Authorised Credit Facility with its Final Maturity Date 
falling on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date (as reduced by an amount equal 
to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, 
which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); 
(B) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls within a Cash Accumulation Period 
relating to any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility, being retained in the 
Excess Cashflow Account in an aggregate amount not exceeding the applicable 
Required Accumulation Percentage of Projected Excess Cashflow required to be 
retained on such date; and 
(C) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing (excluding a Trigger Event 
resulting from the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), being applied in 
accordance with paragraphs 2(a)(i) and (ii) above (provided that if following the 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date the Trigger Event ceases to continue and no 
other Trigger Event has since occurred and is continuing, then any amounts 
deposited to the Defeasance Account in accordance with this paragraph (i)(C) shall 
be released and applied in accordance with this paragraph 3 as if that Trigger Event 
had not subsisted on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date); 
(ii) 
second, the remainder of any relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount in accordance 
with paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies 
or not); and 
(iii) 
third, the remainder of any relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount in accordance 
with paragraph 1(b)(iii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies 
or not);

--- Page 220 ---
199 
Application of funds following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured Liabilities remain 
outstanding 
4. 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following the Final Maturity Date of any Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility) and any amount under that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility remains outstanding (each such Class A Authorised Credit Facility being a 
“Post FMD ACF”), then paragraphs 1 (“—Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a 
Qualifying Public Offering”) and 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan 
Interest Payment Date”) will not apply and 100% of Projected Excess Cashflow for the six month period 
ending on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date shall be applied in accordance with the following 
order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards, pro rata and pari passu: 
(i) 
satisfaction of repaying the outstanding principal amount under each Post FMD ACF (as 
reduced by an amount equal to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated 
Break Costs); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on the Final Maturity Date of any other 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility), satisfaction of 
repaying the outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(as reduced by an amount equal to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated 
Break Costs); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls within a Cash Accumulation Period 
relating to any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility, being retained in the Excess 
Cashflow Account in an aggregate amount not exceeding the applicable Required 
Accumulation Percentage of Projected Excess Cashflow required to be retained on such; 
and 
(iv) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing (excluding a Trigger Event resulting 
from the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), being applied in accordance with 
paragraphs 2(a)(i) and (ii) above (provided that if following the relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date the Trigger Event ceases to continue and no other Trigger Event has since 
occurred and is continuing, then any amounts deposited to the Defeasance Account in 
accordance with this paragraph (a)(iv) shall be released and applied in accordance with 
this paragraph 4 as if that Trigger Event had not subsisted on the relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date); 
(b) 
second, the remainder of any Projected Excess Cashflow in accordance with the order of priority 
set out in paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or 
not); and 
(c) 
third, the remainder of any Projected Excess Cashflow in accordance with paragraph 1(b)(iii) 
above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not). 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, all Available 
Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied (to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so), on each Distribution Date, 
in accordance with the following priority of payments (including, in each case, where applicable in accordance

--- Page 221 ---
200 
with the relevant contractual provisions any amount of or in respect of VAT) as set out below, without double 
counting: 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest 
on any of the foregoing) due and payable by any Obligor to the Obligor Security Trustee or any 
Receiver under any Transaction Document; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the First Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including 
interest on any of the foregoing) of the Issuer Security Trustee, any Receiver and the Note 
Trustees under any Issuer Transaction Document; 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Borrower 
Account Bank incurred under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the Second Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of: 
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider incurred under the Issuer Jersey Corporate 
Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Agents incurred under any Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the 
Issuer Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; and 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency; 
3. 
third, prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice only, to the Issuer by way of the Third Facility 
Fee: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than 
those creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due 
and payable to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise 
specifically provided for in this priority of payments), which amounts have been incurred without 
breach by the Issuer of the Issuer Transaction Documents to which it is a party (and for which 
payment has not been provided elsewhere in this priority of payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes are listed 
(or any other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of 
the Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount);

--- Page 222 ---
201 
4. 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable by any Obligor 
to: 
(a) 
prior to the ABF Implementation Date, the AA UK Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK 
Secured Pensions Liabilities; and 
(b) 
the AA Ireland Pension Trustee in respect of the AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities; 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fourth Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, 
charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due 
and payable by the Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent 
under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable 
by the Issuer); and 
(b) 
all amounts due and payable by any Obligor in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, 
other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility 
Provider and Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable to such Liquidity Facility Provider and 
Liquidity Facility Agent under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated 
Liquidity Amounts payable by any Borrower); 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Facility 
Agent due and payable under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity 
Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all amounts of interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and 
expenses of each Class A Authorised Credit Provider (except in relation to principal or any Make-
Whole Amount) due and payable under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any 
Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement); and 
(c) 
prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice only, to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility 
Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Borrower), all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts on cross- currency 
swaps, termination payments, and final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps) due and 
payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
all amounts of principal and any Make-Whole Amount due and payable under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to 
rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on 
cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement and to each OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the relevant Borrower(s)), all termination payments

--- Page 223 ---
202 
(excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of “Optional Early 
Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or any 
replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency swaps, or 
other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer 
Hedging Agreement; 
8. 
eighth, all amounts of interest, principal, Make-Whole Amount, fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses due and payable under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
9. 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by any Borrower under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; 
(b) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable under any Borrower Hedging Agreement and 
under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement; and 
10. 
tenth, subject to all payments and liabilities of a higher order of priority having been satisfied in full, the 
surplus (if any) together with any amounts standing to the credit of the Obligor Operating Accounts shall 
be available to each Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees fit. 
Enforcement of the Topco Security 
Notification of Share Enforcement Event 
If any Obligor, Topco, Obligor Secured Creditor or Topco Secured Creditor (other than the Obligor Security 
Trustee) becomes aware of the occurrence of any Share Enforcement Event, it shall forthwith notify the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Holdco Group Agent in writing and the Obligor Security 
Trustee shall promptly thereafter notify the Secured Creditor Representatives of the Obligor Secured Creditors, 
the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Topco Secured Creditors. 
Demand Notice 
At any time at which the Obligor Security Trustee has actual notice of the occurrence of a Share Enforcement 
Event, it must promptly request by notice (which shall be copied to the Secured Creditor Representatives of the 
Obligor Secured Creditors) an instruction (a “Topco Demand Notice Instruction”) from the Topco Secured 
Creditors (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) as to whether the Obligor Security Trustee should 
serve a demand notice (as defined in the Topco Payment Undertaking) on Topco requiring Topco to pay on the 
date and to the account specified in the demand notice an amount equal to the aggregate Class B Payment 
Amounts (as defined in the Topco Payment Undertaking) determined as at the date of payment specified in the 
demand notice. 
Instructions to enforce 
If Topco fails to pay an amount equal to the aggregate Class B Payment Amounts (as defined in the Topco 
Payment Undertaking) in accordance with the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Obligor Security Trustee must 
promptly request by notice (which shall be copied to the Secured Creditor Representatives of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors) an instruction (a “Topco Enforcement Instruction”) from the Topco Secured Creditors

--- Page 224 ---
203 
(through their Secured Creditor Representatives) as to whether and/or how the Obligor Security Trustee should 
enforce the Topco Security, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Topco Transaction Documents, 
provided that the Topco Security Enforcement Condition (as defined below) is satisfied. 
When voting on a Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction: 
(a) 
the Decision Period shall be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Topco Demand Notice Instruction 
or Topco Enforcement Instruction, as applicable; 
(b) 
there shall be no quorum requirement in respect of any vote for or against the resolution with respect to 
the Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction; and 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall act on the directions of one or more Topco Secured Creditors 
representing, in aggregate, at least 30% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Topco 
Secured Liabilities as at the date of delivery of the Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco 
Enforcement Instruction, as applicable. 
Topco Security Enforcement Condition 
The “Topco Security Enforcement Condition” shall be satisfied if in connection with the enforcement of the 
Topco Security: 
(a) 
the Secured Creditor Representative (on behalf of the Class B Noteholders) of the Issuer as a Topco 
Secured Creditor provides the Obligor Security Trustee with a tax opinion from any reputable 
internationally recognised law or accounting firm or any other reputable internationally recognised 
independent expert which is engaged in providing tax opinions, that confirms that there would be no 
actual or contingent tax liability in the Holdco Group as a result of the enforcement of the Topco Security 
(the “Tax Liability”) in an amount more than £10.0 million; or 
(b) 
if the actual or contingent Tax Liability is anticipated to be more than £10.0 million the Issuer Security 
Trustee is provided: 
(i) 
with funds (whether from any prospective purchaser of any of the assets that are subject to the 
Topco Security, any of the Class B Noteholders or any other person) in an amount equal to the 
excess over £10.0 million in respect of such Tax Liability; or 
(ii) 
with such other collateral or support arrangement to mitigate such actual and/or contingent tax 
liability which is satisfactory to the Issuer Security Trustee (acting reasonably) in respect of the 
excess over £10.0 million. 
Topco enforcement proceeds 
Any proceeds of the enforcement of the Topco Security shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of, pro rata 
and pari passu, the repayment of the Topco Secured Liabilities (after all costs, fees and expenses of the Obligor 
Security Trustee and Receiver in relation to the enforcement of the Topco Security have been discharged in full) 
and such funds will not be applied in accordance with the Obligor Priorities of Payments. 
Topco distressed disposals 
If a disposal of Topco Secured Property is being effected following the enforcement of any Topco Security, the 
Obligor Security Trustee is authorised to release the assets subject to the disposal from the Topco Security and 
execute and deliver or enter into any release of those assets or claim and issue any letters of non-crystallisation 
of any floating charge or any consent to dealing that may, in the discretion of the Obligor Security Trustee, be 
considered necessary or desirable.

--- Page 225 ---
204 
Governing Law 
The STID and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
Pursuant to a deed of covenant (the “Tax Deed of Covenant”) dated 2 July 2013 between Acromas Holdings 
Limited, AA Limited (the predecessor to AA Limited prior to its re-registration as a public company), Topco, 
Holdco, AA Acquisition Co Limited, the Borrower, AA Corporation Limited and the Issuer (together, the “Tax 
Covenantors”) and the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and amended and restated on 
30 January 2015 to reflect that AA Limited has replaced Aromas Holdings Limited as the ultimate parent 
company of Topco, each of the Tax Covenantors have made representations and give warranties and covenants 
with a view to protecting the Issuer and the other Security Group Companies from certain Tax-related risks 
including risks relating to secondary tax liabilities, group tax matters (including VAT grouping, Group Relief, 
group payment arrangements, transfer pricing and the worldwide debt cap), degrouping charges and the Issuer’s 
status as a securitisation company for the purposes of the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 
2006, as amended. AA Limited covenants to compensate or to procure compensation of the Security Group 
Companies in respect of certain unforeseen secondary or other tax liabilities caused by or in relation to any 
person that is not a Security Group Company. AA Limited also guarantees its obligations under the Tax Deed 
of Covenant. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant contains provisions in respect of surrenders of amounts by way of group relief and 
similar transactions, the purpose of which is to ensure that entry into such transactions by Security Group 
Companies does not result in a loss of value to the Security Group. The Tax Deed of Covenant also requires 
any Security Group Company that is covered by the AA Group payment arrangement or that is a member of the 
AA VAT Group to make payments on account of its corporation tax liability and/or VAT to AA Limited on the 
terms that it may solely be used for the purpose of making a payment of corporation tax or in relation to VAT, 
as applicable, on behalf of the relevant Security Group Company. It further requires procurement of payment 
by AA Limited, as applicable, to a Security Group Company of amounts equal to any credit, relief or repayment 
that it receives from HMRC on behalf of that Security Group Company. 
A breach of a covenant, representation, warranty or other obligation contained in the Tax Deed of Covenant 
will result in a “TDC Breach” giving rise to a CTA Event of Default. However, the Tax Deed of Covenant 
contains limitations and exclusions, including that a matter or circumstance giving rise to a breach (a “Relevant 
Matter or Circumstance”) will not give rise to a TDC Breach where: 
(a) 
the aggregate tax liabilities for which any Security Group Company has or could become liable as a 
result of the Relevant Matter or Circumstance (together with any other matters or circumstances arising 
in the period of three years prior to the Relevant Matter or Circumstance which would, ignoring this 
limitation, result in a TDC Breach) are equal to or less than £25.0 million; 
(b) 
the Relevant Matter or Circumstance arises as a result of entering into the ABF; 
(c) 
AA Limited adequately compensates or procures the compensation of the relevant Security Group 
Company in respect of such Relevant Matter or Circumstance; or 
(d) 
the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee have consented to any action undertaken by 
any person which gives rise to such Relevant Matter or Circumstance in advance. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law.

--- Page 226 ---
205 
SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS 
Class A IBLAs 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered 
into an Initial Class A IBLA in respect of the £300 million Sub-Class A1 Notes and £325 million Sub-Class A2 
Notes issued on that date. On 27 August 2013, the Initial Class A IBLA was increased by £350 million in respect 
of the additional £175 million of Sub-Class A1 Notes and £175 million of Sub-Class A2 Notes issued on that 
date. On 28 November 2013, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £500 million Sub-Class A3 Notes issued on that date. On 
2 May 2014, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into 
a Class A IBLA in respect of the £250 million Sub-Class A4 Notes issued on that date. On 6 December 2016, 
the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A 
IBLA in respect of the £700 million Sub-Class A5 Notes issued on that date. On 13 July 2017, the Issuer, the 
Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect 
of the £250 million Sub-Class A6 Notes issued on that date. On 17 July 2017, the Issuer, the Borrower, the 
Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £550 
million Sub-Class A7 Notes issued on that date. On 5 February 2020, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer 
Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £325 million 
Sub-Class A8 Notes issued on that date. On 21 July 2021, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee 
and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £270 million Sub-Class A9 Notes 
issued on that date. On 11 July 2022, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor 
Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £250 million Sub-Class A10 Notes issued on 13 
July 2022. On 2 February 2023, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £400 million Sub-Class A11 Notes issued on 6 February 
2023. On 20 June 2023, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee 
entered into an amendment and restatement agreement in relation to a Class A IBLA in respect of a further £135 
million Sub-Class A10 Notes issued on 23 June 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, only the Sub-Class 
A2 Notes, Sub-Class A8 Notes, the Sub-Class A9 Notes, the Sub-Class A10 Notes and the Sub-Class A11 Notes 
remain outstanding.  
The aggregate proceeds of the issuance by the Issuer of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes under the Programme 
will be on-lent to the Borrower under the related Class A IBLA. Each Class A IBLA Advance under a Class A 
IBLA (or each Class A IBLA Sub-Advance together making a single Class A IBLA Advance) will correspond 
to the principal amount of the related Sub-Class of Class A Notes such that the economic terms of each Class A 
IBLA Advance match the economic terms of the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Provided that any 
future issuances of Class A Notes are fungible with an existing issuance of Class A Notes, the Issuer will make 
available further facilities in an aggregate amount equal to the proceeds of each such issuance under the terms 
of the related Class A IBLA. Otherwise, a new Class A IBLA will be entered into for each new issuance by the 
Issuer of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and the subsequent Class A IBLA Advance (or Class A IBLA Sub-
Advances, as the case may be) to the Borrower, on substantially the same terms as the Initial Class A IBLA. 
The making of each Class A IBLA Advance will be subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out in the CTA. 
Matching of obligations 
As each Class A IBLA Advance is structured and tranched to match the tenor and interest rate of each Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, the Class A IBLA Advances have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce 
funds to service any payments due and payable under each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes.

--- Page 227 ---
206 
Class A IBLA Advances 
All Class A IBLA Advances made or to be made by the Issuer under a Class A IBLA are or will be in amounts 
and at rates of interest (or such discount) corresponding to amounts and rates set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus applicable to the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes. The interest payable 
under any Class A IBLA will correspond to the interest payable under the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes. 
Unless otherwise repaid, prepaid or otherwise discharged earlier, the Borrower shall repay each Class A IBLA 
Advance on the Final Maturity Date applicable to such Class A IBLA Advance. 
If a Class A IBLA Advance is not repaid in full on its Final Maturity Date, on any Loan Interest Payment Date 
occurring after such Final Maturity Date whilst such Class A IBLA Advance is outstanding, cash standing to 
the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account and/or the Defeasance Account, as applicable will be applied by the 
Borrower to mandatorily prepay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance, on the terms and subject to the conditions 
set out in the applicable Obligor Priorities of Payment and the CTA. 
Prepayments 
The Borrower is entitled to effect a voluntary prepayment of all or any part of any Class A IBLA Advance 
subject to the giving of the requisite period of notice and subject to the payment of an amount equal to the 
amount required by the Issuer to pay any Additional Class A Note Amounts payable on the redemption of the 
corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes. If a Trigger Event is subsisting at the time when the Borrower 
wishes to effect a voluntary prepayment, such prepayment has to be applied as described in paragraph (c) under 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Trigger Events—Trigger Event 
Consequences”. 
In addition, the Borrower may be required to repay a Class A IBLA Advance if the Issuer has the right to redeem 
the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes for taxation reasons or illegality pursuant to Class A Condition 
7(d) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Redemption for 
Taxation or Other Reasons”). Such prepayment by the Borrower shall be in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Class A IBLA Advance together with any accrued but unpaid interest and Facility 
Fees thereon, in each case to the date of such prepayment. 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting, the Borrower is obliged to effect a mandatory prepayment or defeasance of 
amounts outstanding under Class A Authorised Credit Facilities out of Disposal Proceeds arising from permitted 
disposals of Permitted Businesses during any Financial Year (i) to the extent the aggregate of such proceeds for 
that Financial Year exceeds £25.0 million, or (ii) if such proceeds are equal to or less than £25.0 million and are 
not applied in reinvestment in a Permitted Business during specified time periods provided that, any Disposal 
Proceeds shall be applied on a pro rata basis to, among other things, prepay or defease all Class A Authorised 
Credit Facilities (including the Initial Class A IBLA) as provided for in the CTA. 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting, the Borrower is obliged to effect a mandatory prepayment or defeasance of 
amounts outstanding under Class A Authorised Credit Facilities from Insurance Proceeds. Save that if a Trigger 
Event is subsisting at the relevant time, such Insurance Proceeds shall be applied on a pro rata basis to, among 
other things, prepay or defease all Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (including the Initial Class A IBLA) as 
provided for in the CTA. 
Following a Qualifying Public Offering any Disposal Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds may be applied at the 
discretion of the Borrower. 
Accordingly, it is possible that the Borrower may elect or may be required to prepay Class A IBLA Advances 
in whole or in part to the extent of such proceeds. The Borrower would be required to pay additional amounts

--- Page 228 ---
207 
to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to redeem the relevant Class A Notes including any Additional Class A Note 
Amounts. 
See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management”. 
Unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred or unless otherwise agreed in relation to a particular Class A 
IBLA Advance, in respect of each Class A IBLA Advance, the 12 month period ending on the Final Maturity 
Date of such Class A IBLA Advance shall be a Cash Accumulation Period and the Required Accumulation 
Percentage should be 100% 
Subject to the Common Terms Agreement and the STID, if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing on 
a Loan Interest Payment Date falling on 31 July in each Financial Year then on each such Loan Interest Payment 
Date, the Borrower shall repay or defease, as the case may be, Class A IBLA Advances in an amount equal to 
the relevant amount of Excess Cashflow for that year in respect of each such Class A IBLA Advance as provided 
for in the STID. 
Fees 
Prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower was required to pay on behalf of the Issuer by way of the up-front fee, 
any expenses of the Issuer reasonably incurred in connection with the initial issue of Class A Notes including, 
inter alia, the upfront fees and expenses of the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Agents, 
the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the Dealers, the 
Liquidity Facility Providers, the Rating Agency and the Issuer’s legal advisers, accountants and auditors. 
After the Closing Date, the Borrower is required to pay periodically a fee by way of the Facility Fee which shall 
meet the ongoing costs, losses and expenses of the Issuer in respect of amounts owed to, inter alios, the Class 
A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee (and any receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee), the 
Class A Agents, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Rating Agency, the Issuer’s legal 
advisers, accountants and auditors and any amounts payable to the Issuer Hedge Counterparties (if any) (in each 
case to the extent not covered by the up-front fee) and the Liquidity Facility Providers. 
Secured obligations 
The obligations of the Borrower under each Class A IBLA are or will be secured pursuant to the Obligor Security 
Documents, and such obligations are or will be guaranteed by each other Obligor in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee, who will hold the benefit of such security and guarantees on trust for the Obligor Secured 
Creditors (including the Issuer) on the terms of the STID. 
CTA Event of Default 
The Issuer’s obligations to repay principal and pay interest on the Class A Notes are intended to be met primarily 
from the payments of principal and interest received from the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs and payments 
received under any related Issuer Hedging Agreements. Failure of the Borrower to repay a Class A IBLA 
Advance under the Initial Class A IBLA on the Final Maturity Date in respect of such Class A IBLA Advance 
will be a CTA Event of Default, although it will not, of itself, constitute a Class A Note Event of Default. The 
Final Maturity Date under the Class A Notes corresponding to the relevant Class A IBLA Advance may fall a 
number of years after the Final Maturity Date of the corresponding Class A IBLA. In the event that a Class A 
IBLA Advance is not repaid in full on the Final Maturity Date of such Class A IBLA Advance, such Class A 
IBLA Advance (and the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes) will accrue interest at a different rate. If the 
Class A Notes are not redeemed in full by their Final Maturity Date, there will be a Class A Note Event of 
Default.

--- Page 229 ---
208 
Withholding/deductions 
The Borrower agrees to make all payments to the Issuer free and clear of any withholding on account of Tax 
unless it is required by law to do so when, in such circumstances, the Borrower will gross-up such payments. 
Tax gross-up 
In addition, under the terms of the Class A IBLA, the Obligors are required to pay additional amounts if a 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments required to be made to the Issuer. 
Subsequent Class A IBLAs 
On or prior to any further Issue Date in which the Issuer issues Class A Notes, the proceeds of which are intended 
to be on-lent to the Borrower, which are not fungible with an existing series of Class A Notes, then a new Class 
A IBLA will be entered into by the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee. Such new Class A IBLA will be entered into substantially on the same terms as set out above (each of 
these subsequent Class A IBLAs along with the Initial Class A IBLA will constitute the “Class A IBLAs” and 
each, a “Class A IBLA”). 
Governing law 
Each Class A IBLA and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed 
by English law. 
Senior Term Facility Agreement 
General 
On 26 February 2021, the Borrower and the STF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into the Senior Term 
Facility Agreement of up to £150,000,000 (the “Original Senior Term Facility Agreement”) which became 
effective on 10 March 2021 and drawings under which were used on 10 March 2021 to finance, refinance and 
replace amounts under the 2018 Senior Term Facility and related fees, costs, taxes and expenses thereto. The 
facility made available under the Senior Term Facility Agreement being the “Senior Term Facility“. The 
Original Senior Term Facility Agreement was amended on 10 February 2023 and the commitments under the 
Senior Term Facility were increased by £15,000,000 (the “STF Amendment Agreement” and the Original 
Senior Term Facility Agreement as amended by the STF Amendment Agreement, the “Senior Term Facility 
Agreement”). 
Maturity 
The Senior Term Facility will mature on 10 March 2026 (the “STF Final Maturity Date”). 
Margin and interest rate 
At 31 January 2022, the Senior Term Facility was subject to a variable interest rate of GBP LIBOR plus a 
margin of 2.75% per annum. This converted to a rate of SONIA plus a credit adjustment spread of 0.28% and 
a margin of 2.75% from March 2022. However, the AA Group has an interest rate swap in place which 
exchanges SONIA for a fixed interest rate of 0.46% thereby fixing the Senior Term Facility’s interest rate at 
3.49% through to the STF Final Maturity Date. 
Interest periods 
The Borrower may select interest periods of one, three or six months (or any other period agreed with the STF 
Agent, or as otherwise may be required to align to certain payment dates and/or accounting dates) for loans 
under the Senior Term Facility (each, a “STF Loan”).

--- Page 230 ---
209 
Representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings 
The Obligors make representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings to the STF Arrangers, the STF 
Lenders, the Obligor Security Trustee and the STF Agent substantially on the terms set out in certain schedules 
to the CTA, subject to certain amendments, exclusions, updates to, or additional, representations, warranties, 
covenants and undertakings in the Senior Term Facility Agreement. 
Mandatory prepayments 
The Senior Term Facility (or amounts thereunder) shall be subject to cancellation and/or prepayment upon the 
occurrence of an Illegality Event and, at the option of the relevant STF Lender, if a Sale (as defined below) or 
a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs. For the purposes of this provision, “Illegality Event” shall 
mean an event such that it becomes unlawful in any applicable jurisdiction for a STF Lender to perform any of 
its obligations as contemplated by the Senior Term Facility Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation 
in a STF Loan after the date of the Senior Term Facility Agreement (or, if later, the date on which such STF 
Lender becomes Party to the Senior Term Facility Agreement as a new STF Lender). 
Voluntary prepayments 
The Borrower may, by giving not fewer than one Business Day’s (or such shorter period as the STF Lenders 
holding, in aggregate, commitments under the Senior Term Facility of more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the total 
commitments under the Senior Term Facility (the “STF Majority Lenders”) may agree prior notice to the STF 
Agent, prepay the whole or any part of the relevant STF Loan (but, if in part, being an amount that reduces the 
amount of the STF Loan by a minimum amount of £1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may be outstanding 
or as may be agreed by the STF Agent. 
Change of Control and STF Permitted Change of Control 
The Senior Term Facility Agreement defines “change of control” as any person or group of persons acting in 
concert (excluding any Original Investor (as defined in the Senior Term Facility Agreement) or member of 
management or person(s) approved by the STF Majority Lenders, and any person or entity directly or indirectly 
controlled by any of them), acquiring and beneficially holding more than 50.01% of the issued voting shares of 
Topco or Holdco (excluding any part of that issued share capital that carries no right to participate beyond a 
specified amount in a distribution of either profits or capital). No Change of Control will be deemed to have 
occurred in the event of an STF Permitted Change of Control (as described below). 
Upon the occurrence of a change of control determined pursuant to the terms of the Senior Term Facility 
Agreement (“STF Change of Control”) or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Holdco Group 
whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person who is not a member of the Holdco 
Group (a “Sale”): 
(a) 
the Borrower shall promptly notify the STF Agent upon becoming aware of that event and the STF Agent 
shall promptly thereafter notify the STF Lenders; 
(b) 
each STF Lender shall have a period from the date on which such STF Change of Control or Sale occurs 
until the date falling 30 days after the STF Agent notifies the STF Lenders as described in paragraph 
(a) above (the “STF Change of Control Notification Period”), during which time the STF Lender may 
notify the STF Agent that it wishes to cancel its commitment in respect of the Senior Term Facility and 
declare its participation in the STF Loan, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued 
under the STF Finance Documents immediately due and payable, and the STF Agent shall promptly 
thereafter notify the Borrower of each such notification by a STF Lender;

--- Page 231 ---
210 
(c) 
from the first day of any STF Change of Control Notification Period until, and including, the date falling 
10 Business Days after the end of the STF Change of Control Notification Period, a STF Lender shall 
not be obliged to fund the STF Loan; and 
(d) 
in respect of each STF Lender which notifies the STF Agent as described in paragraph (b) above, the 
commitment of that STF Lender in respect of the Senior Term Facility will be cancelled and all 
outstanding amounts in respect of the STF Loan, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts 
accrued under the STF Finance Documents, will become immediately due and payable 10 Business Days 
after the end of the STF Change of Control Notification Period. 
A STF Change of Control under the Senior Term Facility Agreement shall not be deemed to have occurred as a 
result of the Obligor Security Trustee gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a Share 
Enforcement Event or a purchaser gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a sale pursuant to 
a Share Enforcement Event (a “STF Permitted Change of Control”) provided always that the person or entity 
which acquires direct or indirect control of Holdco is not a Restricted Person and provided that where a STF 
Lender is unable (acting reasonably) to comply with or otherwise be satisfied with any applicable “know your 
customer” or similar identification requirements or sanctions requirements within the time periods set out in the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement that STF Lender may by 5 Business Days’ notice cancel its commitment and 
declare that its participations in the Senior Term Facility Agreement are immediately due and payable. 
Following the occurrence of a STF Permitted Change of Control, unless a Cash Accumulation Period (as defined 
in the Senior Term Facility Agreement) has commenced (or commences during such Bank Debt Sweep Period 
(as defined in the Senior Term Facility Agreement)) the period from the date of such STF Permitted Change of 
Control until the end of the Financial Year in which such STF Permitted Change of Control occurs and each of 
the subsequent Financial Years thereafter until and including the Financial Year ending 31 January 2026 shall 
be a Bank Debt Sweep Period and the Required Sweep Percentage (as defined in the Senior Term Facility 
Agreement) in respect of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period shall be 100 per cent., such that the Borrower 
shall be required to prepay the outstanding STF Loan(s) in an amount equal to the relevant amount of Excess 
Cashflow in respect of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period provided for in, and in accordance with the STID. 
Default interest 
Prior to the STF Final Maturity Date, if the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a STF Finance 
Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% higher than the rate which would have been 
payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted an STF Loan in the currency 
of the overdue amount for successive interest periods, each of a duration selected by the STF Agent (acting 
reasonably). 
With effect from the STF Final Maturity Date, interest shall accrue on each unpaid sum up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgement) at a fixed rate equal to 3.75% per annum. 
Events of default 
The CTA Events of Default will apply in respect of the Senior Term Facility Agreement, subject to certain 
caveats and exclusions as contained in the Senior Term Facility Agreement. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Common Terms Agreement—CTA Events of Default”. 
The ability of the STF Lenders to accelerate any sums owing to them under the Senior Term Facility Agreement 
upon or following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default is subject to the STID.

--- Page 232 ---
211 
Fees 
Certain fees, costs, taxes and expenses are payable in respect of the Senior Term Facility, including certain 
arrangement and underwriting fees payable to the STF Arrangers and STF Underwriters and certain agency fees 
payable to the facility agent under the Senior Term Facility Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Senior Term Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by English law. 
Working Capital Facility Agreement 
General 
On 26 February 2021, the Borrower and the WCF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into a working capital 
revolving credit facility (the “Working Capital Facility Agreement”). A credit facility made available to the 
Borrower by the lenders under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the “WCF Lenders”) comprises a 
revolving working capital facility of up to £55,729,915 (the “Working Capital Facility”). Subject to the terms 
of the Working Capital Facility Agreement and any document relating to or evidencing the terms of an ancillary 
facility, a WCF Lender may make available ancillary facilities to the Borrower in place of all or part of their 
unutilised commitment under the Working Capital Facility (a “WCF Ancillary Facility”). The proceeds of the 
Working Capital Facility shall be applied to: (a) finance, refinance or replace amounts under the 2018 Working 
Capital Facility Agreement, (b) discharge, redeem or cash collateralise letters of credit and/or bank guarantees 
outstanding on or about the Acquisition Closing Date (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement), 
(c) working capital purposes and/or (d) payment of certain fees, costs, expenses, stamp, registration and other 
taxes. 
Maturity 
The Working Capital Facility will mature on 10 March 2026 (the “WCF Final Maturity Date”). The Working 
Capital Facility is available to be drawn by AA Senior Co Limited (the “Borrower”) from the 10 March 2021 
until the date falling one month prior to the WCF Final Maturity Date. 
Margin and interest rate 
The initial rate of interest payable on each loan drawn under the Working Capital Facility is the aggregate of 
the applicable margin plus applicable GBP LIBOR; however, from October 2021, this converted to a rate of 
margin plus SONIA which included a credit adjustment spread of 0.28%. The initial margin in respect of the 
Working Capital Facility is 2.75% per annum. 
Interest periods 
The Borrower may select interest periods of one week or one, two, three or six months (or any other period 
agreed with Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as agent under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the 
“WCF Agent”), or as otherwise may be required to align to certain payment dates and/or accounting dates) for 
loans under the Working Capital Facility (each, a “WCF Loan”). 
Representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings 
The Obligors have made and will make representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings to the WCF 
Arrangers, the WCF Lenders, the Obligor Security Trustee and the WCF Agent substantially on the terms set 
out in certain schedules to the CTA, subject to certain amendments, exclusions, updates to, or additional, 
representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings as contained in the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement.

--- Page 233 ---
212 
Mandatory Prepayment 
The Working Capital Facility (or amounts thereunder) shall be subject to cancellation and/or prepayment upon 
the occurrence of an Illegality Event (as defined above) and, at the option of the relevant WCF Lender, if a Sale 
(as defined below) or a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs. 
Voluntary prepayments 
The Borrower may, by giving not fewer than one Business Day’s (or such shorter period as the WCF Lenders 
holding, in aggregate, commitments under the Working Capital Facility of more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the total 
commitments under the Working Capital Facility (the “WCF Majority Lenders”) may agree prior notice to 
the WCF Agent, cancel the whole or any part of a WCF Loan (but, if in part, being an amount that reduces the 
amount of a WCF Loan by a minimum amount of £1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may be outstanding or 
such other amount as may be agreed by the WCF Agent). 
Change of Control and WCF Permitted Change of Control 
The Working Capital Facility Agreement shall define “change of control” as any person or group of persons 
acting in concert (excluding, any Original Investor (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) or 
member of management or person(s) approved by the WCF Majority Lenders, and any person or entity directly 
or indirectly controlled by any of them), acquiring and beneficially holding more than 50.01% of the issued 
voting shares of Topco or Holdco (excluding any part of that issued share capital that carries no right to 
participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of either profits or capital). No Change of Control will 
be deemed to have occurred in the event of a WCF Permitted Change of Control. 
Upon the occurrence of a change of control determined pursuant to the terms of the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement (a “WCF Change of Control”) or the sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Holdco Group, 
whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (a “Sale”): 
(a) 
the Borrower shall promptly notify the WCF Agent upon becoming aware of that event and the WCF 
Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the WCF Lenders; 
(b) 
each WCF Lender shall have a period from the date on which such WCF Change of Control or Sale 
occurs until the date falling 30 days after the WCF Agent notifies the WCF Lenders as described in 
paragraph (a) above (the “WCF Change of Control Notification Period”), during which time the WCF 
Lender may notify the WCF Agent that it wishes to cancel its commitment in respect of the Working 
Capital Facility and declare its participation in all outstanding WCF Loans, together with accrued 
interest, and all other amounts accrued under the WCF Finance Documents immediately due and 
payable, and the WCF Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Borrower of each such notification by 
a WCF Lender; 
(c) 
from the first day of any WCF Change of Control Notification Period until, and including, the date 
falling 10 Business Days after the end of the WCF Change of Control Notification Period no WCF Loan 
may be requested other than a rollover loan in respect of the Working Capital Facility; and 
(d) 
in respect of each WCF Lender which notifies the WCF Agent as described in paragraph (b) above, the 
commitment of that WCF Lender will be cancelled and all outstanding WCF Loans, together with 
accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued under the WCF Finance Documents, will become 
immediately due and payable 10 Business Days after the end of the WCF Change of Control Notification 
Period. 
A WCF Change of Control under the Working Capital Facility Agreement shall not be deemed to have occurred 
as a result of a WCF Permitted Change of Control, provided always that the person or entity which acquires 
direct or indirect control of Holdco is not a Restricted Person and provided that where a WCF Lender is unable

--- Page 234 ---
213 
(acting reasonably) to comply with or otherwise be satisfied with any applicable “know your customer” or 
similar identification requirements or sanctions requirements within the time periods set out in the Working 
Capital Facility Agreement that WCF Lender may by 5 Business Days’ notice cancel its commitment and 
declare that its participations in the Working Capital Facility Agreement are immediately due and payable. 
Following the occurrence of a WCF Permitted Change of Control, unless amounts remain outstanding under 
the Senior Term Facility or a Cash Accumulation Period (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) 
has commenced (or commences during such Bank Debt Sweep Period (as defined in the Working Capital 
Facility Agreement)) the period from the date of such WCF Permitted Change of Control until the end of the 
Financial Year in which such WCF Permitted Change of Control occurs and each of the subsequent Financial 
Years thereafter until and including the Financial Year ending 31 January 2026 shall be a Bank Debt Sweep 
Period and the Required Sweep Percentage (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) in respect 
of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period shall be 100 per cent., such that the Borrower shall be required to prepay 
the outstanding WCF Loan(s) in an amount equal to the relevant amount of Excess Cashflow in respect of each 
such Bank Debt Sweep Period provided for in, and in accordance with the STID. 
Clean down 
The Borrower is required to ensure that the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all WCF Loans, any overdraft or cash loan element outstanding in respect of the WCF Ancillary 
Facilities and (without double counting) any cash loans covered by a letter of credit or guarantee issued 
under a WCF Ancillary Facility; less 
(b) 
any amount of Cash or Cash Equivalent Investments of the Holdco Group (other than any amount 
standing to the credit of a Designated Account) that is freely available to the Borrower for the purpose 
of discharging the financial indebtedness referred to in paragraph (a) above, 
shall be reduced to zero for a period (a “WCF Clean-Down Period”) of not less than three successive Business 
Days in the period between the date of the first utilisation of the Working Capital Facility and the Financial 
Year ended 31 January 2022 and in each subsequent Financial Year ending after the date of the first utilisation 
of the Working Capital Facility. Not less than three months shall elapse between the end of one WCF Clean-
Down Period and the beginning of the next WCF Clean-Down Period. 
Default interest 
Prior to the WCF Final Maturity Date, if the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a WCF 
Finance Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date 
of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% per annum higher than the rate 
which would have been payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted a 
WCF Loan in the currency of the overdue amount for successive interest periods, each of a duration selected 
by the New WCF Agent (acting reasonably). 
With effect from the WCF Final Maturity Date, interest shall accrue on each unpaid sum up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgement) at a fixed rate equal to 3.75% per annum. 
Events of default 
The CTA Events of Default will apply under the Working Capital Facility Agreement, subject to certain caveats 
and exclusions as contained in the Working Capital Facility Agreement. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Common Terms Agreement—CTA Events of Default”). 
The ability of the WCF Lenders to accelerate any sums owing to them under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement upon or following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default will be subject to the STID.

--- Page 235 ---
214 
Fees 
The Borrower shall pay (or procure payment) to the WCF Agent (for the account of each WCF Lender) a 
commitment fee computed at the rate of 35% of the margin in respect of the Working Capital Facility per annum 
on the undrawn available commitments in respect of the Working Capital Facility from 10 March 2021. The 
accrued commitment fee will be payable on the last day of each successive three month period during the 
availability period of the Working Capital Facility, on the last day of the availability period of the Working 
Capital Facility and on the cancelled amount of the relevant WCF Lender’s commitment in respect of the 
Working Capital Facility at the time the cancellation is effective. 
Certain fees, costs, taxes and expenses will be payable in respect of the Working Capital Facility, including 
certain arrangement and underwriting fees payable to the WCF Arrangers and WCF Underwriters and certain 
agency fees payable to the facility agent under the Working Capital Facility Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Working Capital Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Obligor Security Agreement 
The Borrower and each other Obligor that is a party to the Obligor Security Agreement covenants with the 
Obligor Security Trustee as primary obligor, to pay or discharge promptly on demand all of the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities on the dates on which they are expressed to become due (or, if no such date is specified, immediately 
on demand by the Obligor Security Trustee) in the manner specified in the relevant Finance Document, the AA 
UK Pension Agreement and the AA Ireland Pension Agreement. Each Obligor that is a party to the Obligor 
Security Agreement grants fixed and floating security interests in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee for 
itself and on behalf of each of the other Obligor Secured Creditors as security for the payment, discharge and 
performance of all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
Each Obligor that is a party to the Obligor Security Agreement grants the following security: 
(a) 
a charge by way of first legal mortgage over: 
(i) 
certain identified Real Property in England or Wales; and 
(ii) 
the shares in any member of the Holdco Group (except in relation to any company incorporated 
in Jersey or Ireland) belonging to it on the date the Obligor becomes party to the Obligor Security 
Agreement, to take effect in equity pending the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice; 
(b) 
first fixed charges over all of its right, title and interest from time to time in and to: 
(i) 
Real Property (to the extent not the subject to the legal mortgage referred to above); 
(ii) 
its shares in any member of the Holdco Group (to the extent not the subject to the legal mortgage 
referred to above and except in relation to any company incorporated in Jersey or the Republic 
of Ireland); 
(iii) 
each Designated Account and each Obligor Operating Account; 
(iv) 
to the extent not effectively assigned as referred to below, the Hedging Agreements, the OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreements, and the Business Transfer Deed (together, the “Assigned 
Agreements”); 
(v) 
any goodwill and rights in relation to its uncalled capital;

--- Page 236 ---
215 
(vi) 
the benefit of all consents and agreements held by it in connection with the use of any of its assets; 
(vii) 
certain Intellectual Property specified in the Obligor Security Agreement and other Intellectual 
Property used or owned by the Obligors who are party to the Obligor Security Agreement and 
which is required to conduct their business or part of their business; and 
(viii) monetary claims; 
(c) 
an assignment by way of security of all of rights in respect of the Insurance Policies and the Assigned 
Agreements and other designated material contracts; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge (being a “qualifying floating charge”, for the purposes of paragraph 14 of Schedule 
B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986), over the whole of its undertaking and all of its property and assets 
whatsoever and wheresoever situated, present and future, other than any property or assets from time to 
time or for the time being effectively charged by way of legal mortgage, fixed charge or otherwise 
assigned as security as referred to above. 
The Obligor Security Trustee holds the benefit of the Obligor Security Agreement on trust for itself and each 
of the other Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The Obligor Security Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law. 
Additional Authorised Credit Facilities 
The Borrower is permitted to incur Financial Indebtedness under Authorised Credit Facilities with an 
Authorised Credit Provider subject to any applicable financial covenants and the terms of the CTA and the 
STID. Each Authorised Credit Provider will be party to the CTA and the STID. 
Borrower Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Borrower, the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Cash Manager and the Borrower Account Bank, the Borrower Account Bank will maintain 
the “Designated Accounts”, all such accounts in the name of the Borrower, but subject to the control of the 
Obligor Security Trustee. 
If the Borrower Account Bank ceases to be an Acceptable Bank then the Borrower will be required to arrange 
for the transfer of such accounts to an Acceptable Bank on terms acceptable to the Obligor Security Trustee. 
The Borrower Account Bank Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it will be governed by English law.

--- Page 237 ---
216 
SUMMARY OF THE CREDIT AND LIQUIDITY SUPPORT DOCUMENTS 
Liquidity Facility Agreement 
General 
On 26 February 2021, the Issuer and the Borrower entered into a liquidity facility in a principal amount of up 
to £160,000,000 which became effective on 10 March 2021 (the “Original Liquidity Facility Agreement”) 
with, among others, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity Facility Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager, the 
Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility Providers 
granted to the Borrower a revolving 364-day liquidity facility to permit drawings to be made (a) by the Issuer 
to fund any Issuer Liquidity Shortfall and (b) by the Borrower to fund any Borrower Liquidity Shortfall. The 
Original Liquidity Facility Agreement was amended on 6 February 2023 and the commitments under the 
Liquidity Facility were increased by £15,000,000 (the “LF Amendment Agreement” and the Original 
Liquidity Facility Agreement as amended by the LF Amendment Agreement, the “Liquidity Facility 
Agreement”). On 7 June 2023, the commitments under the Liquidity Facility were increased by £25,000,000. 
Term 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement is available for a period of 364 days after 8 March 2023, subject to renewal 
as described in “—Renewal” below. On 6 February 2023, the AA Group renewed, under the same terms, the 
Liquidity Facility which became effective on 8 March 2023. Subject to final termination provisions, the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement is currently available for the period from 8 March 2023 to but excluding the date 
that falls 364 days after 8 March 2023 or, following acceptance by the Issuer and the Borrower of a renewal 
confirmation as described in “—Renewal” below, the date falling 364 days after the date of the then New 
Liquidity Facility Agreement (as defined below) (or if any such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day 
immediately preceding such date) (the “Scheduled LF Termination Date”). 
Renewal 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that not more than 60 or fewer than 30 days before the then 
Scheduled LF Termination Date, the Issuer (or the Cash Manager) and the Borrower may request that each 
Liquidity Facility Provider agree to enter into a new committed revolving facility for a further 364 days on the 
same terms as the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement. The Liquidity Facility Agent will notify the Issuer, 
the Borrower and the Cash Manager by delivering a renewal confirmation to those parties of each such Liquidity 
Facility Provider’s acceptance of such request within the time period specified in the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement and, upon the Issuer and the Borrower countersigning the renewal confirmation and without any 
further action being required on the part of any party to the Liquidity Facility Agreement, a new facility shall 
be granted by each such Liquidity Facility Provider to the Issuer and the Borrower on the same terms as the 
terms of the Liquidity Agreement as amended as permitted by the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, 
such agreement being effective from the date of expiry of the previous liquidity facility (the “New Liquidity 
Facility Agreement”). 
If the Issuer or the Borrower does not make a renewal request in accordance with the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement or any Liquidity Facility Provider does not consent to a renewal request, the Issuer and the Borrower 
agree to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that either: 
(a) 
prior to the seventh day before the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, one or more liquidity facility 
providers with the required credit rating accedes to the Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with 
the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement; or

--- Page 238 ---
217 
(b) 
on or before the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, they enter into a substitute liquidity facility with 
one or more substitute liquidity providers with the Requisite Rating (as defined in “—Ratings 
requirement and standby drawings” below), 
in each case such that the rating of the Class A Notes assigned by the Rating Agency at such time will not fall 
below the then current rating of the Class A Notes. If the Issuer and the Borrower are unable to replace any 
Liquidity Facility Provider or enter into a New Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer and the Borrower shall serve a drawdown notice on the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider requesting a drawing from that Liquidity Facility Provider alone in an amount equal 
to all commitments then available for drawing under the Liquidity Facility from such Liquidity Facility Provider 
(“Standby Drawing”). On the making of a Standby Drawing, the Issuer (or the Cash Manager) and the 
Borrower shall immediately credit an amount equal to the Issuer’s and the Borrower’s pro rata share of such 
Liquidity Facility Provider’s all commitments then available for drawing under the Liquidity Facility from such 
Liquidity Facility Provider, calculated in accordance with the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, to the 
Issuer’s or the Borrower’s Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
There is no obligation on any Liquidity Facility Provider to extend the Liquidity Facility. 
If a Liquidity Facility Provider does not agree to a further renewal in accordance with the terms of the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, there will be a Standby Drawing of the entire available commitment of the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider which amount shall be immediately credited to the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Standby Account. 
Conditions to drawdown 
In addition to the satisfaction of certain other conditions, all utilisations of the Liquidity Facility by the Issuer 
or the Borrower are subject to, on the proposed drawdown date: 
(a) 
there being no event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement then continuing in relation to the 
Issuer or the Borrower (as applicable); 
(b) 
in relation to a proposed drawdown by the Issuer only, an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall having occurred and 
is then continuing and the amount of the proposed drawdown by the Issuer is no greater than the amount 
of such Issuer Liquidity Shortfall; and 
(c) 
in relation to a proposed drawdown by the Borrower, a Borrower Liquidity Shortfall having occurred 
and is then continuing and the amount of the proposed drawdown by the Borrower is no greater than the 
amount of such Borrower Liquidity Shortfall. 
Interest periods 
The interest period on any drawing under the Liquidity Facility is six months, or such lesser period in the case 
of any Interest Period which would otherwise overrun the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, provided that 
each such period shall end on or prior to (but exclude) the interest payment date in respect of the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement immediately following the start date of such period, notwithstanding that such period may 
be less than one or more completed months. 
Redrawing 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that the amounts drawn by the Issuer and the Borrower (as 
applicable) and repaid to the Liquidity Facility Providers may be redrawn subject to the terms of the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement.

--- Page 239 ---
218 
Ratings requirement and standby drawings 
Each Liquidity Facility Provider must be a bank or financial institution whose long term unsecured debt 
obligations being rated by the Rating Agency at least BBB+ or such lower rating as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Borrower, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Rating Agency provided 
that any such lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing on “credit watch 
negative” (or equivalent) of the then current rating of the Class A Notes (the “Requisite Rating”). 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if either (a) at any time any Liquidity Facility Provider ceases 
to have the Requisite Rating; or (b) any Liquidity Facility Provider refuses to grant an extension of the term of 
the liquidity facility (as described in “—Renewals” above), then the Issuer and the Borrower shall use all 
reasonable endeavours to within 60 days replace any Liquidity Facility Provider with, or enter into a New 
Liquidity Facility Agreement on terms substantially similar to the Liquidity Facility Agreement through, a new 
third party bank which has the Requisite Rating. If the Issuer and the Borrower are unable to replace any 
Liquidity Facility Provider or enter into a New Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer and the Borrower shall serve a drawdown notice on the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider requesting a Standby Drawing. On the making of a Standby Drawing, the Issuer (or 
the Cash Manager) and the Borrower shall immediately credit an amount equal to the Issuer’s and the 
Borrower’s pro rata share of such Liquidity Facility Provider’s all commitments then available for drawing 
under the Liquidity Facility from such Liquidity Facility Provider, calculated in accordance with the terms of 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement, to the Issuer’s or the Borrower’s Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
Margin 
The initial rate of interest payable on each loan drawn under the Liquidity Facility is the aggregate of the 
applicable margin plus applicable GBP LIBOR; however, from October 2021, this converted to a rate of margin 
plus SONIA which included a credit adjustment spread of 0.28%. The initial margin is respect of the Liquidity 
Facility is 4.00% per annum. The margin is subject to a step-up of 0.50% per annum on each interest payment 
date in respect of the Liquidity Facility Agreement falling on or after the drawdown date in respect of such 
drawing until the date on which that drawing is repaid in full, save that, where a Standby Drawing has been 
made in respect of which the step-up margin has started to accrue, and then a drawing is made from the Liquidity 
Facility Standby Account which is funded by such Standby Drawing, the margin applicable to such drawing 
shall be increased by any further step-up margin which accrues in respect of such drawing with effect from the 
first interest payment date in respect of the Liquidity Facility following the date of its drawdown. If the Issuer 
or the Borrower (as applicable) has insufficient amounts available to it to pay the amount of any step-up margin 
on its due date, such amount will be deferred and only become payable on future interest payment dates in 
respect of the Liquidity Facility only if and to the extent that amounts are available to the Issuer or the Borrower 
(as applicable) on such interest payment date to make such payment in whole or in part. Any such non-payment 
of the step-up margin will not constitute an event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement unless and 
until the Issuer or the Borrower (as the case may be) has sufficient amounts available to it to pay the unpaid 
step-up amounts on any scheduled interest payment date and the Issuer or the Borrower (as the case may be) 
does not make such payment. 
Default interest 
If the Issuer or the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it in accordance with the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% higher than the rate which would have been 
payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted a drawing under the Liquidity 
Facility.

--- Page 240 ---
219 
Governing Law 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by English law.] 
Borrower Hedging Agreements 
The Borrower may enter into various interest rate and currency swap transactions with the Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties in conformity with the Hedging Policy (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”). 
Issuer Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into various interest rate and currency swap transactions with the Issuer Hedge 
Counterparties in conformity with the Hedging Policy (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”). The Issuer does not currently have any hedging 
transactions in place.

--- Page 241 ---
220 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER CLASS A TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Class A Note Trust Deed 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee entered into the Class A Note Trust Deed pursuant to 
which the Class A Notes are constituted, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed 
dated 23 April 2014, a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 November 2016 and a Third 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 1 July 2021. The Class A Note Trust Deed includes the form of 
the Class A Notes and contains a covenant from the Issuer to the Class A Notes Trustee to pay all amounts due 
under the Class A Notes. The Class A Note Trustee holds the benefit of that covenant on trust for itself and the 
Class A Noteholders in accordance with their respective interests. 
Enforcement 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document, the Issuer Security shall 
only become enforceable upon the delivery of an Issuer Security Enforcement Notice in accordance with the 
Issuer Deed of Charge. Only the Class A Note Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Class A Notes or the 
Class A Note Trust Deed and no Class A Noteholder, Class A Receiptholder or Class A Couponholder shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Class A Note Trustee, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
Waiver of a Class A Note Event of Default 
The Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders, the Class A Couponholders or any other Issuer Secured Creditor at any time (but only if and so 
far as in its opinion the interests of the Class A Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby (where 
“materially prejudiced” means that such waiver, authorisation or determination would have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on 
the relevant due date for payment therefor)) determine that any event which would otherwise constitute a Class 
A Note Event of Default or Potential Class A Note Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes 
of the Class A Note Trust Deed provided that the Class A Note Trustee shall not exercise such powers in 
contravention of any express direction given by Class A Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders 
or of a request in writing made by Class A Noteholders of not less than 25% in aggregate of the principal amount 
of the Class A Notes then outstanding, but no such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation 
previously given or made or so as to authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to any 
Class A Basic Terms Modification. 
Modification 
The Class A Note Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders, Class A 
Receiptholders or Class A Couponholders and without the consent of the other Issuer Secured Creditors (other 
than any Issuer Secured Creditor which is party to the relevant documents), at any time and from time to time 
concur with the Issuer and any other person, or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer or 
any other person, in making any modification to: 
(a) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class 
A Coupons and/or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than a Class A Basic Terms 
Modification) (subject as provided in the STID in relation to any Common Documents and as provided 
in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to any Issuer Common Document) or other document to which 
it is party or in respect of which it holds security provided that the Class A Note Trustee is of the opinion 
that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders

--- Page 242 ---
221 
(where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification would have a material adverse effect on 
the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the 
relevant due date for payment therefor) and provided further that if any such modification relates to an 
Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its 
prior written consent or, where any Class A Noteholders are affected Issuer Secured Creditors, the 
holders of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes affected thereby have sanctioned such modification in 
accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed; or 
(b) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class 
A Coupons or the other the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (subject as provided in the STID in 
relation to any Common Documents and as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to any 
Issuer Common Document) or other documents to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds 
security which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, of a formal, minor, administrative or 
technical nature, to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note 
Trustee, proven. 
The Class A Note Trust Deed provides that in connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, 
authorities or discretions under the Class A Note Trust Deed (including, without limitation, any modification, 
waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution) or any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document the Class 
A Note Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Class A Noteholders. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be authorised by each Class A Noteholder, to execute and deliver on its behalf 
all documentation required to implement, or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to implement any waivers, 
authorisation, modifications or consents which have been granted by the Class A Note Trustee in respect of the 
Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons 
and/or any Issuer Class A Transaction Document or any Common Document ((other than a Class A Basic Terms 
Modification) subject as provided in the STID in relation to any Common Document) and the Issuer Deed of 
Charge or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer Security Trustee holds security. 
Such execution and delivery shall bind each Class A Noteholder as if such documentation had been duly 
executed by it. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be empowered by the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed to make appropriate 
amendments to the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (including instructing the Issuer Security Trustee in 
respect of the Issuer Common Documents) to reflect the appointment by the Issuer of a second rating agency 
to provide a rating in respect of the Class A Notes. 
Action, proceedings and indemnification 
The Class A Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any actions, proceedings, or steps in relation to the Class 
A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons, any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document or the 
Class A Note Trust Deed unless respectively directed or requested to do so (i) by a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution or (ii) in writing by the Class A Noteholders together holding or representing at least 25% or more 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, and in either case then indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by doing so. 
Subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge, only the Class A Note Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Class A 
Note Trust Deed or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents to which it is party.

--- Page 243 ---
222 
Issuer representations 
The Issuer will make representations (subject to detailed carve-outs, exceptions and qualifications set forth in 
the Class A Note Trust Deed) in the Class A Note Trust Deed as at the date of the Class A Note Trust Deed and 
at each Issue Date, including as to: 
(a) 
its corporate status, power and authority and certain other legal matters; 
(b) 
the enforceability of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(c) 
the legality and validity of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
non-conflict with the documents binding on it, its constitutional documents, licences and laws; 
(e) 
no existing Class A Note Event of Default or Potential Class A Note Event of Default; 
(f) 
consents, licences, authorisations and approvals are obtained and complied with; 
(g) 
no current litigation relating to or involving the Issuer; 
(h) 
no Security Interest on any of its present or future revenues or assets other than pursuant to the Issuer 
Deed of Charge; 
(i) 
no winding up or insolvency event in relation to it; and 
(j) 
the legality, validity, enforceability and binding nature of the Issuer Security. 
Issuer covenants 
The covenants given by the Issuer in the Class A Note Trust Deed (subject to detailed carve-outs, exceptions 
and qualifications) include the following: 
(a) 
maintain at all times at least one independent director who is not otherwise affiliated with the Holdco 
Group or the Sponsors; 
(b) 
conduct its business in accordance with its obligations under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(c) 
so far as permitted by applicable law and subject to any binding confidentiality restrictions give the Class 
A Note Trustee such documents needed to discharge or exercise its powers under the Class A Note Trust 
Deed or by operation of law; 
(d) 
ensure compliance with accounting requirements as set forth by the relevant Stock Exchange; 
(e) 
keep proper books of account and allow the Class A Note Trustee free access to such books of account; 
(f) 
at all times maintain separate books, records and accounts; 
(g) 
not commingle its assets with the assets of any other entities; 
(h) 
use its own stationery, invoice and cheques; 
(i) 
not grant, create or permit to subsist any Security Interests (unless by operation of law) over its assets 
other than pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
(j) 
not to have any Subsidiaries or any employees or premises; 
(k) 
not to acquire any leasehold, freehold or heritable property; 
(l) 
not dispose of assets save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(m) 
not merge or legally consolidate save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents;

--- Page 244 ---
223 
(n) 
not to incur any financial indebtedness save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(o) 
not to pay any dividend or make any distributions to its shareholders save as permitted by the Issuer 
Class A Transaction Documents; 
(p) 
subject to the Reservations not to permit any of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents to become 
invalid; 
(q) 
execute and perform such acts necessary in order for the Class A Note Trustee to discharge its functions 
under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(r) 
procure the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Registrar notify the Class A Note Trustee in 
the event they do not receive payment of the full amount due on all Class A Notes, Class A Receipts or 
Class A Coupons; 
(s) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus indicate that the Class A Notes are to be listed on a 
relevant Stock Exchange, maintain the quotation or listing on the relevant Stock Exchange of those of 
the Class A Notes; 
(t) 
send to the Class A Note Trustee and obtain its approval, prior to the date on which any such notice is to 
be given, the form of every notice to be given to the Class A Noteholders; 
(u) 
notify the Class A Note Trustee if payments by the Issuer become subject to withholding; 
(v) 
deliver to the Class A Note Trustee a certificate setting out the total number and aggregate nominal 
amount of the Class A Notes which up to and including the date of such certificate have been purchased 
by the Issuer, the Borrower, or any other member of the Holdco Group and cancelled; 
(w) 
give notice to the Class A Note Trustee of any proposed redemption of the Class A Notes; 
(x) 
minimise Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its payment obligations in respect of the 
Class A Notes; 
(y) 
maintain its registered office in Jersey and its COMI/tax residence in the UK; 
(z) 
give notice to the Class A Note Trustee of the occurrence of any Class A Note Event of Default or 
Potential Class A Note Event of Default; and 
(aa) 
unless Holdco has confirmed to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee that it is no longer required 
under the CTA to ensure that any amounts of principal or interest payable under any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility are only payable on 31 January and 31 July in each Financial Year, the Issuer shall not 
agree with any relevant Dealer to issue any Class A Notes unless the Class A Note Interest Payment 
Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus are January 31 and July 31 in each 
year. 
Issuer Deed of Charge 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into the Issuer Deed of Charge (as amended on 13 April 2015) with the Issuer 
Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note 
Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class B Noteholders, the Initial Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity 
Facility Agent, the Issuer Account Bank, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A 
Agent Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the Issuer Jersey Corporate 
Services Provider, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class A U.S. Paying Agent, the Class A Exchange Agent, any

--- Page 245 ---
224 
receiver and any other creditor of the Issuer which accedes to the Issuer Deed of Charge (together, the “Issuer 
Secured Creditors”). 
Issuer Security 
Pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer has secured its obligations to the Issuer Secured Creditors by 
granting the following security (the “Issuer Security”): 
(a) 
an assignment by the Issuer by way of first fixed security of its right title and interest and benefit, present 
and future, into and under the Issuer Charged Documents; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts and all interest paid or payable in relation to those amounts 
and all debts represented by those amounts; 
(c) 
a first fixed charge of all its rights in respect of each Cash Equivalent Investment of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the Issuer’s assets (other than its rights in respect of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Agreement) (including, without limitation, its uncalled capital), other than 
any assets at any time otherwise effectively charged or assigned by way of fixed charge or assignment 
under the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
The Issuer Security is held on trust by the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors in accordance with, and subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
Restrictions on the exercise of rights 
The Issuer Deed of Charge contains certain restrictions on the Issuer Secured Creditors on the exercise of their 
rights. These include that, each of the Issuer Secured Creditors (other than, in the case of item (c) below, each 
Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee) agrees with the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee that (a) only 
the Issuer Security Trustee may enforce the Issuer Security in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of 
Charge; (b) it will not take any steps or proceedings to procure the winding up, administration or liquidation of 
the Issuer; and (c) it will not take any other steps or action against the Issuer or in relation to the Issuer Secured 
Property for the purpose of recovering any of the secured liabilities or enforcing any rights arising out of the 
Issuer Transaction Documents against the Issuer or take any other proceedings in respect of or concerning the 
Issuer or the Issuer Secured Property. 
Furthermore, each of the Issuer Secured Creditors agrees that all obligations of the Issuer to each Issuer Secured 
Creditor are limited in recourse to the property, assets, rights and undertakings of the Issuer that are subject to 
the Security Interests created in or pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge (the “Issuer Secured Property”). If 
(a) there is no Issuer Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted into 
cash; (b) all amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the 
relevant obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge; and (c) there are insufficient 
amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property to pay in full the secured liabilities, then the Issuer Secured 
Creditors shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain 
unpaid and such unpaid amounts shall be deemed to be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall 
be deemed to cease. 
Priority of payments upon acceleration 
Except in certain specified circumstances, the Issuer Cash Manager (or any substitute cash manager appointed 
by the Issuer Security Trustee to act on its behalf) shall (to the extent that such funds are available) apply all 
moneys received by the Issuer Security Trustee (or any Receiver appointed hereunder) following the service of 
a Note Acceleration Notice, other than amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby 
Account (which are to be paid directly and only to the Liquidity Facility Provider in accordance with the 
relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement), in accordance with the following Issuer priority of payments (the

--- Page 246 ---
225 
“Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments”) including in each case any amount of or in respect of VAT 
payable thereon: 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable in respect of: 
(i) 
the fees and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the Issuer Security 
Trustee, Class A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee and other appointees (if any), other than 
a Receiver appointed under paragraph (a)(ii) below, appointed by any of them under the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed respectively and 
any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by any of the Issuer Security Trustee, Class 
A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trust 
Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed respectively and any other amounts payable (other than 
amounts payable under the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes) to the Issuer Security Trustee, 
Class A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note 
Trust Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed respectively, together with interest thereon as 
provided for therein; and 
(ii) 
the fees and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the Receiver and any 
costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Receiver under the Issuer Deed of Charge, 
together with interest thereon as provided for therein; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable by the Issuer 
in respect of: 
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider under the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Paying 
Agents incurred under the Agency Agreements; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; and 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Cash Manager incurred 
under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction of payment of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, 
indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity 
Facility Agent due and payable by the Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity 
Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts 
payable by the Issuer); 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest due and payable 
under the Class A Notes; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal and any Additional Class A Note Amounts due and payable under the 
Class A Notes; and 
(ii) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to 
rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006

--- Page 247 ---
226 
ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on 
cross-currency swaps or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest, principal and any 
Additional Class B Note Amounts due and payable under the Class B Notes; and 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata of: 
(i) 
all Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Issuer Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; and 
(h) 
eighth, after retaining the Issuer Profit Amount, any remaining amount to the Borrower by way of rebate 
of the Facility Fees pursuant to the terms of the IBLAs or to any other party entitled thereto. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
The Issuer Security Trustee will be bound to enforce the Issuer Security by delivering an Issuer Security 
Enforcement Notice to the Issuer if directed to do so by Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors holding at least 
25 per cent. of the aggregate Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt then outstanding (including, in the case of the 
Class A Notes, the Class A Note Trustee acting on the directions of the holders of the Class A Notes) subject to 
the Issuer Security Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in relation to 
any liability. 
With immediate effect from the time when the Issuer Security Trustee gives an Issuer Security Enforcement 
Notice to the Issuer, the whole of the Issuer Security shall become enforceable. 
Modification, Authorisation, Waiver and Consent – Issuer Common Documents 
Subject to the Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Rights, the Issuer Security Trustee shall concur with the 
Issuer or any other person in making any modification to any Issuer Common Document or giving any 
authorisation, waiver or consent to breach of, or matter or thing related to, any Issuer Common Document only 
if so directed in writing by: 
(a) 
if there are Class A Notes outstanding, the Class A Note Trustee in accordance with the Class A Note 
Trust Deed or on the direction of a Class A Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(b) 
if there are no Class A Notes outstanding, the Class B Note Trustee in accordance with the Class B Note 
Trust Deed or on the direction of a Class B Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any modification, authorisation, waiver, consent or approval provided by the Issuer Security Trustee in 
accordance with the paragraph above will be binding on all of the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Modification, Waiver and Consent – Class B conditions 
Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Class B Noteholders can make amendments, modifications 
or waivers to the Class B Conditions without obtaining the approval of the Class A Noteholders. 
Class B Call Option 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition thereof occurs: 
(a) 
any one or more of the Class B Noteholders shall be entitled, pursuant to the Class B Call Option, to 
purchase all (but not some only) of (x) the Sub-Class of Class A Notes which have not been paid on their 
Expected Maturity Date at a price equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-
Class of Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) any other Class A

--- Page 248 ---
227 
Authorised Credit Facility (other than a Class A IBLA) which is due to mature on such Expected 
Maturity Date at a price equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon, in each case, within the Class B Call Option 
Period, subject to the terms set out below; provided that, in the case of (y) above, each Class B 
Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A Authorised Credit Facility certifies 
to the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option 
that it is not, and, following exercise of the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the Borrower 
for the purposes of section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; and 
(b) 
the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) may: 
(i) 
surrender such Class A Notes to the Issuer for cancellation (and a corresponding amount of the 
Class A IBLA Advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Note will be treated as prepaid) (or enter into an alternative arrangement which 
achieves the same commercial objective) and surrender and cancel any amount outstanding under 
any purchased Class A Authorised Credit Facility (or enter into an alternative arrangement which 
achieves the same commercial objective); provided that in each case, the relevant Class B 
Noteholder(s) shall provide a tax opinion from reputable tax counsel addressed to (x) the Issuer, 
the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Borrower and the Obligor Security 
Trustee in the case of the surrender of the Class A Notes and the deemed prepayment of the 
corresponding Class A IBLA and (y) the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee, in the case 
of any cancellation of amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, to 
confirm that the surrender and cancellation of the Class A Notes, the Class A IBLA and/or the 
relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility or the entry into any alternative arrangements to 
achieve the same commercial objective, as the case may be, will not result in any adverse tax 
consequences for the Issuer or the Borrower, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
purchase all (but not some only) of any other Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding within 
the Class B Call Option Period and at a price equal to: 
(A) 
if the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes is specified in the Final Terms as a Fixed Rate 
Class A Note denominated in Sterling, an amount equal to the higher of (i) the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes plus accrued but unpaid interest 
thereon and (ii) the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee 
by a financial adviser appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note 
Trustee) expressed as a percentage (and rounded, if necessary, to the third decimal place 
(0.0005 being rounded upwards)) at which the Gross Redemption Yield on the relevant 
class of Class A Notes on the Relevant Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at 
3.00 p.m. (London time) plus 50 basis points on that date of the Relevant Treasury Stock 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the offered 
prices of the Relevant Treasury Stock quoted by the Reference Market Makers (on a 
dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing day in London) at or about 
3.00 p.m. (London time) on the Relevant Date plus accrued but unpaid interest on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes and so that for 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated 
on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper 
“Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (third edition published 16/03/2005); “Reference 
Market Makers” means three brokers and/or London gilt-edged market makers selected

--- Page 249 ---
228 
by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee; “Relevant Date” means 
the date which is the fifth business day in London prior to the date of purchase and 
“Relevant Treasury Stock” means such United Kingdom government stock as selected 
by the Issuer and as the Class A Note Trustee may approve, with the advice of three brokers 
and/or gilt-edged market makers or such other three persons operating in the gilt-edged 
market to be a benchmark gilt the maturity of which most closely matches the Expected 
Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes as calculated by a financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee; and 
(B) 
if the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes is specified in the Final Terms as a Fixed Rate 
Class A Note denominated in euro, U.S. dollar or any other currency (other than Sterling), 
at a price equal to the Redemption Amount of such Class A Notes as determined in 
accordance with Class A Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be; and 
(C) 
[Reserved]. 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (b) of the definition thereof occurs, any one or more 
of the Class B Noteholders shall be entitled, pursuant to the Class B Call Option, to purchase all (but not some 
only) of (x) the Class A Notes then outstanding at a price equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) each Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (other than a Class A IBLA) which is then outstanding, in each case, within the Class B Call Option 
Period and at a price equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon, subject to the terms set out below provided that, in the case 
of (y) above, each Class B Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call 
Option that it is not, and, following exercise of the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the Borrower 
for the purposes of section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
Within one Business Day of the occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger Event, the Issuer must publish (or 
cause the Class B Principal Paying Agent to publish) a notice (a “Class B Call Option Notice”) to the Class B 
Noteholders in accordance with the Class B Conditions and on a regulatory information service (with a copy to 
the Class A Note Trustee and the Class B Note Trustee) detailing (A) the occurrence of the relevant Class B 
Call Option Trigger Event; (B) the right of the Class B Noteholders to exercise the Class B Call Option in 
accordance with the terms of the Class A Conditions, the Class B Conditions, the STID and the Issuer Deed of 
Charge; and (C) contact information for the Issuer and information as to the procedures for how the Class B 
Noteholders can, if they wish to exercise the Class B Call Option, do so (including, without limitation, 
procedures which must be complied with for the valid exercise of such option and appropriate instructions to 
be given to the Clearing Systems or otherwise as regards settlement). 
Within one Business Day of the end of the Class B Call Option Period, the Issuer shall notify (or cause to be 
notified) the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Trustee, the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Class B Noteholders and each Principal Paying Agent whether or not any Class B Noteholder has 
exercised its right to purchase the Class A Notes and any Class A Authorised Credit Facility. If any such Class 
B Noteholder or Class B Noteholders has or have elected to purchase the Class A Notes and any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility then such notice must specify (A) the date of settlement (which must be not earlier 
than five Business Days and not later than 10 Business Days after the notice has been given); and (B) the amount 
of the Class B Call Option purchase price to be paid on the settlement date.

--- Page 250 ---
229 
Where more than one Class B Noteholder notifies the Issuer that it wishes to exercise the Class B Call Option, 
each Class B Noteholder shall: 
(a) 
have the right to buy a proportionate principal amount of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes and a 
proportionate principal amount of the Class A Authorised Credit Facility relative to the principal amount 
of Class B Notes held by it when compared to the aggregate principal amount of Class B Notes held by 
Class B Noteholders providing such notification; and 
(b) 
be obliged to pay the relevant proportion of the relevant purchase price to, or for the account of, the 
Class A Noteholders or the Class A Authorised Credit Provider, as the case may be. 
Payment must be made (i) in respect of any purchase of Class A Notes, to the Class A Noteholders in freely 
transferable funds to their account maintained with the Clearing Systems unless otherwise agreed by the Class 
A Noteholders and (ii) in respect of any purchase of a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, to the Facility Agent 
in respect of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility in freely transferable funds unless otherwise agreed with 
the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Provider. Payment of the purchase price by all relevant Class B 
Noteholders will be a condition precedent to the obligation of any Class A Noteholders and Class A Authorised 
Credit Providers to transfer, or consent to the transfer, of the Class A Notes or the Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility held by them. For the avoidance of doubt, payment by the Class B Noteholders to the Class A 
Noteholders and/or the Facility Agent in respect of any Class A Authorised Credit Facility will not be made 
through the Class A Principal Paying Agent. 
“Class B Call Option Period” means the period commencing on the date of delivery of a Class B Call Option 
Notice (as further described above) and ending on the date expiring 30 days following such delivery. 
“Class B Call Option Trigger Event” means any of the following events: 
(a) 
prior to the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, or a Loan Acceleration Notice, either (i) the 
occurrence of an Expected Maturity Date with respect to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes outstanding at 
any time and such Sub-Class of Class A Notes is not redeemed in full on its Expected Maturity Date or 
(ii) the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date with respect to any Class A Authorised Credit Facility and 
such Class Authorised Credit Facility is not repaid in full on its Final Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice to the Issuer. 
Directions, Duties and Liabilities 
The Issuer Security Trustee will not be liable or responsible for any liabilities or inconvenience which may 
result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Deed of 
Charge, except where the Issuer Security Trustee has failed to show the degree of care and due diligence. 
The Issuer Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and constructed in accordance with English Law. 
Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement 
Intertrust Management Limited, which was appointed on 2 July 2013 (in such capacity, the “Issuer Corporate 
Officer Provider”) as corporate officer provider to the Issuer pursuant to a corporate officer agreement (the 
“Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement”), is a limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales 
(acting through its office at 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, EC3A 6AP, United Kingdom) and provides an 
independent director to the Issuer subject to and in accordance with the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement. 
The Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law.

--- Page 251 ---
230 
Class A Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the Class A Agency Agreement entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A U.S. Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class A 
Exchange Agent, the Class A Registrar and the Class A Note Trustee, provision is made for, amongst other 
things, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may revoke the appointment of the Class A Principal Paying Agent upon not less than 45 days’ prior 
written notice to the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Note Trustee. The appointment of the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent will terminate immediately if the Class A Principal Paying Agent becomes incapable 
of performing its obligations or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency-related events. In addition, the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent may resign from its role under the Class A Agency Agreement upon not less than 90 
days’ prior written notice to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee. The termination of the appointment of the 
Class A Principal Paying Agent (whether by the Issuer or by resignation) shall not be effective unless upon the 
expiry of the relevant notice there is a successor in place. 
The Class A Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with English law. 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement 
General 
The Issuer has appointed Automobile Association Developments Limited as the Issuer Cash Manager pursuant 
to the Issuer Cash Management Agreement dated 2 July 2013. Pursuant to the Issuer Cash Management 
Agreement, the Issuer Cash Manager will undertake certain cash administration functions on behalf of the 
Issuer. 
Cash management functions 
As part of its duties under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer Cash Manager will, inter alia, 
(a) operate the Issuer Accounts and effect payments to and from the Issuer Accounts in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Issuer Transaction Documents provided that such moneys are at the relevant time 
available to the Issuer, (b) invest funds not immediately required by the Issuer in Cash Equivalent Investments 
in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, (c) make determinations and 
perform certain obligations on behalf of the Issuer as set out in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement including directing the Issuer to make drawings (or making drawings on behalf 
of the Issuer) under the Liquidity Facility Agreement, and (d) carry out treasury management functions 
including the arrangement of Treasury Transactions in line with the Hedging Policy. 
Liquidity facility 
Allowing sufficient time to deliver any relevant drawdown notice under the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the 
Issuer Cash Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Issuer Liquidity Shortfall on the relevant 
Class A Note Interest Payment Date after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Debt Service Reserve Account which will be available to the Issuer on the next Class A Note Interest Payment 
Date. Any amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account (if any) will be applied to 
decrease the amount which would otherwise constitute an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall by applying such amount 
towards payment of items 1 to 6 (inclusive) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments (excluding any 
final payment on any Final Maturity Date and any termination payments and all other unscheduled amounts 
payable to any Issuer Hedge Counterparty and any Additional Class A Note Amounts). The Issuer, or the Issuer 
Cash Manager on its behalf, will issue a notice of drawing to the facility agent under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement to cover any such liquidity shortfall.

--- Page 252 ---
231 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by a Note Trustee in accordance with Class A Condition 
10(b) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Class A Note Events of Default—Delivery of Class A Note 
Acceleration Notice”) or Class B Condition 9 (Description of Other Indebtedness—The Class B3 Notes—Events 
of Default), as the case may be, amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Transaction Accounts (subject to 
certain exceptions), will be applied by the Issuer Cash Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) in accordance with the 
following Issuer priority of payments (the “Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments”): 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Security Trustee and each Note Trustee under any Issuer Transaction Document. 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer 
in respect of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement and the Issuer Corporate Services Agreement 
respectively; 
(b) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity, payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Agents 
incurred under any Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(d) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Cash 
Manager (for so long as the Issuer Cash Manager is not a member of the Holdco Group); and 
(e) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency. 
3. 
third in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata of: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than 
those creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due 
and payable to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise 
specifically provided for in this priority of payments) prior to the next Note Interest Payment 
Date, which amounts have been incurred without breach by the Issuer of the Issuer Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided elsewhere in this 
priority of payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes are listed 
(or any other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of 
the Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount). 
4. 
fourth, in or towards the satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the 
Issuer in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, 
costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due and

--- Page 253 ---
232 
payable by the Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under 
any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable by the 
Issuer). 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of 
(a) 
all amounts of interest due and payable under the Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments and final 
payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under 
any Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of 
(a) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to 
rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on 
cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; and 
(b) 
all amounts of principal under the Class A Notes and all Additional Class A Note Amounts. 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest due and payable 
under the Class B Notes. 
8. 
eighth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of principal and all other 
amounts due and payable under the Class B Notes. 
9. 
ninth, to the extent received from the Borrower under the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
all Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
all Subordinated Hedge Amounts payable to the Issuer Hedge Counterparties under any Issuer 
Hedging Agreement. 
10. 
tenth, any remaining amount pari passu by way of rebate of the ongoing Facility Fees under the terms 
of the IBLAs. 
Termination 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager (a) at any time with at least 30 days’ 
prior written notice and the consent of the Issuer Security Trustee, (b) if default is made by the Issuer Cash 
Manager in the performance or observance of any of its material covenants and material obligations under the 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement subject to the applicable grace period, (c) if any Insolvency Event occurs 
in relation to the Issuer Cash Manager and (d) if an Issuer Security Enforcement Notice is given and the Issuer 
Security Trustee is of the opinion that the continuation of the appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Subject to certain conditions (including that a suitable successor Issuer Cash Manager has been appointed), the 
Issuer Cash Manager is entitled to resign upon giving 30 days’ prior written notice of termination to the Issuer 
and the Issuer Security Trustee.

--- Page 254 ---
233 
Governing Law 
The Issuer Cash Management Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank Agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, the Issuer Security 
Trustee, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Account Bank will maintain the 
Issuer Transaction Account and any Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account or the Issuer Debt Service 
Reserve Account opened with the Issuer Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (together, the “Issuer Accounts”), all such accounts in the name of the Issuer, but subject to the 
control of the Issuer Security Trustee. 
If the Issuer Account Bank ceases to be an Acceptable Bank then the Issuer will be required to arrange for the 
transfer of such accounts to an Acceptable Bank on terms acceptable to the Issuer Security Trustee. 
The Issuer Account Bank Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by English law.

--- Page 255 ---
234 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS 
The following summary of the material terms of the Class B3 Notes, the Topco Payment Undertaking and the 
Topco Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the underlying documents. Capitalised terms used but not defined in this “Description of Other 
Indebtedness” section shall have the meanings given to them in the Class B3 IBLA or the section “Glossary”, 
as applicable. 
The Class B3 Notes 
On 29 January 2021, the Issuer issued £280,000,000 6.500%/6.000% Class B3 Secured Notes due 2050 (the 
“Class B3 Notes”). The proceeds of the issue of the Class B Notes were applied by the Issuer to make advances 
to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the Class B3 IBLA (the “Class B3 IBLA”). Pursuant to the Class B3 
IBLA, the Issuer provided to the Borrower a secured facility (the “Class B3 Loan”) which is contractually 
subordinated, among others, to the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the 
Liquidity Facility, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and certain hedging arrangements. 
The economic terms and conditions of the Class B3 IBLA (including, among other things, in relation to the 
payment of interest and the repayment and prepayment of principal) are broadly similar to the terms and 
conditions of the Class B3 Notes. 
The Class B3 Notes are constituted by the Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, rank equally among 
themselves, are contractually subordinated to, among others, the Class A Notes as to payment and rank junior 
to the Class A Notes with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect of the Topco 
Security. The Class B3 Loan is contractually subordinated to, among others, the Class A IBLAs, the Senior 
Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
and certain hedging arrangements as to payment and ranks junior to the foregoing (as well as certain pension 
liabilities) with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect of the Topco Security. 
Guarantors 
The Class B3 Notes are obligations of the Issuer only. The Class B3 Notes have not been guaranteed by any 
person, except that the Class B3 Notes have the indirect benefit of the Topco Payment Undertaking. See “—
Topco Payment Undertaking”. The Class B3 Loan has been guaranteed by: 
 
Holdco; 
 
the Borrower; 
 
AA Acquisition Co Limited; 
 
AA Corporation Limited; 
 
TAAL; 
 
AADL; 
 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited; 
 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Holdings Limited; 
 
AA Financial Services Limited; 
 
Drivetech (UK) Limited; and 
 
Intelligent Data Systems (UK) Limited.

--- Page 256 ---
235 
All of the guarantors of the Class B3 Loan are also guarantors of the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, 
the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and certain 
hedging arrangements. 
Maturity 
The Class B3 Notes have an expected maturity date of 31 January 2026 using the proceeds received by the 
Issuer from the repayment by the Borrower of the Class B3 Loan on the Class B3 Loan Maturity Date. The 
Class B3 Loan will mature on 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Loan Maturity Date”). If, on the Class B3 Loan 
Maturity Date, the Class B3 Loan remains outstanding, Topco will be required, under the terms of the Topco 
Payment Undertaking, to pay or procure payment to the Obligor Security Trustee of all principal, interest and 
other amounts outstanding under the Class B3 IBLA and any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility. In the 
event of any failure by Topco to pay or procure payment of such amounts on the Class B3 Loan Maturity Date, 
the Obligor Security Trustee (acting upon the instruction of Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% 
in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Topco Secured Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 
Notes) will have the right to enforce the Topco Security. See “—Topco Payment Undertaking; —Topco Security 
Agreement” below. Unless previously redeemed in full, the Class B3 Notes will mature on 31 July 2050 (the 
“Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date”). 
Interest 
The Class B3 Notes accrue interest at a rate of 6.500% per annum from (and including) the Issue Date up to 
(but excluding) 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Note Adjustment Date”) and from (and including) the Class 
B3 Note Adjustment Date will accrue at a reduced rate of 6.000% per annum (each, as applicable, a “Class B3 
Note Interest Rate”). The Class B3 Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6.500% per annum from (and including) 
the Issue Date up to (but excluding) 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Loan Adjustment Date”) and from (and 
including) the Class B3 Loan Adjustment Date will accrue at a reduced rate of 6.000% per annum (each, as 
applicable, a “Class B3 Loan Interest Rate”, and each Class B3 Note Interest Rate and Class B3 Loan Interest 
Rate, as applicable, an “Interest Rate”). Interest on the Class B3 Notes and the Class B3 Loan is payable semi-
annually in each year on 31 January and 31 July, with the first payment date falling on 31 July 2021. If on any 
Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date the Issuer receives a payment of interest on the Class B3 Loan from the 
Borrower in accordance with the Class B3 IBLA, then the Issuer will be obliged to make a corresponding 
payment of interest on the Class B3 Notes on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date. If on any Class B3 
Note Interest Payment Date, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of a payment of interest on the Class 
B3 Loan is not sufficient to pay the interest accrued on the Class B3 Notes during the immediately preceding 
interest period in full, the amount of interest accrued up to any such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date that 
is not paid by the Issuer on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date will be deferred (any such accrued but 
deferred interest being a “Deferred Interest Amount”) and such Deferred Interest Amount shall continue to 
accrue interest at the then applicable Class B3 Note Interest Rate until it is paid by the Issuer in full. 
If on any Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
the Issuer receives a payment of interest on the Class B3 Loan from the Borrower in accordance with 
the Class B3 IBLA in excess of the amount of interest accrued on the Class B3 Notes during the 
immediately preceding interest period; and 
(b) 
on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date, a Deferred Interest Amount in respect of any prior interest 
period remains outstanding, 
then the Issuer shall apply such excess to reduce the then outstanding Deferred Interest Amount. Interest and 
the aggregate amount of all Deferred Interest Amounts then unpaid on the Class B3 Notes and any accrued but

--- Page 257 ---
236 
unpaid interest thereon shall be due and payable by the Issuer in pounds sterling on the Class B3 Note Final 
Maturity Date. 
If at any time a Trigger Event has occurred (including if the Class A FCF DSCR falls below 1.35x) or if the 
Class A IBLA corresponding to the Sub-Class A3 Notes is not repaid when due, then no payments (including 
payments of interest) may be made in respect of the Class B3 IBLA, and consequently the Class B3 Notes. See 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Trigger Events”. 
Security 
The Class B3 Notes share security with, among others, the Class A Notes, provided that the Class B3 Notes 
rank junior to the Class A Notes with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect 
of the Topco Security. The shared security package consists of first-ranking security granted by the Issuer in 
respect of substantially all its property, assets and undertaking, including its rights against each Obligor under 
the Class A IBLAs, the Class B3 IBLA, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer Cash Management 
Agreement, the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement and the Agency 
Agreement and its rights in respect of its bank accounts and Cash Equivalent Investments. The Class B3 Notes 
will also have the indirect benefit of the Topco Security, as discussed below under “—Topco Payment 
Undertaking;—Topco Security Agreement”. 
For a more detailed description of the security created pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge and the terms 
thereof, including the priorities of payments by the Issuer both prior and subsequent to the enforcement of the 
security thereunder, see “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge” and 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” 
The Class B3 Loan shares security with, among others, the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, the 
Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility and certain hedging arrangements and pension liabilities; 
provided that the Class B3 Loan ranks junior to the foregoing with respect to the application of enforcement 
proceeds, other than in respect of the Topco Security (which will be granted for the sole benefit of certain 
secured creditors of Topco, including for the indirect benefit of the holders of the Class B3 Notes). The shared 
security package consists of, among other things, first-ranking mortgages or fixed charges in respect of the 
English Obligors’ freehold and leasehold properties and fixed and floating charges over all other property, assets 
and undertaking of each English Obligor. 
For a more detailed description of the security created pursuant to the Obligor Security Agreement and the terms 
thereof, including the priorities of payments by the Borrower both prior and subsequent to the enforcement of 
the security thereunder, see “Summary of the Finance Documents—Obligor Security Agreement” and “Summary 
of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”. 
Redemption 
At any time on or after 31 January 2023, the Borrower may elect to prepay the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in 
part, at the applicable prepayment price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) of (a) 103.250%, if 
such prepayment occurs before 31 January 2024; (b) 101.625% if such prepayment occurs on or after 31 January 
2024 but before 31 July 2025, and (c) 100.000% on or after 31 January 2025, in each case together with accrued 
and unpaid interest and any additional amounts payable in respect of deductions or withholding for taxes, on 
the Class B3 Loan prepaid. 
At any time prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may elect to prepay the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in part, 
at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Class B3 Loan prepaid, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, up to the prepayment date and a “make-whole” premium in 
respect of future payments of interest and principal through 31 January 2023, calculated using a discount rate 
based upon the yield to maturity of UK government securities with a comparable maturity, plus 50 basis points.

--- Page 258 ---
237 
In addition, prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may on one or more occasions use the net proceeds of 
specified equity offerings to prepay up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan, at a 
prepayment price equal to 106.500% of the principal amount of the Class B3 Loan prepaid, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, up to the prepayment date; provided that at least 50% of the 
original aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan remains outstanding after the occurrence of such 
prepayment and the prepayment occurs within 180 days of such equity offering. 
In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may prepay up to 10% 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan (including any additional Class B3 Loan), upon not less 
than 10 nor more than 60 days’ prior notice, during each twelve-month period beginning on the Issue Date at a 
redemption price of 103% of the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan to be prepaid, plus accrued 
and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, thereon, to, but not including, the applicable date of 
prepayment. 
The Class B3 Notes will be subject to mandatory redemption prior to the Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date if 
and to the extent the Borrower makes principal repayments or prepayments to the Issuer in respect of the Class 
B3 Loan, either on a voluntary basis or following the enforcement of security. Any such redemption of the Class 
B3 Notes will be on the same terms and at the same prices (including any applicable premium) as for the Class 
B3 Loan. 
The Class B3 Loan may be prepaid at the option of the Borrower, in whole but not in part, at any time following 
certain changes in tax laws or other laws at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 
Class B3 Loan prepaid plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, provided certain 
conditions are satisfied, including that the Borrower has sufficient funds to make such prepayment. 
Mandatory Offers to Purchase upon Asset Sales and change of control 
The terms of the Class B3 IBLA require the Borrower to use the proceeds of certain asset sales to either invest 
in additional assets or repay certain other indebtedness, and if it does not, to use such proceeds within 540 days 
of such asset sale to make an offer to repurchase the Class B3 Notes at a repurchase price equal to at least 100% 
of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of 
purchase. 
Upon certain events constituting a change of control, the Borrower may be required to make an offer to 
repurchase all the Class B3 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, up to the purchase date. In the event of any 
prepayment by the Borrower of the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in part, the Issuer will be required to apply the 
proceeds received from such prepayment to redeem a corresponding principal amount of Class B3 Notes, plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, at a redemption price corresponding to the 
applicable prepayment price set forth in the Class B3 IBLA. In addition, in connection with certain tender offers 
for all of the outstanding Class B3 Notes, including a Class B Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer (each 
as defined in the Class B IBLA), if holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the then 
outstanding Class B3 Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Class B3 Notes in such tender offer and 
the Issuer, or any third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuer, purchases all of the Class B3 Notes 
validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, the Issuer or such third party may redeem all Class B3 
Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase (and the Borrower shall prepay the Class B3 Loan to 
facilitate such redemption), in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to the purchase price offered 
to each other holder of the Class B3 Notes (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) pursuant to such tender 
offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, 
to, but not including, the applicable redemption date.

--- Page 259 ---
238 
Withholding Tax on Class B3 Notes; Early Redemption for Tax or Other Reasons 
If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of a relevant 
tax jurisdiction will at any time be required to be made from any payments made with respect to the Class B3 
Notes, including payments of principal, redemption price, purchase price, interest or premium, the Issuer will, 
subject to certain exceptions, be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction, such that the net amount received by the holders of the Class B3 Notes is not less than the amount 
they would have received in the absence of such withholding. 
The Class B3 Notes may be prepaid at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time following 
certain changes in tax laws or other laws at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Class B3 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, Deferred Interest Amounts and accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon and additional amounts, if any, provided certain conditions are satisfied. 
Covenants 
The Class B3 IBLA limits, among other things, Topco and its restricted subsidiaries with respect to: 
 
the incurrence or guarantee of additional indebtedness; 
 
the payment of dividends or other distributions on, and the redemption or repurchase of, its equity; 
 
the making of certain restricted payments and investments; 
 
the creation of certain liens; 
 
the imposition of restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends and other payments 
to Topco or any Obligor; 
 
the transfer, lease, sale or other disposition of certain assets; 
 
the sale of assets or the merger, consolidation with or into other companies; 
 
the entry into certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 
the impairment of the security interest in the collateral granted for the benefit of the holders of the Class 
B3 Notes. 
Each of the above covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
Events of Default 
No event of default with respect to the Class B3 IBLA (a “Class B Loan Event of Default”) may occur while 
any amount remains outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (until after an acceleration of the 
amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, as applicable). In such circumstances, the 
occurrence of any of the events or circumstances which otherwise would constitute a Class B Loan Event of 
Default shall instead result in a share enforcement event under the Class B3 IBLA. 
Share Enforcement Events 
Each of the following will constitute a Share Enforcement Event under the Class B3 IBLA, among others: 
 
any default in the payment of interest or additional amounts, if any, on the Class B3 Loan (subject to a 
30-day grace period); 
 
any amount remaining outstanding under the Class B3 IBLA as at the close of business on the Class B3 
Loan Maturity Date;

--- Page 260 ---
239 
 
any failure to pay principal or premium on the Class B3 Loan upon any optional redemption, required 
repurchase or declaration; 
 
any failure to comply, after written notice, with the covenant in the Class B3 IBLA limiting the activities 
of Topco, Holdco, Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower (subject to a 30-day grace period); 
 
any failure to comply, after written notice, with certain other covenants under the Class B3 IBLA (subject 
to a 60-day grace period); 
 
default under any indebtedness that results from a failure to pay principal when due or results in 
acceleration of such indebtedness (subject to a £50 million threshold); 
 
certain bankruptcy events of default; 
 
certain judgment defaults (subject to a £50 million threshold and 60-day grace period); 
 
any impairment of the security interest granted in respect of material collateral (subject to a 20-Business 
Day grace period); and 
 
any impairment of a guarantee (subject to a 10-day grace period). 
If a Share Enforcement Event occurs and is continuing, Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Topco Secured Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 
Notes, will be able to enforce the Topco Security, subject to certain requirements being met. See “Summary of 
the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of the Topco Security”. 
If at any time either (i) no amounts remain outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or (ii) an 
acceleration of the amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility has occurred, each of the 
Share Enforcement Events will also constitute a Class B Loan Event of Default. 
Governing law 
The Class B3 Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed, the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, the Second 
Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, the Class B3 IBLA, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Obligor Security 
Agreement, the Topco Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Agreement are governed by English law. 
Topco Payment Undertaking 
Pursuant to a deed of undertaking entered into on 2 July 2013 between Topco, the Holdco Group Agent and the 
Obligor Security Trustee (the “Topco Payment Undertaking”), Topco has undertaken to pay or procure 
payment to the Obligor Security Trustee, in the circumstances described therein (including upon occurrence of 
a Share Enforcement Event or a Class B Loan Event of Default), an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the then principal balance outstanding on the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility then outstanding; 
(b) 
any accrued but unpaid interest outstanding in respect of the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility; 
(c) 
any additional amounts payable in respect of deductions or withholding for taxes; and 
(d) 
all other amounts (including, without limitation, any premium and interest on overdue amounts) 
outstanding under the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility and any “Finance 
Documents” referred to in it,

--- Page 261 ---
240 
(each, a “Class B Payment Amount”), on the date specified in a Demand Notice served by the Obligor Security 
Trustee on Topco following the occurrence of a Share Enforcement Event or a Class B Loan Event of Default, 
provided that if a Share Enforcement Event or Class B Loan Event of Default relating to the non-payment of 
principal when due occurs, then the obligation to make such payment will arise without any requirement for the 
service of a demand notice. 
For these purposes: 
“Demand Notice” means a notice from the Obligor Security Trustee (on instruction from the Topco Secured 
Creditor in accordance with the STID) to Topco demanding the payment of the aggregate Class B Payment 
Amounts to a specified account in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Topco Payment Undertaking. 
Failure by Topco to pay the aggregate Class B Payment Amount will give the right to the Obligor Security 
Trustee (on instruction from the Topco Secured Creditors in accordance with the STID) to enforce the Topco 
Security, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the STID. The proceeds from the 
enforcement of the Topco Security must be applied in the most tax efficient manner at the relevant time, 
currently expected to be as a subscription of shares in Holdco (followed by a similar subscription of shares in 
Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower) where such subscription funds shall be used to prepay the Class B 
Authorised Credit Facilities. 
Topco is required to procure that the Borrower will then apply such amounts in payment and/or prepayment of 
amounts outstanding under the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities. (See “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of the Topco Security” for a further 
description of the conditions to enforcement and voting regime.) 
The Obligor Security Trustee will apply all amounts received by it from the Borrower or, as the case may be, 
Topco, in accordance with the terms of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. Topco is required not to 
exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim which it might have under the Topco Payment Undertaking. 
Topco’s obligations under the Topco Payment Undertaking is limited recourse to the Topco Security (as defined 
below) and if there is no Topco Security remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted 
into cash and all amounts available from the Topco Security have been applied to meet Topco’s obligations 
thereunder, then Topco’s obligations under the Topco Payment Undertaking will be deemed to be discharged in 
full. 
The Topco Payment Undertaking and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
will be governed by English law. 
Topco Security Agreement 
Under a security agreement (the “Topco Security Agreement”) entered into between Topco and the Obligor 
Security Trustee, Topco has granted first-ranking fixed security by way of legal mortgage (to take effect in 
equity pending the delivery of a Topco Enforcement Instruction) over the entire issued share capital of Holdco 
and by way of a fixed charge in respect of any loans from Topco to any of its subsidiaries (the “Topco Fixed 
Security”). In addition, Topco has granted a first floating charge over the whole of its undertaking and all of its 
property and, assets whatsoever and wheresoever situate, present and future, other than any property or assets 
effectively charged pursuant to the Topco Fixed Security (together with the Topco Fixed Security, the “Topco 
Security”). The Topco Security is continuing security for the payment discharge and performance of all of 
Topco’s present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent) to any Topco Secured 
Creditor under the Topco Payment Undertaking and each other Topco Transaction Document. The Issuer has 
granted (in the Issuer Deed of Charge) security over its whole right, title, interest and benefit under the Topco

--- Page 262 ---
241 
Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Agreement to the Obligor Security Trustee for the benefit of the 
Topco Secured Creditors. 
The proceeds of enforcement are to be applied by the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the terms of the 
Topco Security Agreement in accordance with the terms of the STID and, in respect of amounts received by the 
Issuer pursuant to the STID, by the Issuer Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge.

--- Page 263 ---
242 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from each issue of Class A Notes under the Programme will be on-lent to the Borrower under the 
terms of a Class A IBLA. The Borrower will apply the proceeds of the Class A IBLA Advances under the Class 
A IBLAs: 
 
to refinance existing indebtedness; and 
 
for general corporate purposes and as permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 264 ---
243 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
References herein to the Class A Notes shall be references to the Sub-Class of the Class A Notes and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to a Class A Global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Class A Global Note; 
(c) 
any Class A Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Class A Global Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
Class A Registered Notes (whether or not issued in definitive form and whether or not in exchange for a 
Class A Global Note in registered form). 
AA Bond Co Limited (the “Issuer”) has established a Note programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of 
Class A Notes (the “Class A Notes”). Class A Notes issued under the Programme on a particular Issue Date 
comprise a Sub-Class of the Class A Notes (each, a “Sub-Class”) in an aggregate nominal amount from time 
to time outstanding not exceeding the Programme Limit. 
Each Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be denominated in different currencies or have different interest rates, 
maturity dates or other terms. Each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes will be fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Class A 
Notes”) and may be denominated in sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or in other currencies subject to compliance 
with applicable law or regulation. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Class A Notes are these terms and conditions (the “Class A 
Conditions”) as may be completed by (a) Part A of a set of final terms in relation to each Sub-Class of the Class 
A Notes (“Final Terms”) or (b) a prospectus relating to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes (a “Drawdown 
Prospectus”). In the event of any inconsistency between these Class A Conditions and the relevant Final Terms 
or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall 
prevail. 
The Class A Notes have been constituted by a note trust deed dated 2 July 2013 (as supplemented by a First 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 April 2014 and a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust 
Deed dated 16 November 2016, and as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from 
time to time, the “Class A Note Trust Deed”), between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as 
trustee for the Class A Noteholders (as defined below) (the “Class A Note Trustee”, which expression includes 
the trustee or trustees for the time being of the Class A Note Trust Deed). 
The Class A Notes have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Class A Agency Agreement”) dated 2 July 2013 (to 
which, among others, the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the other 
Class A Paying Agents or the Class A Transfer Agents and the Class A Registrar are party). As used herein, each 
of “Class A Principal Paying Agent”, “Class A Paying Agents”, “Class A Agent Bank”, “Class A Transfer 
Agent” and/or “Class A Registrar” means, in relation to the Class A Notes, the persons specified in the Class 
A Agency Agreement as the Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class A Paying Agents, Class A Agent Bank, Class 
A Transfer Agents and/or Class A Registrar, respectively, and, in each case, any successor to such person in 
such capacity. “Agents” shall mean the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class 
A Registrar, the Class A Agent Bank, any Calculation Agent (as defined above) appointed thereunder and any 
additional Class A Paying Agents also appointed thereunder. 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a deed of charge (as amended on 13 April 2015, the “Issuer Deed of 
Charge”) with Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (in this capacity the “Issuer Security Trustee”) as security 
trustee, pursuant to which the Issuer grants certain fixed and floating charge security (the “Issuer Security”) to 
the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and the other Issuer Secured Creditors (as defined below), the Class A Note

--- Page 265 ---
244 
Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Trustee for itself and on behalf of 
the Class B Noteholders, each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider, each Principal 
Paying Agent, each Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any) each Transfer Agent, each Registrar, the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Class A Agent Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Agreement and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider (each as defined below) (together the “Issuer Secured 
Creditors”). 
On 24 June 2013, the Issuer entered into a dealership agreement (the “Dealership Agreement”) with the dealers 
named therein (the “Dealers”) in respect of the Programme, pursuant to which any of the Dealers may enter 
into subscription agreements (each a “Subscription Agreement”) in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes issued by the Issuer, and pursuant to which the Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant Class A 
Notes. In any Subscription Agreement relating to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes, any of the Dealers may agree 
to procure subscribers to subscribe for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
The Issuer entered into a liquidity facility agreement dated 26 February 2021 (the “Liquidity Facility 
Agreement”) with certain liquidity facility providers (each a “Liquidity Facility Provider” and together, the 
“Liquidity Facility Providers”) pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility Providers agree to make certain 
facilities available to meet liquidity shortfalls. 
The Issuer may enter into certain currency and interest rate hedging agreements (together, the “Issuer Hedging 
Agreements”) with certain hedge counterparties (together, the “Issuer Hedge Counterparties”) in respect of 
certain Sub-Classes of Class A Notes, pursuant to which the Issuer hedges certain of its currency and interest 
rate obligations. 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a common terms agreement with amongst others, the Obligors and the 
Obligor Secured Creditors (the “CTA”) and a security trust and intercreditor deed between amongst others, the 
Obligors and the other Obligor Secured Creditors (the “STID”). 
The Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Notes (including the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus), the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Agency Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the 
Issuer Hedging Agreements, each Class A IBLA, the STID, the CTA, the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, 
the master definitions agreement between, among others, the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee dated 2 July 
2013 and amended and restated on 13 April 2015 and further amended and restated on 29 January 2021 (the 
“Master Definitions Agreement” or “MDA”), the account bank agreement between, among others, the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee (the “Issuer Account Bank Agreement”), the Tax Deed 
of Covenant and any related document (each, if not defined above, as defined below) are, in relation to the Class 
A Notes, together referred to as the “Issuer Class A Transaction Documents“. 
In these Class A Conditions, words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural number also and 
vice versa. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in these Class A Conditions shall bear the meanings given 
to them in the MDA and these Class A Conditions shall be construed in accordance with the principles of 
construction set out in the MDA. 
Certain statements in these Class A Conditions are summaries of the detailed provisions appearing on the face 
of the Class A Notes (which expression shall include the body thereof), in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus or in the Class A Note Trust Deed, the STID, the CTA or the Issuer Deed of Charge. Copies of the 
Class A Note Trust Deed, STID, CTA, MDA and the Issuer Deed of Charge are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified offices of the Class A Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Class A 
Bearer Notes) or the specified offices of the Class A Transfer Agents and the Class A Registrar (in the case of 
Class A Registered Notes), save that, if the relevant Class A Note is an unlisted Sub-Class of any Class A Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will only be obtainable by a Class A Noteholder holding

--- Page 266 ---
245 
one or more unlisted Class A Notes of that Sub-Class and such Class A Noteholder must provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Class A Notes and identity. 
The Class A Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the STID, CTA and other Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents and the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and to have notice of those 
provisions of the Class A Agency Agreement and the other Class A Issuer Transaction Documents applicable 
to them. In the event of any inconsistency between these Class A Conditions and the terms set out in the Class 
A Note Trust Deed, the STID, the Issuer Deed of Charge and the CTA, the terms of the Class A Note Trust 
Deed, the STID, the Issuer Deed of Charge or the CTA (as the case may be) shall prevail. 
Any reference in these conditions to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Class A Notes are in bearer form (“Class A Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Class A 
Registered Notes”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and, in the case 
of Class A Definitive Notes, serially numbered in the Specified Denomination(s) provided that in the 
case of any Class A Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be £100,000, €100,000, U.S.$200,000 or not less than the 
equivalent of €100,000 in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Class A Notes (or 
such other amount required by applicable law from time to time as stated in the applicable Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus) and in the case of the Class A Notes in respect of which the publication of a 
prospectus is not required under the Prospectus Regulation the minimum Specified Denomination shall 
not be less than that required by applicable law as stated in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. Class A Notes may be issued in such denomination and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount if specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Class A Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Class A Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Class A Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Class A Bearer Notes. References in these Class 
A Conditions to “Class A Notes” include Class A Bearer Notes and Class A Registered Notes and all 
Sub-Classes of Class A Notes and Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
So long as the Class A Notes are represented by a temporary Class A Global Note or permanent Class A 
Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Class A Notes shall be tradable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, 
the lowest Specified Denomination). 
The Class A Notes will be Fixed Rate Class A Notes. 
Interest bearing Class A Bearer Notes are issued with Class A Coupons (as defined below) (and, where 
appropriate, a Class A Talon (as defined below)) attached. After all the Class A Coupons attached to, or 
issued in respect of, any Class A Bearer Note which was issued with a Class A Talon have matured, a 
coupon sheet comprising further Class A Coupons (other than Class A Coupons which would be void) 
and (if necessary) one further Class A Talon will be issued against presentation of the relevant Class A 
Talon at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent. Any Class A Bearer Note the principal amount 
of which is redeemable in instalments may be issued with one or more Class A Receipts (as defined 
below) (and, where appropriate, a Class A Talon) attached thereto.

--- Page 267 ---
246 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Class A Bearer Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons (if any) passes by 
delivery. Title to Class A Registered Notes passes by registration in the register (the “Class A Register”), 
which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Class A Registrar. 
In these Class A Conditions, subject as provided below, each reference to “Class A Noteholder” (in 
relation to a Class A Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon), “holder” and “Holder” 
means (i) in relation to a Class A Bearer Note, the bearer of any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, 
Class A Receipt or Class A Talon (as the case may be) and (ii) in relation to a Class A Registered Note, 
the person in whose name a Class A Registered Note is registered, as the case may be. The expressions 
“Class A Noteholder”, “holder” and “Holder” include the holders of instalment receipts (“Class A 
Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to such Class A 
Notes in bearer form (the “Class A Receiptholders”), the holders of the coupons (“Class A Coupons”) 
(if any) appertaining to interest bearing Class A Notes in bearer form (the “Class A Couponholders”), 
and the expression Class A Couponholders or Class A Receiptholders includes the holders of talons 
(“Class A Talons”) in relation to Class A Coupons or Class A Receipts as applicable. 
The bearer of any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon and the 
registered holder of any Class A Registered Note will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Class A Note, or its theft or loss or any 
express or constructive notice of any claim by any other person of any interest therein other than, in the 
case of a Class A Registered Note, a duly executed transfer of such Class A Note in the form endorsed 
on the Class A Note in respect thereof) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
Class A Notes which are represented by a Class A Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of The Depository Trust Company, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
(c) 
Further Class A Notes 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders, Class A 
Receiptholders or Class A Couponholders, create and issue further Class A Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Sub-Class of Class A Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest). Accordingly, a Sub-Class of Class A Notes may comprise a number of tranches in 
addition to the initial tranche of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Such further tranches of the same Sub-
Class of Class A Notes will be consolidated and form a single Sub-Class with the prior issues of that 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
2 
Exchanges of Class A Bearer Notes for Class A Registered Notes and Transfers of Class A Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Class A Notes 
Subject to Class A Condition 2(e) (“—Closed Periods”), Class A Bearer Notes may, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be exchanged at the expense of the transferor Class 
A Noteholder for the same aggregate principal amount of Class A Registered Notes at the request in 
writing of the relevant Class A Noteholder and upon surrender of the Class A Bearer Note to be 
exchanged together with all unmatured Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons (if any) 
relating to it at the specified office of the Class A Registrar or any Class A Transfer Agent or Class A 
Paying Agent. Where, however, a Class A Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date

--- Page 268 ---
247 
(as defined below) for any payment of interest or Class A Note Interest Amount (as defined below), the 
Class A Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Class A Note Interest Amount need not be 
surrendered with it. Class A Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Class A Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Class A Registered Notes 
A Class A Registered Note may be transferred upon the surrender of the relevant Class A Registered 
Definitive Note, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of any Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar. However, a Class A Registered 
Note may not be transferred unless (i) the principal amount of Class A Registered Notes proposed to be 
transferred and (ii) the principal amount of the balance of Class A Registered Notes to be retained by the 
relevant transferor are, in each case, Specified Denominations. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Class A Registered Notes represented by a Class A Registered Definitive Note, a new Class 
A Registered Definitive Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor 
within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class 
A Registrar) of receipt of such form of transfer. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Class A Registered Definitive Notes 
Each new Class A Registered Definitive Note to be issued upon exchange of Class A Bearer Notes or 
transfer of Class A Registered Notes will, within three business days (in the place of the specified office 
of the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar) of receipt of such request for exchange or form 
of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A 
Registrar stipulated in the request for exchange or form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the Class 
A Noteholder entitled to the Class A Registered Definitive Note to such address as may be specified in 
such request for exchange or form of transfer. For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for 
exchange received by the Class A Registrar after the Record Date (as defined below) in respect of any 
payment due in respect of Class A Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by 
the Class A Registrar until the Business Day (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”) 
below) following the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the Expense of Transferor Class A Noteholder 
Registration of Class A Notes on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the transferor 
Class A Noteholder by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar, 
and upon payment of (or the giving of such indemnity as the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A 
Registrar may require in respect of) any Tax which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No transfer of a Class A Registered Note may be registered, nor may any exchange of a Class A Bearer 
Note for a Class A Registered Note occur during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal, interest, Class A Note Interest Amount (as defined below) or Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) on that Class A Note. 
(f) 
Regulations Concerning the Transfer of Class A Registered Notes 
All transfers of Class A Registered Notes and entries on the Class A Register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Class A Registered Notes scheduled to the Class A Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Class A Registrar to any Class A Noteholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 269 ---
248 
3 
Status of Class A Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Class A Notes 
The Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Talons and Class A Receipts (if any) are direct and (subject 
to Class A Condition 19 (“—Limited Recourse”) unconditional obligations of the Issuer, are secured in 
the manner described in Class A Condition 4 (“—Security, Priority and Relationship with the Issuer 
Secured Creditors”) and rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves. 
(b) 
Class A Note Trustee not responsible for monitoring compliance 
The Class A Note Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance by the Issuer with any of 
its obligations under the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents except by means of receipt of a certificate 
from the Issuer which will state, among other things, that no Class A Note Event of Default is 
outstanding. The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificates absolutely. The Class 
A Note Trustee is not responsible for monitoring compliance by any of the parties with their respective 
obligations under the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents. The Class A Note Trustee may call for and 
is at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence a certificate signed by any one director of the Issuer, the 
Obligors (or any of them) or any other party to any Issuer Class A Transaction Document to the effect 
that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is in the opinion of the persons so certifying suitable 
or expedient or as to any other fact or matter upon which the Class A Note Trustee may require to be 
satisfied. The Class A Note Trustee is in no way bound to call for further evidence or be responsible for 
any loss that may be occasioned by acting on any such certificate although the same may contain some 
error or is not authentic. The Class A Note Trustee is entitled to rely upon any certificate believed by it 
to be genuine and will not be liable for so acting. 
4 
Security, Priority and Relationship with the Issuer Secured Creditors 
(a) 
Security 
As continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Issuer Secured Liabilities (including all 
moneys payable in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and otherwise 
under the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge (including the remuneration, expenses 
and other claims of the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and any Receiver appointed 
under the Issuer Deed of Charge), the Issuer has entered in to the Issuer Deed of Charge to create as far 
as permitted by and subject to compliance with any applicable law, the following security, (the “Issuer 
Security”) in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on trust for the other Issuer Secured 
Creditors: 
(i) 
an assignment by the Issuer by way of a first fixed security of its right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the Issuer Charged Documents; 
(ii) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts, and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts and charges over investments; 
(iii) 
a first fixed charge over all the rights of the Issuer in respect of all investments in Cash Equivalent 
Investments of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
a first floating charge over all the Issuer’s assets (other than its rights in respect of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Agreement), including, without limitation, the Issuer’s uncalled capital 
other than any assets at the time otherwise effectively charged or assigned by way of the first 
fixed charge or assignment above, 
all as more particularly set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge.

--- Page 270 ---
249 
All Class A Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme will, after the Class A Closing Date for such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes, share in the Issuer Security constituted by the Issuer Deed of Charge, upon 
and subject to the terms thereof. 
(b) 
Relationship among Class A Noteholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors 
The Class A Noteholders from time to time are Issuer Secured Creditors, provided that the holders of 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors until (but excluding) the Class A 
Closing Date in respect of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. The Class A Note Trustee is an Issuer 
Secured Creditor on its own behalf and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders from time to time. 
The Class A Note Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Class A Note Trustee’s obligations to 
consider the interests of Class A Noteholders as regards all discretions of the Class A Note Trustee 
(except where expressly provided or otherwise referred to in Class A Condition 15 (“—Class A Note 
Trustee Protections”)). 
For so long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, prior to the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration 
Notice, the Issuer shall be required to apply all amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Transaction 
Account in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and, following the delivery 
of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, the Issuer Post- Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
(c) 
Enforceable Security 
In the event of the Issuer Security becoming enforceable as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge, the 
Issuer Security Trustee shall, if instructed by the Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors (in accordance with 
the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge) enforce its rights with respect to the Issuer Security, but without 
any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect thereof on, or 
being required to account for such action to, any particular Issuer Secured Creditor, provided that the 
Issuer Security Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action unless it is indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes for which Escrow 
Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, until (but 
excluding) the Class A Closing Date for such Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the holders of such Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors or Class A Noteholders for purposes of any 
enforcement of the Issuer Security. 
(d) 
Application After Enforcement 
After enforcement of the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee shall (to the extent that such funds 
are available) use funds standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts and proceeds of the enforcement of 
the Issuer Security to make payments in accordance with the Issuer Post- Acceleration Priority of 
Payments (as set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge). 
(e) 
Issuer Security Trustee not liable for security 
The Issuer Security Trustee will not make, and will not be liable for any failure to make, any 
investigations in relation to the property which is the subject of the Issuer Security, and shall not be 
bound to enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Issuer 
Security, whether such defect or failure was known to the Issuer Security Trustee or might have been 
discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of remedy or not, nor will it have any 
liability for the enforceability of the Issuer Security created under the Issuer Deed of Charge whether as 
a result of any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting 
such Issuer Security or otherwise. The Issuer Security Trustee shall have no responsibility for the value 
of any such Issuer Security.

--- Page 271 ---
250 
5 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Class A Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with the Covenants 
as set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in 
relation to any matter relating to such covenants and to accept without liability any such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the relevant fact or matter stated in such certificate. 
6 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
Each Class A Note bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding as defined below from the Class 
A Interest Commencement Date (as defined below) at the Class A Interest Rate (as defined below), such 
interest being payable in arrear (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus) on each Interest Payment Date (as defined below). 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Class A Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a 
Class A Note, that part only of such Class A Note) on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Class A Interest Rate that would otherwise 
apply in respect of unpaid amounts on such Class A Notes at such time to the Class A Note Relevant 
Date (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)). 
If any maximum rate of interest or minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, then the Class A Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Class A Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—
Definitions”)), then if the business day convention specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
[Reserved] 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
This Class A Condition 6(d) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
specify the Class A Notes as Fixed Rate Class A Notes.

--- Page 272 ---
251 
Subject to the next paragraph, the Class A Interest Rate applicable to the Class A Notes for each Class A 
Note Interest Period will be the Class A Initial Interest Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
If a Class A Revised Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the 
Class A Interest Rate applicable to the Class A Notes for each Class A Note Interest Period from (and 
including) the Expected Maturity Date to (and including) the Final Maturity Date will be such Class A 
Revised Interest Rate. 
(e) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Class A Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up). For these purposes, “unit” means, with respect to any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Class A Note for each Class A Note Interest Period shall 
be calculated by applying the Class A Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Class A Note divided by the Calculation Amount (as defined 
in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)) unless a Class A Note Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such period in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Class A Note for such Class A Note Interest Period will equal such Class A 
Note Interest Amount. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Class A Interest Rates, Class A Note Interest Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Class A Interest Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) may be required 
to calculate any Redemption Amount or the amount of an instalment of scheduled principal (an 
“Instalment Amount”), obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, the Class A Agent 
Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will determine the Class A Interest Rate and calculate the 
amount of interest payable (the “Class A Note Interest Amounts”) in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of Class A Notes for the relevant Class A Note Interest Period, calculate the Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Class A Interest Rate and the Class A Note Interest Amounts for each Class A 
Note Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Redemption Amount, Principal Amount Outstanding or any Instalment Amount to be notified to, in the 
case of Class A Bearer Notes, the Class A Paying Agents or in the case of Class A Registered Notes, the 
Class A Registrar, and, in each case, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Class A Noteholders and 
the relevant Stock Exchange and each other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system

--- Page 273 ---
252 
by which the relevant Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as possible after its determination but in no event later than (i) (in case of notification to the relevant 
Stock Exchange and each other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the 
relevant Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation) the commencement 
of the relevant Class A Note Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of a Class A 
Interest Rate and Class A Note Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. The Class A Note Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Class A Note Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
relevant Class A Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing, to 
the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and to the Class A Noteholders in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”). If the Class A Notes become due and payable 
under Class A Condition 10 (“—Class A Note Events of Default”), the accrued interest and the Class A 
Interest Rate payable in respect of the Class A Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously provided in accordance with this Class A Condition but no publication of the Class A Interest 
Rate or the Class A Note Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless otherwise required by the 
Class A Note Trustee. The determination of each Class A Interest Rate, Class A Note Interest Amount, 
Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) pursuant 
to this Class A Condition 6 (“—Interest and Other Calculations”), shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent, if applicable) selected by the 
Issuer with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre if provision is made for them in these Class A 
Conditions applicable to the Class A Notes and for so long as any of them are outstanding. If the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable, is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, fails duly to establish the Class A Interest Rate for any Class A Note Interest Period or to 
calculate the Class A Note Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint (with the 
prior written consent of the Class A Note Trustee) a successor to act as such in its place. 
(i) 
[Reserved]. 
(j) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Class A Condition 6 (“—Interest and 
Other Calculations”) whether by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, each Obligor, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A Note Trustee, 
the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders 
and Class A Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Obligors, the 
Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class A Receiptholders or the Class A Couponholders 
shall attach to the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
7 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Expected Maturity

--- Page 274 ---
253 
Unless previously redeemed in full, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, or unless such Class 
A Note is stated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as having no fixed Expected 
Maturity Date, the Class A Notes will be redeemed on their Expected Maturity Date as follows and to 
the following extent: 
(i) 
if, by the Expected Maturity Date, the Issuer has received repayment of the related advance (in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Class A IBLA) of a principal amount equal to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding, then the relevant Class A Notes will be redeemed in full (after 
exchange of such principal amount to the relevant currency pursuant to any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement, if such Issuer Hedging Agreement has been entered into); and 
(ii) 
if, by the Expected Maturity Date, the Issuer has received repayment of the related advance (in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Class A IBLA) of a principal amount less than the 
Principal Amount Outstanding, then the relevant Class A Notes will be redeemed pro rata in part 
to the extent of the amount which is so deposited (after exchange of such principal amount to the 
relevant currency pursuant to the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, if such an Issuer Hedging 
Agreement has been entered into). 
If the relevant Class A Notes are not redeemed in full by the Expected Maturity Date, then on each 
Interest Payment Date which thereafter occurs, the Class A Notes will be redeemed in full or, as the case 
may be, pro rata in part to the extent of the principal amount (after exchange of such principal amount 
to the relevant currency pursuant to the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, if such an Issuer Hedging 
Agreement has been entered into or, if there is no longer an Issuer Hedging Agreement in place and the 
Class A Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of the related advance, at a spot 
rate of exchange) which, if any, is received by the Issuer in repayment of the related advance(s) (in 
accordance with the provisions the relevant Class A IBLA) until the earlier of (a) such time as the Class 
A Notes are redeemed in full or (b) the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for the Class A Notes. 
The Class A IBLAs entered into by the Issuer and the Borrower in respect of the Class A IBLA Advances 
corresponding to the Sub-Class A1 Notes, the Sub-Class A2 Notes, the Sub-Class A3 Notes and the Sub-
Class A4 Notes each designate the 12-month period prior to the Final Maturity Date of the respective 
Class A IBLA Advance as a Cash Accumulation Period and, in each case, the Required Accumulation 
Period is 100% 
In respect of any other Sub-Class of Class A Notes, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
specify Cash Accumulation as “Applicable”, the Class A IBLA and the Class A IBLA Advance 
corresponding to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall designate the specified period prior to the Final 
Maturity Date of such Class A IBLA Advance as a Cash Accumulation Period and the Required 
Accumulation Percentage shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be. 
(b) 
Final Redemption 
If the Sub-Class of the Class A Notes have not previously been redeemed in full, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be finally redeemed at the then Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Final Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
(c) 
Optional Redemption 
Subject to Condition 7(k) (“—Modified Optional Redemption”), if Issuer Optional Redemption is 
selected in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, subject as provided below, and provided that there

--- Page 275 ---
254 
is no Class A Note Event of Default or CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default then 
outstanding, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 15 days’ prior written notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders, 
the Issuer may (prior to the Expected Maturity Date applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes) redeem any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole or in part (but on a pro rata basis only) on any 
Class A Note Interest Payment Date applicable to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes at their Redemption 
Amount, as follows: 
(i) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in sterling, the Redemption Amount will, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be an amount equal to the higher of (i) 
their Principal Amount Outstanding and (ii) the price determined to be appropriate by a financial 
adviser in London (selected by the Issuer and approved by the Class A Note Trustee) as being the 
price at which the Gross Redemption Yield (as defined below) on such Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes on the Reference Date (as defined below) is equal to (x) the Gross Redemption Yield at 
3:00 p.m. (London time) on the Reference Date on the Reference Gilt (as defined below) while 
that stock is in issue, and thereafter such UK government stock as the Issuer may, with the advice 
of three persons operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the Issuer) determine to be 
appropriate, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, plus, in either case, accrued but unpaid interest on 
the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(c))(i), “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield 
expressed as a percentage and calculated on a basis consistent with the basis indicated by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office publication “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields” published on 8 June 1998 with effect from 1 November 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, page 5 or any replacement therefor and, for the purposes of 
such calculation, the date of redemption of the relevant Fixed Rate Class A Notes shall be 
assumed to be the earlier of (A) the Call Date (as defined in Class A Condition 7(k) below) if any 
is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date and not the Final Maturity Date and “Reference Gilt” 
means the treasury stock specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, or if no 
such security is specified, the Treasury stock whose modified duration most closely matches that 
of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes on the Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the Issuer). 
(ii) 
[Reserved.] 
(iii) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in euro, the Redemption Amount will, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be an amount equal to 
the higher of (i) their Principal Amount Outstanding and (ii) the present value at the Reference 
Date (as defined below) of (A) their Principal Amount Outstanding plus (B) all required interest 
payments due on the Sub-Class of Class A Notes (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the 
date on which the Class A Notes are to be redeemed (the “Redemption Date”)), computed using 
a discount rate equal to (x) the Bund Rate as of the Reference Date and assuming the relevant 
Fixed Rate Notes would otherwise have been redeemed on the earlier of (A) the Call Date (as 
defined in Class A Condition 7(k) below) if any is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date, plus (y) 
the Redemption Margin plus, in either case, accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(c)(iii), “Bund Rate” means, with respect to any 
Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity as of such date of 
the Comparable German Bund Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable German Bund Issue

--- Page 276 ---
255 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable German Bund Price 
on such date of determination; “Comparable German Bund Issue” means the German 
Bundesanleihe security specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if no 
such security is specified or the specified security is no longer in issue, the German Bundesanleihe 
security selected by any Reference German Bund Dealer as having a fixed maturity most nearly 
equal to the period from such Reference Date to the Expected Maturity Date and that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities in a principal amount approximately 
equal to the then Principal Amount Outstanding of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes and of a 
maturity most nearly equal to the Expected Maturity Date provided, however, that if the period 
from such Redemption Date to the Expected Maturity Date is less than one year, a fixed maturity 
of one year shall be used; “Comparable German Bund Price” means, with respect to any 
relevant date, the average of all Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations for such date (which, 
in any event, must include at least two such quotations), after excluding the highest and lowest 
such Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations or, if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than 
four such Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations; 
“Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser in Frankfurt (selected by the Issuer and approved 
by the Class A Note Trustee); “Reference German Bund Dealer” means any dealer of German 
Bundesanleihe securities appointed by the Financial Adviser; and “Reference German Bund 
Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference German Bund Dealer and any 
relevant date, the average as determined by the Financial Adviser of the bid and offered prices 
for the Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference German Bund Dealer at or 
about 3:30 p.m. (Frankfurt, Germany time) on the Reference Date. 
(iv) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in U.S. dollars, the Redemption Amount 
will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be an 
amount equal to (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding plus (ii) the accrued but unpaid interest on 
the Principal Amount Outstanding, plus the greater of (A) 1% of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding and (B) the excess of: (1) the present value at as of the Reference Date of the 
redemption price of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes at the Expected Maturity Date, plus all 
required interest payments, that would otherwise be due to be paid on the Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes during the period between such Reference Date and the earlier of (A) the Call Date (as 
defined in Class A Condition 7(k) below) if any is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date, excluding 
accrued but unpaid interest, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate (as defined 
below) at such Reference Date plus the Redemption Margin, over (2) the Principal Amount 
Outstanding on such Reference Date. 
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the yield, under the heading 
which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently 
published statistical release designated “H.15(519)” or any successor publication which is 
published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which 
establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under 
the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable 
Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within three months before or after the Expected Maturity Date, 
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury 
Issue shall be determined and the Treasury Rate shall be interpolated or extrapolated from such 
yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest month) or (ii) if such release (or any

--- Page 277 ---
256 
successor release) is not published during the week preceding the calculation date or does not 
contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the 
Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date, in each case calculated on the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the redemption date, where: 
“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the U.S. Treasury security selected by any Reference 
Treasury Dealer as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes from the Reference Date to the Expected Maturity Date, that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of a maturity most nearly equal to the Expected Maturity Date; 
“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, if clause (ii) of the 
definition of “Treasury Rate” is applicable, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer 
Quotations for such date (which, in any event, must include at least two such quotations), after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, of if the Issuer 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such 
quotations; 
“Federal Reserve System” means the central banking system of the United States; 
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means any primary U.S. government securities dealer appointed 
by the Issuer; and 
“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations” means with respect to each Reference Treasury 
Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked 
prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue, expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount, quoted in writing to the Issuer by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the third Business Day immediately preceding such redemption date. 
In any case, prior to giving any such notice, the Issuer must certify (as further specified in the 
Finance Documents) to the Class A Note Trustee that it will have the funds, not subject to any 
interest (other than under the Issuer Security) of any other person, required to redeem the Class 
A Notes as aforesaid and the Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
without liability to any person. 
In the case of a partial redemption of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes represented by a Class A 
Global Note (as defined in the Class A Note Trust Deed) pursuant to this Class A Condition, the 
Class A Notes to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Class A Notes”) will be selected in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion), not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed 
Class A Notes in definitive form, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Class A Notes 
will be published in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) not less than 15 days 
(or such shorter period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Class A Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Class A Condition 7(c) and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—
Notices”) at least five days (or such shorter period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus) prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 278 ---
257 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons 
In addition, if at any time the Issuer satisfies the Class A Note Trustee: 
(i) 
that the Issuer would become obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Class A Notes (other than in respect of default interest), any amount 
for or on account of Taxes by the laws or regulations of the UK or Jersey or any political 
subdivision thereof, or any other authority thereof by reason of any change in or amendment to 
such laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
(ii) 
that, by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which 
change becomes effective on or after the Closing Date, the Issuer is no longer a “securitisation 
company” (as defined in the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 
2006/3296) (for the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(d)(ii), the “Regulations”)) and is 
otherwise unable to claim a Tax treatment in the United Kingdom that would prevent a material 
increase in the Tax liabilities of the Issuer compared to the treatment previously provided to the 
Issuer under the Regulations; 
(iii) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that the Borrower would on the next Class A Note 
Interest Payment Date be required to make any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
Taxes from payments in respect of a Class A IBLA; 
(iv) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that an Issuer Hedge Counterparty would be 
entitled to terminate a Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms as a result of the Issuer 
or the Issuer Hedge Counterparty being required to make any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any Taxes from payments in respect of an Issuer Hedging Agreement; or 
(v) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that it has or will have the result that it will become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under any Class A IBLA or to fund or to 
maintain its participation in the Class A IBLA Advances, 
then the Issuer may, in consultation with the Borrower and the Class A Note Trustee and in order to avoid 
the relevant deductions, withholding or illegality but is not obliged to, (i) use its reasonable endeavours 
to arrange the substitution of a company incorporated under the laws of another jurisdiction approved 
by the Class A Note Trustee as principal debtor under the Class A Notes and as lender under a Class A 
IBLA upon satisfying the conditions for substitution of the Issuer as set out in Class A Condition 14 (“—
Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution”) or (ii) exchange 
any Class A Bearer Notes into Class A Registered Notes in accordance with Class A Condition 2(a) (“—
Exchange of Class A Notes”) if such exchange will be effective to avoid the relevant deduction or 
withholding or illegality. If the Issuer elects not to seek to avoid the relevant deductions, or is unable to 
arrange a substitution as described above having used reasonable endeavours to do so or an exchange of 
Class A Bearer Notes to Class A Registered Notes would not prevent any withholding or deduction or 
illegality and, as a result, the relevant deduction or withholding or illegality is continuing then the Issuer 
may, upon giving not more than 15 nor less than 5 Business Days’ prior written notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A 
Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“Notices”), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes on any Interest Payment Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding 
plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon up to but excluding the date of redemption.

--- Page 279 ---
258 
If the Issuer satisfies the Class A Note Trustee immediately before giving the notice referred to below, 
that one or more of the events described in this Class A Condition 7(d) above is continuing and that the 
effect of the relevant event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date and having given not more than 60 nor 
less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable), (or, in the case of an event described in this 
Class A Condition 7(d)(iv) above, such shorter period expiring on or before the latest date permitted by 
relevant law) to the Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A 
Condition 16 (“—Notices”), redeem all, but not some only, of the Class A Notes at their respective 
principal amount outstanding together with accrued but unpaid interest, if any, up to but excluding the 
date of redemption. Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to Class A Condition 7(c) (“—
Optional Redemption”) and Class A Condition 7(d) (“—Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons”), 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Class A Note Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that (x) one or more of the events described in (a) above is continuing and that the effect of the 
relevant event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and (y) the 
Issuer will have the necessary funds to pay all principal and interest due, if any, in respect of the Class 
A Notes on the relevant Class A Note Interest Payment Date and to discharge all other amounts required 
to be paid by it on the relevant Class A Note Interest Payment Date in priority to, or pari passu with, the 
Class A Notes under the Issuer Payment Priorities; and (B) if required by the Class A Note Trustee, an 
opinion (in form and substance satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee) of independent legal advisors 
of recognised standing opining on the relevant event described in (d). The Class A Note Trustee shall be 
entitled, without further enquiry to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out in (x) and (y) above, and it shall be conclusive and binding on the Class A 
Noteholders. 
The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to accept and rely without further enquiry on any certificate 
referred to in this Class A Condition 7(d) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Class A Noteholders, 
the Class A Receiptholders and the Class A Couponholders. 
(e) 
Early Redemption on Prepayment of a Class A IBLA 
If: 
(i) 
the Borrower gives notice to the Issuer under a Class A IBLA that it intends to voluntarily prepay 
all or part of any advance made under such Class A IBLA or the Borrower is required to prepay 
all or part of any advance made under any Class A IBLA; and 
(ii) 
in each case, such advance was funded by the Issuer from the proceeds of a Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, 
the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 10 nor less than 5 Business Days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”), (where such advance is being prepaid in whole) 
redeem all of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes or (where part only of such advance is being 
prepaid) the proportion of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes which the proposed prepayment 
amount bears to the amount of the relevant advance. 
Other than where a prepayment or redemption is being effected as contemplated by Class A Condition 
7(a) (“—Expected Maturity”), Class A Condition 7(d) (“—Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons”) 
or Class A Condition 7(f) (“—Early redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice”), any early 
redemption of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes as a result of a prepayment of a Class A IBLA 
Advance will be effected at its Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Class A Condition

--- Page 280 ---
259 
7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”) plus accrued but unpaid interest on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes up to the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Early redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice 
If the Issuer receives (or is to receive) any monies from any Obligor following the service of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice in repayment of all or any part of a Class A IBLA Advance, the Issuer shall, upon 
giving not more than 10 nor less than 5 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A 
Condition 16 (“—Notices”) apply such monies to redeem the then outstanding relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes corresponding to the advance under a Class A IBLA which is prepaid at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest on the next Interest Payment Date (or, if sooner, 
Final Maturity Date) in accordance with the relevant Issuer Payment Priorities. In the event that there 
are insufficient monies to redeem all of the particular outstanding Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the Sub-
Class of Class A Notes shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes to be redeemed bears to the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
(g) 
Purchase of Class A Notes 
Provided that no Class A Note Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer, the Borrower 
and any other members of the Holdco Group will be permitted, subject, in the case of the Borrower and 
any other member of the Holdco Group to the terms of the CTA, to purchase any of the Class A Notes 
(together with all unmatured Class A Receipts and Class A Coupons) in the open market. If the purchaser 
of the Class A Notes is the Issuer, it shall cancel such Class A Notes and, if the purchaser of the Class A 
Notes is the Borrower or any other member of the Holdco Group, it shall surrender such Class A Notes 
to the Issuer and the Issuer shall cancel such Class A Notes and, in each case, a corresponding amount 
of the advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes will be treated as prepaid at par. 
Any Class A Note purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower or any other member of the 
Holdco Group shall, for so long as it is held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower or any member 
of the Holdco Group, cease to have any voting rights attributed thereto and shall be excluded from any 
quorum or voting calculations set out in the Class A Conditions, the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer 
Deed of Charge or the STID, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Class B Call Option 
(i) 
The Class A Notes are issued subject to the provisions of the Class B Call Option (as defined in 
and set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge). By holding any Class A Note, each Class A Noteholder 
acknowledges and agrees (A) that it is bound by the terms of the Class B Call Option and (B) that 
the Class A Note Trustee is party to the Issuer Deed of Charge and bound by the provisions thereof 
relating, inter alia, to the Class B Call Option. 
(ii) 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition thereof occurs 
and the Class B Call Option is exercised during the Class B Call Option Period under the terms 
of the Issuer Deed of Charge, then: 
(A) 
the relevant Class B Noteholders will be obliged to purchase all (but not some) of (x) the 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes which have not been paid on their Expected Maturity Date 
and such Class A Noteholders will be obliged to sell all (but not some only) of their 
holdings of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes to the relevant Class B Noteholders, in 
accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at a price equal to the aggregate

--- Page 281 ---
260 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes together with accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon and (y) any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other 
than any Class A IBLA) which is due to mature on such Expected Maturity Date and such 
Class A Authorised Credit Provider will be obliged to assign or otherwise transfer all (but 
not some only) of their interest in such Class A Authorised Credit Facility to the relevant 
Class B Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at a price 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon; provided that in the case of (y) above, 
each Class B Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee at 
the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option that is not, and, following exercise of 
the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the Borrower for purposes of Section 
363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; and 
(B) 
the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) may: 
(I) 
surrender such Class A Notes to the Issuer for cancellation (and a corresponding 
amount of the Class A IBLA Advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA 
attributable to the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be treated as prepaid) 
(or enter into an alternative arrangement which achieves the same commercial 
objective) and surrender and cancel any amount outstanding under any purchased 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (or enter into an alternative arrangement which 
achieves the same commercial objective). In each case, the relevant Class B 
Noteholder(s) shall provide a tax opinion from reputable tax counsel addressed to 
(x) the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Borrower 
and the Obligor in the case of the surrender of the Class A Notes and the deemed 
prepayment of the related Class A IBLA and (y) the Borrower and the Obligor 
Security Trustee, in the case of any cancellation of amounts outstanding under any 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility, to confirm that the surrender and cancellation 
of the Class A Notes, the Class A IBLA and/or the relevant Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility or the entry into any alternative arrangements to achieve the same 
commercial objective, as the case may be, will not result in any adverse tax 
consequences for the Issuer or the Borrower, as applicable; or 
(II) 
purchase all (but not some only) of each other Sub-Class of Class A Notes then 
outstanding at a price equal to: 
(1) 
in the case of any Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in Sterling, the 
higher of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Fixed Rate Class A 
Notes plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (ii) the price (as reported 
in writing to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee by a financial advisor 
appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note 
Trustee) expressed as a percentage (and rounded, if necessary, to the third 
decimal place (0.0005 being rounded upwards)) at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on the relevant class of Class A Notes on the Relevant 
Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at 3.00 p.m. (London time) 
plus 50 basis points (the Make Whole) on that date of the Relevant Treasury 
Stock on the basis of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, as 
aforesaid) of the offered prices of the Relevant Treasury Stock quoted by 
the Reference Market Makers (on a dealing basis for settlement on the next

--- Page 282 ---
261 
following dealing day in London) at or about 3.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the Relevant Date plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Fixed Rate Class A Notes and so that, for the purpose 
of this sub-paragraph (II): Reference Market Makers means three brokers 
and/ or London gilt-edged market makers selected by the Issuer and 
approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee; Relevant Date means the 
date which is the fifth business day in London prior to the date of purchase; 
Gross Redemption Yield means a yield calculated on the basis set out by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (third edition 
published 16/03/2005); and Relevant Treasury Stock means such United 
Kingdom government stock as selected by the Issuer and as the Class A 
Note Trustee may approve, with the advice of three brokers and/or gilt-
edged market makers or such other three persons operating in the gilt-edged 
market to be a benchmark gilt the maturity of which most closely matches 
the Expected Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes as 
calculated by a financial advisor selected by the Issuer and approved in 
writing by the Class A Note Trustee; and 
(2) 
in the case of any Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in euro or U.S. 
dollars, at a price equal to the Redemption Amount of such Class A Notes 
as determined in accordance with Class A Condition 7(c) or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or drawdown prospectus, as the case 
may be. 
(3) 
[Reserved]. 
(iii) 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (b) of the definition thereof occurs 
and the Class B Call Option is exercised during the Class B Call Option Period under the terms 
of the Issuer Deed of Charge, then the relevant Class B Noteholders will be obliged to purchase 
all (but not some) of (x) the Class A Notes then outstanding and the Class A Noteholders will be 
obliged to sell all (but not some only) of their holdings of such Class A Notes to the relevant Class 
B Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at a price equal to the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid 
interest thereon and (y) each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than any Class A IBLA) 
which is then outstanding and such Class A Authorised Credit Provider will be obliged to assign 
or otherwise transfer all (but not some only) of their interest in such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility to the relevant Class B Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the STID, at a price 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility together 
with accrued but unpaid interest thereon; provided that in the case of (y) above, each Class B 
Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class 
B Call Option, will not be, connected with the Borrower for purposes of Section 363 of the 
Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
(iv) 
The Issuer will be required, under the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, to notify the Class A 
Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) and by publication on a 
Regulatory Information Service, with a copy to the Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Paying

--- Page 283 ---
262 
Agents, of any forthcoming actual or possible exercise of the Class B Call Option. Such notice 
will specify the arrangements for the settlement of the transfer of the Class A Notes and the 
settlement of the purchase price payable to the Class A Noteholders. 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Class A Condition 7, each 
Class A Note which provides for Instalment Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus) and Instalment Amounts (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) 
will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Any Class A Bearer Notes or Class A Registered Notes which are: (i) redeemed by the Issuer; (ii) 
purchased or held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person specified in Class A Condition 7(g) 
(“—Purchase of Class A Notes”) following a CTA Event of Default; or (iii) purchased by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or a Obligor or any equivalent or similar provision in any Authorised Credit Facility to the 
extent required to cure a Trigger Event in accordance with the CTA, shall, in each case, be surrendered 
to or to the order of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as the case may be, for 
cancellation and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Class A Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, all unmatured Class A Receipts 
and Class A Coupons and unexchanged Class A Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Class A Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Class A Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Modified Optional Redemption 
If Modified Optional Redemption is selected in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, provided that 
there is no Class A Note Event of Default or CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default 
then outstanding, upon giving written notice within the notice period specified in the Final Terms (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A 
Noteholders, the Issuer may (prior to the Expected Maturity Date applicable to a particular Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes) redeem all but not some only of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole on the Call 
Date or Call Dates at the Redemption Amount in each case specified in the Final Terms in respect of the 
relevant Call Date. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(k), “Call Date” means any date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms applicable to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes on which all the Class A Notes in any 
particular Sub-Class can be redeemed by the Issuer before the Expected Maturity Date pursuant to Class 
A Note Condition 7(k). 
(l) 
Special Mandatory Redemption 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes, on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, an 
amount equal to the aggregate gross proceeds of the issue of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
shall be deposited in a segregated escrow account (the “Escrow Account”) pursuant to the terms of an 
escrow agreement (the “Escrow Agreement”) dated as of the relevant Issue Date among the Issuer, the 
Class A Note Trustee, and the relevant escrow agent (the “Escrow Agent”). The initial funds deposited 
in the Escrow Account and all other funds credited to the Escrow Account (less funds paid in accordance 
with the Escrow Agreement) are referred to, collectively, as the “Escrow Property”.

--- Page 284 ---
263 
If Special Mandatory Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes and a Special Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give written notice thereof (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee and the 
holders of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes within the notice period specified in the Final Terms 
and the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole on the 
Special Mandatory Redemption Date at the Special Mandatory Redemption Price in each case specified 
in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(l), “Special Mandatory Redemption Event” shall occur 
where either (i) the Borrower does not deliver a certificate to the Class A Note Trustee certifying that 
certain conditions specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (the “Escrow Release 
Conditions”) are satisfied and accordingly the Escrow Property is not released from the Escrow Account 
on or before the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or (ii) 
a CTA Event of Default, Potential CTA Event of Default or Class A Note Event of Default occurs on or 
prior to the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, which, in the 
opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee (in the case of a CTA Event of Default or a Potential CTA Event 
of Default) or the Class A Note Trustee (in the case of a Class A Note Event of Default), is not capable 
of remedy on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
and in making such determination, the Obligor Security Trustee and/or the Class A Note Trustee is 
entitled to rely on a certificate from the Borrower (in the case of a CTA Event of Default or a Potential 
CTA Event of Default) or the Issuer (in the case of a Class A Note Event of Default). 
8 
Payments 
(a) 
Class A Bearer Notes 
Payments to the Class A Noteholders of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or other 
amounts payable on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Class A Note Interest Amounts) in 
respect of Class A Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Class A Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for final redemption and provided that the Class A Receipt is presented for payment together 
with its relative Class A Note), Class A Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Class A Condition 8(f) (“—Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A 
Receipts and Unexchanged Class A Talons”) or Class A Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Class A Condition 8(f) (“—Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and Unexchanged 
Class A Talons”), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent outside the 
United States of America by transfer to an account denominated in the currency in which such payment 
is due with, or (in the case of Class A Notes in definitive form only) a cheque payable in that currency 
drawn on, a bank in (i) the principal financial centre of that currency provided that such currency is not 
euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of any Participating Member State if that currency is euro. 
No payment of principal and/or interest in respect of a Class A Bearer Note with an original maturity of 
more than 1 year will be made by a transfer of funds into an account maintained by the payee in the 
United States or by mailing a cheque to an address in the United States, except as provided in Class A 
Condition 8(c) (“—Payments in the United States of America”). 
(b) 
Class A Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) in respect of Class A Registered 
Notes will be made to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Class A Note against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Class A Registered Note at the specified office of the Class A 
Registrar and in the manner provided in Class A Condition 8(a) (“—Class A Bearer Notes”).

--- Page 285 ---
264 
Payments of instalments in respect of Class A Registered Notes will be made to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Class A Note against presentation of the relevant Class A Registered 
Note at the specified office of the Class A Registrar in the manner provided in Class A Condition 8(a) 
(“—Class A Bearer Notes”) above and annotation of such payment on the Class A Register and the 
relevant Class A Note certificate. 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Class A Note Interest Amounts) on Class A Registered Notes payable on 
any Interest Payment Date will be paid to the holder (or the first named if joint holders) on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payment of interest or Class A Note 
Interest Amounts on each Class A Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such payment 
is due by cheque drawn on a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of the currency 
concerned, provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any 
Participating Member State if that currency is euro and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of 
joint holders) of such Class A Note at its address appearing in the Class A Register. Upon application by 
the Class A Noteholder to the specified office of the Class A Registrar before the relevant Record Date, 
such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by 
the payee with a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of that currency provided that 
such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Participating Member State if that 
currency is euro. 
A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on the schedule to the Class A Global Note by or on 
behalf of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as the case may be, which 
endorsement shall be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Class A Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent in New York City in 
the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Class A Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States of America with the reasonable expectation that such Class A Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Class A Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by the law of the United States of America, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Bearer Class A Global Notes and Registered Class A 
Global Notes 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of this Class A Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Class A Noteholders, Class A Couponholders or Class A Receiptholders (if any) in respect 
of such payments. All payments are also subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in section 1471(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(“—Taxation”)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA”).

--- Page 286 ---
265 
The holder of a Class A Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments of principal 
(or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Class A Note Interest Amounts) on the Class A Global Note 
and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Class A Global 
Note in respect of each amount paid. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The Agents appointed by the Issuer (and their respective specified offices) are listed in the Class A 
Agency Agreement. Any Calculation Agent will be listed in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus and will be appointed pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement. The Agents act solely as 
agents of the Issuer (and, in the circumstances set out in the Class A Agency Agreement, the Class A 
Note Trustee) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
The Issuer reserves the right, with the prior written consent of the Class A Note Trustee at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent, and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that 
the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Class A Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Class A Bearer 
Notes), (ii) a Class A Registrar (in the case of Class A Registered Notes), and (iii) if and for so long as 
the Class A Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Class A Paying Agent, Class A 
Transfer Agent or Class A Registrar in any particular place, a Class A Paying Agent, Class A Transfer 
Agent and/or Class A Registrar, as applicable, having its specified office in the place required by such 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, which, while any Class A Notes are admitted 
to the Official List and trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, shall be 
London. Notice of any such variation, termination or appointment will be given in accordance with Class 
A Condition 16 (“—Notices”). 
(f) 
Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and Unexchanged Class A Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, upon the due date 
for redemption of any Class A Note which is a Class A Bearer Note (other than a Fixed Rate Class 
A Note, unless it has all unmatured Class A Coupons attached), unmatured Class A Coupons and 
Class A Receipts relating to such Class A Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Class A Note, any unmatured Class A Talon relating to such 
Class A Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Class A Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Class A Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Class A Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Class A Receipts relating to such Class A Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such 
due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iv) 
Where any Class A Note, which is a Class A Bearer Note and is a Fixed Rate Class A Note, is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Class A Coupons and any unexchanged Class A 
Talon relating to it, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing unmatured Class A 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment and, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Class A Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
accrued from the preceding Interest Payment Date or the Class A Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, or the Class A Note Interest Amount payable on such date for redemption

--- Page 287 ---
266 
shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Class A 
Note and Class A Coupon. 
(g) 
Payment Business Days 
(i) 
Class A Bearer Notes: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Class A Bearer 
Note or Class A Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(ii) 
Class A Registered Notes: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable 
on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Class 
A Note is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of 
a Class A Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Class A Registered Note shall not be 
entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (A) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Class A Condition 8(g) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the mail. 
(h) 
Class A Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Class A Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Class A Note, the Class A Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Class A Talon for a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Class A Coupons which 
may have become void pursuant to Class A Condition 12 (“—Prescription”)). 
9 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Receipts or Class A Coupons will be made (whether by 
the Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee) free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by applicable law. In that event, the Issuer, such Class A Paying Agent, the Class A 
Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee, as the case may be, shall make such payment after such withholding or 
deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld 
or deducted. None of the Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee 
will be obliged to make any additional payments to the Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders or the 
Class A Couponholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. The Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent, the 
Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee may require holders to provide such certifications and other 
documents as required by applicable law in order to qualify for exemptions from applicable tax laws. 
10 
Class A Note Events of Default 
(a) 
Class A Note Event of Default 
Each and any of the following events shall be treated as a “Class A Note Event of Default”:

--- Page 288 ---
267 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 5 Business Days in the payment of 
interest or principal on any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes when due in accordance with these 
Class A Conditions; 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of 
any other obligation, condition, provision, representation or warranty binding upon or made by it 
under the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than any obligation 
whose breach would give rise to the Class A Note Event of Default provided for in Class A 
Condition 10(a)(i) (“—Non Payment”) and, except where in the opinion of the Class A Note 
Trustee the such default is not capable of remedy, such default continues for a period of 30 
Business Days and, in either case, provided that the Class A Note Trustee shall have determined 
that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders; 
(iii) 
Issuer Insolvency Event: an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(iv) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Delivery of Class A Note Acceleration Notice 
If any Class A Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Class A Note Trustee (i) may, at any 
time, at its discretion and (ii) shall, upon being so directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all of the Class A Notes then outstanding or if so directed 
by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution of all the Class A Noteholders, deliver a notice (a “Class A Note 
Acceleration Notice”) to the Issuer declaring all of the Class A Notes immediately due and payable 
provided that, in either case, it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Upon 
the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, the Class A Notes shall become immediately due 
and payable at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with accrued and unpaid interest. 
(c) 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
Subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge, at any time after the service of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice 
by the Class A Note Trustee in accordance with Class A Condition 10(a) (“—Class A Note Event of 
Default”) above, the Issuer Security Trustee at its absolute discretion may, and if so directed in writing 
by Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors holdings at least 25% of the aggregate Qualifying Issuer Senior 
Debt then outstanding, shall (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge take enforcement steps in relation to the 
Issuer Security. 
Under the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, if the Issuer Security Trustee is directed to take 
enforcement steps in relation to the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee is required to give a notice 
(the “Issuer Security Enforcement Notice”) to the Issuer declaring the whole of the Issuer Security to 
be enforceable. 
(d) 
Confirmation of no Class A Note Event of Default 
The Issuer, pursuant to the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed, shall provide written confirmation to 
the Class A Note Trustee, on an annual basis (and at any other time on request of the Class A Note 
Trustee), that no Class A Note Event of Default has occurred. 
11 
Enforcement Against Issuer 
No Class A Noteholder, Class A Receiptholder, Class A Couponholder or other Issuer Secured Creditor is 
entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group or against any assets of

--- Page 289 ---
268 
the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group to enforce its rights in respect of the Class A Notes or to 
enforce any of the Issuer Security unless the Class A Note Trustee or, as the case may be, the Issuer Security 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such 
failure or neglect is continuing. The Issuer Security Trustee shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it 
may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing, upon being so directed in writing by the 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors together holding or representing at least 25% or more of the Qualifying 
Issuer Senior Debt, enforce the Issuer Security in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
None of the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders, the Class A Couponholders or the other Issuer Secured Creditors may institute against, or join 
any person in instituting against, the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group any bankruptcy, winding 
up, re organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except for the taking of any enforcement 
action under the Issuer Deed of Charge including the appointment of a Receiver pursuant to the terms of the 
Issuer Deed of Charge) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Class A Notes are 
outstanding or for two years and a day after the latest Final Maturity Date on which any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes is due to mature. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but 
excluding) the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, no holder of such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes: 
(a) 
is entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group or against any 
assets of the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group to enforce its rights in respect of the Sub-
Class of Class A Notes or to enforce any of the Escrow Security pursuant to the relevant Escrow Security 
Deed of Charge unless the Class A Note Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects 
to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. The Class A Note Trustee 
shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all fees, 
costs, expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or which it may 
incur by so doing, upon being so directed in writing by (i) holders of more than 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding or (ii) an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes, enforce the Escrow Security in accordance 
with the relevant Escrow Security Deed of Charge; and/or 
(b) 
may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer or any other member of the 
Holdco Group any bankruptcy, winding up, re organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation 
proceeding (except for the taking of any enforcement action under the relevant Escrow Security Deed 
of Charge including the appointment of a Receiver pursuant to the terms of the relevant Escrow Security 
Deed of Charge) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes are outstanding until the relevant Class A Closing Date. 
12 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Receipts or Class A Coupons 
(which, for this purpose, shall not include Class A Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Class A 
Note Relevant Date (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)) in respect thereof. 
13 
Replacement of Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons

--- Page 290 ---
269 
If any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Registered Note, Class A Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and requirements of the 
Stock Exchange (in the case of listed Class A Notes) (and each other listing authority, stock exchange and or 
quotation system upon which the relevant Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation), at the specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Class A 
Registrar upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Class A Notes, Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
14 
Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
No physical meetings will be required in respect of any Class A Voting Matter and a Class A Noteholder 
may only Vote in respect of any Class A Voting Matter by means of a Block Voting Instruction. However, 
the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Issuer or the Class A Noteholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding voting by the Class A Noteholders in respect of all Class A Voting 
Matters except Obligor STID Proposals as the Class A Note Trustee may in its sole discretion think fit, 
including the calling of one or more meetings of Class A Noteholders in order to approve any resolution 
to be put to the Class A Noteholders where the Class A Note Trustee, in its sole discretion, considers it 
to be appropriate to hold a meeting. 
In respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes for which Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, until the Class A Closing Date for such Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be entitled to Vote in respect of any 
amendments, modifications or waivers pursuant to any Obligor STID Proposal, Class A Basic Terms 
Modification and/or Extraordinary Resolution. 
In respect of any Obligor STID Proposal (other than a NIG LAN Notice or a STID Proposal which 
relates to an Entrenched Right as to which the Issuer is an affected Obligor Secured Creditor): 
(i) 
each Class A Noteholder may only vote on such Obligor STID Proposal by way of Block Voting 
Instruction and each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its 
equivalent expressed in sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Class A Notes held by it; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote on or prior to the time specified by the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, Class A Registrar and/or relevant clearing system in order 
to enable the Class A Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, a Class A Paying Agent or 
the Class A Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction on the Voting Date, provided that if a 
Class A Noteholder does not vote in sufficient time to allow the Class A Principal Paying Agent, 
or, as the case may be, a Class A Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar to issue a Block Voting 
Instruction in respect of its Class A Notes prior to the end of the Voting Period, the Votes of such 
Class A Noteholder may not be counted; 
(iii) 
in respect of such Obligor STID Proposal, the Class A Note Trustee shall vote as the Secured 
Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
then outstanding by notifying the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security 
Trustee, in accordance with the STID promptly following the receipt by it of such Votes (and in 
any case not later than the Business Day following receipt of each such Vote), of each Vote

--- Page 291 ---
270 
comprised in a Block Voting Instruction received by it from a Class A Paying Agent or the Class 
A Registrar on or prior to the Voting Date (or, if earlier the relevant Voting Closure Date); and 
(iv) 
such Obligor STID Proposal duly approved by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors in 
accordance with the STID shall be binding on all Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders 
and Class A Couponholders (subject as provided in the STID). The Issuer shall, following receipt 
from the Holdco Group Agent of the result of any vote in respect of such Obligor STID Proposal, 
promptly notify the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”). 
In respect of (a) an Obligor STID Proposal that gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the 
Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor (an “Entrenched Right STID Proposal”); and (b) any 
Class A Voting Matter which is not a Obligor STID Proposal (an “Other Class A Voting Matter”): 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee may at any time, and the Class A Note Trustee must if (a) 
it receives an Entrenched Right STID Proposal which gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect 
of which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor; or (b) directed to do so by Class A 
Noteholders representing not less than 10% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Class A Notes, request that such Other Class A Voting Matter be considered by the Class A 
Noteholders. The Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee shall send a notice (a “Voting Notice”) to 
the Class A Noteholders of each affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes, specifying the Voting Date 
(which shall initially be set with at least 21 days’ notice) and the Other Class A Voting Matter(s) 
including the terms of any resolution to be proposed; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its equivalent expressed in 
Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes 
held or represented by it; 
(iii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 24 hours prior to 
the Voting Date so that his votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which needs to be 
deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, the 
Class A Note Trustee shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security 
Trustee in writing of whether or not the holders of each affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes then 
outstanding have passed an Extraordinary Resolution approving the relevant STID Proposal. 
In order for an Extraordinary Resolution to be approved by the Class A Noteholders (subject as provided 
below), one or more Class A Noteholders representing 50% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of an Other Class A Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote, provided that in 
respect of any Other Class A Voting Matter the business of which includes any of the following matters 
(each of which, a “Class A Basic Terms Modification” and which shall only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of any Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes or (other than as specified in Class A Condition 7 (“—
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation”)) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes on redemption or maturity; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes for, or their 
conversion into, shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed;

--- Page 292 ---
271 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes are 
payable; 
(iv) 
to alter any of the Issuer Payment Priorities insofar as such alteration would affect any Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes; 
(v) 
to change the quorum required or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vi) 
to amend this definition or this Class A Condition 14(a), 
one or more Class A Noteholders representing 75% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who, for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of such an Other Class A Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote. 
The above percentage requirements of Class A Noteholders who need to participate in a particular Other 
Class A Voting Matter are referred to herein as the “Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum 
Requirements”. 
If, on a Voting Date, the Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements are not satisfied for the 
transaction of any particular business then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the 
business (if any) for which the Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements are satisfied, such 
Voting Date shall be postponed to the same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the 
next succeeding business day) (an “Adjourned Voting Date”) except where a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution is to be proposed in which case the Adjourned Voting Date shall be a day (being a business 
day) during the period, being not less than 7 clear days nor more than 14 clear days, subsequent to such 
Voting Date, and approved by the Class A Note Trustee. On any Adjourned Voting Date, one or more 
Votes (whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes then outstanding so held or 
represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall have the power to pass 
any Class A Extraordinary Resolution or Class A Ordinary Resolution and to decide upon all matters 
which could properly have been dealt with through the original Vote had the requisite Extraordinary 
Class A Note Quorum Requirements been met, provided that on any Adjourned Voting Date the 
Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements for the transaction of business comprising any of the 
matters specified to be a Class A Basic Terms Modification shall be at least 25% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of an Other Class A Voting Matter, need to participate in such Vote. 
Notice of any Adjourned Voting Date at which a Class A Extraordinary Resolution is to be voted upon 
shall be given in the same manner as a Voting Notice but as if 5 days’ notice were substituted for 21 
days’ notice discussed above (in respect of an Other Class A Voting Matter) and such notice shall state 
the relevant quorum. Subject as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an Adjourned 
Voting Date. 
Any resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders in accordance with the terms hereof shall be binding 
upon all the Class A Noteholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Class A Couponholders 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of any such 
resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. Notice of the 
result of the voting on any resolution duly approved by the Class A Noteholders shall be published in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class 
A Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of the Issuer within 7 days of such result being known, provided 
that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result.

--- Page 293 ---
272 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding more than one Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes the foregoing provisions of this Class A Condition shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
(i) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects only one Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes shall be deemed to have been duly approved if approved through a separate Vote of the 
holders of that Sub-Class of Class A Notes; 
(ii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects holders of more than one 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of 
any of the Sub-Classes of Class A Notes so affected shall be deemed to have been duly approved 
if approved through a separate Vote of the holders of all the Sub-Classes of the Class A Notes so 
affected; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects more than one Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of one Sub-
Class of Class A Notes so affected and the holders of another Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall 
be deemed to have been duly approved only if approved through separate Votes of the holders of 
each Sub-Class of Class A Notes; 
(iv) 
in respect of all such approvals all the preceding provisions of this Class A Condition shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as though references therein to Class A Notes and Class A Noteholders were 
references to the Sub-Class of Class A Notes in question or to the holders of such Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes, as the case may be; 
(v) 
no Class A Extraordinary Resolution involving a Class A Basic Terms Modification (other than 
where such Class A Basic Terms Modification is of the kind specified in limb (i) of the definition 
thereof and where such Class A Basic Terms Modification is passed by the holders of all affected 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes in accordance with (vi) below) that is approved by the holders of one 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of each of the other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes (to the extent that 
there are Class A Notes outstanding in each such other Sub-Class); and 
(vi) 
a Class A Extraordinary Resolution involving a Class A Basic Terms Modification of the kind 
specified in limb (i) of the definition thereof may be approved by the holders of all Sub-Classes 
of Class A Notes adversely affected by such Class A Basic Terms Modification (but need not be 
approved by the holders of Sub-Classes of Class A Notes which are not affected thereby). 
In respect of an Obligor STID Proposal that relates to a NIG LAN Notice: 
(i) 
if the Class A Note Trustee it receives a NIG LAN Notice it must request that such NIG LAN 
Notice be considered by the Class A Noteholders. The Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee shall 
send a notice (a “Voting Notice”) to the Class A Noteholders, specifying the Voting Date (which 
shall be set with at least 21 days’ notice) and the details of the proposed NIG LAN Resolution; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its equivalent expressed in 
Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes 
held or represented by it; 
(iii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 24 hours prior to 
the Voting Date so that his votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which needs to be 
deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and

--- Page 294 ---
273 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, the 
Class A Note Trustee shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security 
Trustee in writing of whether or not the holders of the Class A Notes then outstanding have passed 
a NIG LAN Resolution approving the relevant NIG LAN Notice. 
In order for a NIG LAN Resolution to be approved by the Class A Noteholders (subject as provided 
below), one or more Class A Noteholders representing: 
(i) 
if the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes at the time of the relevant 
resolution is greater than zero but less than or equal to £750.0 million (or its equivalent expressed 
in Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate), 75% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding; or 
(ii) 
if the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes at the time of the relevant 
resolution is greater than £750.0 million (or, in each case, its equivalent expressed in Sterling on 
the basis of the Exchange Rate), 50% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, 
need to participate in any Vote. 
Any NIG LAN Resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders in accordance with the terms hereof 
shall be binding upon all the Class A Noteholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Class A 
Couponholders and each of them shall be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of 
any such resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. 
Notice of the result of the voting on any NIG LAN Resolution duly approved by the Class A Noteholders 
shall be published in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) by the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of the Issuer within 7 days of such result 
being known, provided that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result. 
(b) 
Modification, waiver and substitution 
As set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge (and subject to the conditions 
and qualifications therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A 
Noteholders, Class A Couponholders and the Class A Receiptholders or (subject as provided below) any 
other Issuer Secured Creditor (other than any Issuer Secured Creditor which is party to the relevant 
documents), concur with the Issuer or any other person or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur 
with the Issuer or any other person in making (i) any modification to the Class A Note Trust Deed, the 
Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons and/or the Issuer Class 
A Transaction Documents (other than a Class A Basic Terms Modification) (subject (A) as provided in 
the STID in relation to any Common Documents and (B) as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in 
relation to the Issuer Common Document) or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which 
it holds security provided that the Class A Note Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not 
be materially prejudicial (where materially prejudicial means that such modification would have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect 
of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders and provided further that if any such modification relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor 
Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent in 
accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge or, where any Class A Noteholders are affected Issuer 
Secured Creditors, the holders of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes affected thereby have sanctioned 
such modification in accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed or (ii) any modification to the Class 
A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons 
or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (subject (A) as provided in the STID in relation to

--- Page 295 ---
274 
any Common Documents and (B) as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to any Issuer 
Common Document) or other documents to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds security 
which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, of a formal, minor administrative or technical 
nature, to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, proven. 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Class 
A Note Trustee may determine, shall be binding upon the Class A Noteholders, the related Class A 
Receiptholders and/or the Class A Couponholders and, unless the Class A Note Trustee agrees otherwise, 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—
Notices”) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Where the Class A Note Trustee is required to have regard to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, it 
shall have regard to the interests of such Class A Noteholders as a class and, in particular but without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing shall not have regard to, or be in any way liable for, the 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Class A Noteholders (whatever their 
number) and in particular but without limitation shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Class A Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory, and the Class A Note Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Class A 
Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or 
any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Class A Noteholders. 
As more fully set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge (and subject to the 
conditions and qualifications therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A 
Noteholders (subject as provided below) or any other Issuer Secured Creditor and without prejudice to 
its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Class A Note Event of Default, from time to time and at 
any time but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the holders of the Class A Notes then 
outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby (where “materially prejudiced” means that such 
waiver or authorisation would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any 
amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment 
therefor), waive or authorise (or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee to waive or authorise) any breach or 
proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Class A Conditions 
or any Issuer Class A Transaction Document (other than a Common Document or any Issuer Common 
Document) to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds security or determine that any event 
which would otherwise constitute a Class A Note Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the 
purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed provided that to the extent such event, matter or thing relates 
to an Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given 
its prior written consent and provided further that the Class A Note Trustee shall not exercise such powers 
in contravention of any express direction given by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution (or of a request 
in writing made by, holders of not less than one quarter in aggregate of the principal amount of the Class 
A Notes then outstanding) but no such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation 
previously given or made or so as to authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to 
any Class A Basic Terms Modification. 
Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the Class A Noteholders of each 
relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes and the holders of all relevant Class A Receipts and Class A Coupons 
and the other Issuer Secured Creditors and, unless the Class A Note Trustee agrees otherwise, notice 
thereof shall be given by the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 296 ---
275 
Notwithstanding that none of the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders or the other Issuer 
Secured Creditors may have any right of recourse against the Rating Agency in respect of any Rating 
Confirmation given by them and relied upon by the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee shall 
be entitled to assume without liability, for the purposes of exercising any power, trust, authority, duty or 
discretion under or in relation to the Class A Notes or any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, that 
such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders if any Rating 
Agency has provided a Rating Confirmation. The Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Noteholders 
agree and acknowledge that being entitled to rely on the fact that the Rating Agency has delivered a 
Rating Confirmation does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability for such Rating Agency 
to the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, any other Issuer Secured Creditor or any other 
person or create any legal relations between such Rating Agency and the Class A Note Trustee, the Class 
A Noteholders, any other Issuer Secured Creditor or any other person whether by way of contract or 
otherwise. 
As more fully set forth in the Class A Note Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders or any other 
Issuer Secured Creditor, also agree with the Issuer to the substitution of another corporation in place of 
the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be empowered by the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed to make 
appropriate amendments to the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (including instructing the Issuer 
Security Trustee in respect of the Issuer Common Documents) to reflect the appointment by the Issuer 
of a second rating agency to provide a rating in respect of the Class A Notes. 
15 
Class A Note Trustee Protections 
(a) 
Trustee considerations 
Subject to Class A Condition 15(b) (“—Exercise of rights by Class A Note Trustee”), in connection with 
the exercise, under these Class A Conditions, the Class A Note Trust Deed, any Issuer Class A 
Transaction Document, of its rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including any 
modification, consent, waiver or authorisation), the Class A Note Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the holders of the Class A Notes then outstanding provided that, if, in the Class A Note 
Trustee’s opinion, there is a conflict of interest between the holders of two or more Sub-Classes of Class 
A Notes, it shall have regard to the interests of the holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes then 
outstanding with the greatest Principal Amount Outstanding and will not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for the holders of other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes or, in any event, 
have regard to the consequences for individual Class A Noteholders, resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory. The Class A Note Trustee shall not be entitled to require from the Issuer, nor shall 
any Class A Noteholders be entitled to claim from the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, any 
indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence (including any tax consequence) for 
individual Class A Noteholders of any such exercise. 
(b) 
Exercise of rights by Class A Note Trustee 
Subject as provided in these Class A Conditions and the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Note 
Trustee will exercise its rights under, or in relation to, the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A 
Conditions, and any Issuer Class A Transaction Documents in accordance with the directions of the 
relevant Class A Noteholders, but the Class A Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any such action 
unless it has (i) (a) been so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25% in nominal amount of the

--- Page 297 ---
276 
Class A Notes outstanding or (b) been so directed by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution and (ii) been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
16 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Class A Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective addresses in the Class 
A Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting. Other notices to Class A Noteholders will be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London and Ireland (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times and the Irish Times, respectively). The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange 
and any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Class A Notes are for the 
time being listed. Any such notice (other than to holders of Class A Registered Notes as specified above) shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made. Class A Couponholders and Class A Receiptholders will 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Class A Bearer 
Notes in accordance with this Class A Condition 16. 
So long as any Class A Notes are represented by Class A Global Notes, notices in respect of those Class A Notes 
may be given only by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for communication 
by them to entitled account holders in substitution for publication in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in London and Ireland (which is expected to be the Financial Times and the Irish Times, respectively). Such 
notices shall be deemed to have been received by the Class A Noteholders on the day of delivery to such clearing 
systems. 
The Class A Note Trustee will provide the Rating Agency, at its request, from time to time and provided that 
the Class A Note Trustee will not contravene any law or regulation in so doing, with all notices, written 
information and reports that the Class A Note Trustee makes available to the Class A Noteholders except to the 
extent that such notices, information or reports, contain information confidential to third parties. 
17 
Indemnification of The Class A Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee 
(a) 
Indemnification of the Class A Note Trustee 
The Class A Note Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Class A Note Trustee, and 
for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any action including taking 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or any other person unless indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. The Issuer Deed of Charge contains provisions for indemnification of the 
Issuer Security Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from 
enforcing the Issuer Security unless it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
The Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge also contain provisions pursuant to which 
the Class A Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and their related companies are entitled, 
amongst other things, to (a) enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any other party to any 
of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents and to act as trustees for the holders of any other securities 
issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any other party to any of the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents, (b) exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its 
duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without 
regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Class A Noteholders, and (c) retain and not be liable 
to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection 
therewith.

--- Page 298 ---
277 
(b) 
Directions, Duties and Liabilities 
The Class A Note Trustee, in the absence of its own wilful default, gross negligence or fraud, and in all 
cases when acting as directed by or subject to the agreement of the Class A Noteholders shall not in any 
way be responsible for any loss, costs, damages or expenses or other liability, which may result from the 
exercise or non-exercise of any consent, waiver, power, trust, authority or discretion vested in the Class 
A Note Trustee pursuant to these Class A Conditions, any Issuer Class A Transaction Document or any 
ancillary document. 
18 
[deleted] 
19 
Limited Recourse 
Notwithstanding any other Class A Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, all 
obligations of the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders are limited in recourse to the property, assets and 
undertakings of the Issuer that are the subject of any security created by the Issuer Deed of Charge (the “Issuer 
Secured Property”). If, following any Class A Note Event of Default (whether on a Final Maturity Date or 
before) and the delivery of an Issuer Security Enforcement Notice, all sums due under the Class A Notes have 
not been repaid in full and: 
(a) 
there is no Issuer Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted 
into cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the 
relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
and 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the Class A Notes 
(including payments of principal and interest), 
then the Class A Noteholders shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to 
them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or premium (if 
any) and/or interest in respect of the Class A Notes) and such unpaid amounts shall be discharged in full and 
any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but 
excluding) the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, notwithstanding any 
other Class A Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, all obligations of the 
Issuer to the relevant holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the property, assets 
and undertakings of the Issuer that are the subject of any security created by the Escrow Security Deed of 
Charge (the “Escrow Secured Property”). If, following any Class A Note Event of Default (prior to the relevant 
Class A Closing Date) and the delivery of an enforcement notice in accordance with the relevant Escrow 
Security Deed of Charge, all sums due under the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes have not been repaid in 
full and: 
(a) 
there is no Escrow Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted 
into cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the 
relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Escrow Security Deed of 
Charge; and

--- Page 299 ---
278 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Escrow Security Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes (including payments of principal and interest), 
then the relevant holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall have no further claim against the Issuer in 
respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments 
of principal and/or premium (if any) and/or interest in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes) and 
such unpaid amounts shall be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
20 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupons, the 
Class A Receipts, the Class A Talons (if any) and the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other 
than the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement) and all non- contractual or other obligations arising 
from or in connection with such documents are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. The Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Jersey law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England and Wales are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Notes, 
the Class A Coupons, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Talons and the other Issuer Class A Transaction 
Documents (other than the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement which is governed by Jersey law) 
and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Class A Notes, 
the Class A Coupons, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Talons (if any) and/or the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents may be brought in such courts. the Issuer has in each of the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Third-Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Class A Notes or the Class A Note 
Trust Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(d) 
Rights Against the Issuer 
Under the Class A Note Trust Deed, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to interests in the Class A Notes 
will (subject to the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed) acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Class A Global Note became 
void, they had been the registered holders of Class A Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Class A Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Class A Conditions of the Class A Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of a Class A Registered Global Note. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, as being entitled to an interest in a Class A Global Note 
(each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such

--- Page 300 ---
279 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment 
made by the Issuer, to such Accountholder and in relation to all other rights arising under the Class A 
Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under a Class A Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) 
from time to time. For so long as the relevant Class A Notes are represented by a Class A Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer. 
21 
Definitions 
In these Class A Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means: 
(a) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Class A Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by a Class A Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Deposited Class A Notes have been deposited with such Class A Paying Agent 
(or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing system and 
will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
close of business (London time) on the Voting Date; and 
(B) 
the surrender to such Class A Paying Agent, not less than 24 hours before the Voting Date 
of the receipt for the Deposited Class A Notes and notification thereof by such Class A 
Paying Agent to the Class A Note Trustee; 
(iii) 
certifying that the depositor of each Deposited Class A Note or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has instructed the relevant Class A Paying Agent that the Votes attributable to such 
Deposited Class A Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class A Voting Matter and that, 
until the end of the Voting Period, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(iv) 
listing the aggregate principal amount and (if in definitive form) the serial numbers of the 
Deposited Class A Notes, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been 
given to Vote for, or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(v) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Deposited Class A Notes in 
connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with such instructions and the 
provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
(b) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Class A Registered Notes: 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by the Class A Registrar or the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
certifying: 
(A) 
(where the Class A Registered Notes are represented by a Global Note) that certain 
specified Class A Registered Notes (each a “Blocked Note”) have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until close of business (London 
time) on the Voting Date and that the holder of each Blocked Note or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has instructed the Class A Registrar that the Votes attributable to such 
Blocked Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class A Voting Matter; or

--- Page 301 ---
280 
(B) 
(where the Class A Registered Notes are represented by Class A Registered Definitive 
Notes) that each registered holder of certain specified Class A Registered Notes (each a 
“Relevant Note”) or a duly authorised person on its behalf has instructed the Class A 
Registrar that that Votes attributable to each Relevant Note held by it are to be cast in a 
particular way on such Class A Voting Matter; and 
in each case that, until the end of the Voting Period, such instructions may not be amended or 
revoked; 
(iii) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of the Blocked Class A Notes and the Relevant Class A 
Notes, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to Vote for, 
or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(iv) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Blocked Class A Notes and the 
Relevant Class A Notes in connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with such 
instructions and the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in sterling, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
currency deposits in London); 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London and each (if any) additional city or 
cities specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments, in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency 
(which in the case of a payment in U.S. Dollars shall be New York) and in each (if any) additional city 
or cities specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; and 
(d) 
otherwise, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in 
London. 
“Business Day Convention” means the business day convention specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class A Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Class A Interest Rate and a Class A Note 
Interest Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is so 
specified, the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Class A Note Interest 
Period (or if the specified currency is sterling the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period) (as adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention (as defined above) specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus). 
“Class A Initial Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus.

--- Page 302 ---
281 
“Class A Interest Rate” means the Class A Initial Interest Rate or the Class A Revised Interest Rate, as the case 
may. 
“Class A Note Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Class A Revised Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class A Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any Obligor STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class A Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class A Noteholders to the Class A Note Trustee (in its capacity as the 
Secured Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the voting 
category made by the Holdco Group Agent in an Obligor STID Proposal, and/or (where the Issuer is an 
Affected Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (whether or not constituting a Class A Note Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified: 
(i) 
If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
or, if none if is so specified the Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual

--- Page 303 ---
282 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (2) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Note Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 
days (unless (1) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30 day month, or (2) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month)); and 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “EuroNote Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the 
final Calculation Period, the last day of such period is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month). 
“euro” means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States. 
“Expected Maturity Date” has, in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the meaning given to it in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Final Maturity Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as the 
final date on which the principal amount of the Class A Note is due and payable. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or suspends making payments on 
any of its debts after taking into account amounts available to it under the Liquidity Facility Agreement 
at the relevant time; 
(b) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the commencement of negotiations by the Issuer with one or more creditors of the Issuer with a view to 
rescheduling any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes “bankrupt” within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken (whether out of court or 
otherwise) in relation to: 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or a Receiver 
appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) in relation to the 
Issuer or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking of the Issuer;

--- Page 304 ---
283 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer 
Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) taking possession of the whole or any 
part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition or compromise (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditors (or any class of creditors) 
of the Issuer, a reorganisation of the Issuer, the winding up of the Issuer, a conveyance to or 
assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Issuer (or any class of creditors) or the making of 
an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection from the creditors of the Issuer 
(or any class of creditors); or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction; or 
(f) 
any distress, execution, diligence, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed upon 
or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (excluding by the Issuer 
Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed 
of Charge) and such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not being discharged 
or otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days. 
“NIG LAN Notice” means a notice from the Obligor Security Trustee to the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors requesting an instruction from the Note Instructing Group or the Class A Instructing Group, as the 
case may be, in the form of a resolution of the Note Instructing Group or the Class A Instructing Group, as 
applicable as to whether it should consent to or approve a Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and/or 
deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“NIG LAN Resolution” means: 
(a) 
a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a majority of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who have participated in the vote on 
such NIG LAN Resolution, provided that the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A 
Notes which have approved such NIG LAN Resolution represents more than 50% of all Class A Notes 
then outstanding; or 
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Class A Notes which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Note Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes, the earlier of (a) the date on 
which all amounts in respect of the Class A Notes have been paid, and (b) five days after the date on which all 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding has been received by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A 
Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Class A Noteholders in accordance 
with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”). 
“Obligor STID Proposal” means, for the purposes of the Class A Noteholder voting mechanics in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed: 
(a) 
an Ordinary Voting Matter; 
(b) 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(c) 
a Direction Notice; 
(d) 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice;

--- Page 305 ---
284 
(e) 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(f) 
a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice; 
(g) 
a NIG LAN Notice; 
(h) 
a proposal giving rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor 
Secured Creditor; 
(i) 
an instruction required in accordance with the STID; and 
(j) 
a request under the STID to hold a physical meeting of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Communities (as amended), and 
“Participating Member States” means all of them. 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment 
of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment 
of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in relation to a Class A Note or a Sub-Class, the original face value 
thereof less any repayment of principal made to the relevant Class A Noteholders in respect of such Class A 
Note or Sub-Class. 
“Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors” means the holders of the Class A Notes and each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty that is party to an Issuer Hedging Agreement in respect of the Class A Notes. 
“Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt” means the sum of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes 
and (ii) the mark to market value of all transactions arising under Issuer Hedging Agreements in respect of the 
Class A Notes to the extent that such value represents an amount which would be payable to the relevant Issuer 
Hedge Counterparties if an early termination date was designated at relevant date in respect of such transactions 
as determined by the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Issuer Hedging Agreements, 
as certified by the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty to the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Redemption Amount” means the amount provided under Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”), 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Reference Date” means the date which is three Business Days prior to the despatch of the notice of redemption 
under Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”) or Class A Condition 7(e), as the case may be.

--- Page 306 ---
285 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the currency in which the 
Class A Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Class A Note, the financial centre specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the Relevant Rate is most closely connected as determined by the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, 
if applicable). 
“Relevant Rate” means the offered rate for a Representative Amount of the Relevant Currency for a period (if 
applicable) equal to the Specified Duration (or such other rate as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus). 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Class A Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Relevant Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any rate to be determined on a Class A Interest Determination 
Date, the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as such or, if none is specified, 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Specified Denomination” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin or any other or further 
stock exchange(s) on which any Class A Notes from time to time may be listed and references to the relevant 
Stock Exchange shall, in relation to any Class A Notes, be references to the Stock Exchange on which such 
Class A Notes are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“sub-unit” means in the case of any currency, the lowest amount of such currency that was available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 system is open. 
“TARGET2 system” means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
system (TARGET or TARGET2). 
“Vote” means an instruction from a Class A Noteholder to the Class A Note Trustee to vote on its behalf in 
respect of a Class A Voting Matter, such instructions to be given in accordance with the Class A Note Trust 
Deed. 
“Voting Closure Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Ordinary STID Resolution, the date on which the Obligor Security Trustee has received 
votes sufficient to pass such Ordinary STID Resolution pursuant to the; and 
(b) 
in relation to an Extraordinary STID Resolution, the date on which the Obligor Security Trustee has 
received votes sufficient to pass such Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant to the STID. 
“Voting Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a STID Proposal: 
(i) 
in respect of a Decision Period, the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of such 
Decision Period; and

--- Page 307 ---
286 
(ii) 
in respect of a Decision Period that is extended in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or an 
Extraordinary Voting Matter in accordance with the relevant provisions of the STID, means the 
last date of such extended Decision Period; and 
(b) 
in respect of any other Class A Voting Matter, the date set out in the relevant Voting Notice. 
“Voting Period” means the period ending on the Voting Date or, if earlier, the date of the Voting Notice issued 
by the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of such Voting Matter (if applicable).

--- Page 308 ---
287 
FORMS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
Class A Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Sub-Classes 
comprising either Class A Bearer Notes or Class A Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. The Class A Notes may comprise one or more Sub-Classes. 
Class A Bearer Notes 
Each Sub-Class of Class A Notes initially issued in bearer form will be issued either as a Temporary Global 
Note, without Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, or a Permanent Global Note, 
without Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global 
Note (each, a “Bearer Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date 
of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class. 
Each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus, will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class 
A Notes to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Class A Global Notes issued in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes are in NGN form, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether or not such 
Bearer Class A Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Any indication that the Bearer Class A Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
In the case of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes in bearer form the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to 
the Class A Notes or, if the Class A Notes do not have a maturity of more than 1 year, that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being represented by 
“Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Class A Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, not earlier than 
40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, payments of interest in 
respect of the Class A Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against:

--- Page 309 ---
288 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified 
office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Class A Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the aggregate initial principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note and any Temporary Global Note representing a fungible Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
with the Sub-Class of Class A Notes represented by the first Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form (each, 
a “Definitive Note”): 
(i) 
if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee is available; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors of the Issuer has been 
given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the 
specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange 
but not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of such Class A Notes. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Class A Notes 
will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for Class A Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class 
A Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable, then the Class A Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Class A Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Class A Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with

--- Page 310 ---
289 
Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note so exchanged to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the presentation (and in the case 
of final exchange, surrender) of the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
of such Class A Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes”, such Temporary Global Notes and Class A Definitive 
Notes may only be issued and traded in denominations equal to the Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples thereof. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Class A Notes as being “Permanent 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable or that TEFRA does not apply, then the Class A Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Class A Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee is available; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors of the Issuer has been 
given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the 
specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange 
but not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of such Class A Notes. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, such Class A Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Class A Notes in the relevant clearing 
system in amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on 
or before the relevant date of exchange, a principal amount of Class A Notes such that their holding is an integral 
multiple of a Specified Denomination in order to receive a Class A Definitive Note in respect of their holding. 
Conditions applicable to the Class A Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Class A Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Class A Note and 
will consist of the Class A Conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes” above and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus which complete those Class A Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Class A Global Note will differ from those Class A Conditions which 
would apply to the Class A Definitive Note to the extent described under “—Provisions Relating to the Class A 
Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 311 ---
290 
Legend concerning United States persons 
Class A Global Notes and Class A Definitive Notes having a maturity of more than 1 year and any Class A 
Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or 
that TEFRA does not apply: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Class A Note, Class A 
Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or redemption of such Class A Note, Class A Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon and any gain 
(which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will 
be treated as ordinary income. 
Class A Notes issued in bearer form will only be transferable in accordance with the procedures of the Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (as applicable). 
Class A Registered Notes 
Any Registered Note will be represented on issue by a Class A Registered Global Note in the case of Class A 
Registered Notes sold outside the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Class A Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a Common Depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the 
name or a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Beneficial interests in a Class A Registered Global Note may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their participants at any time. See “Book-Entry Clearance Procedure”. 
Beneficial interests in Class A Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set out 
in this Base Prospectus and in the Class A Agency Agreement, and such Class A Registered Global Notes will 
bear the applicable legends regarding such restrictions. 
Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in Class A Registered Global 
Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated Class A Notes. 
Exchange for Class A Registered Definitive Notes 
Each Class A Regulation S Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Individual Exchange Date (as defined below), in whole but not in part, for definitive Class A Notes in fully 
registered form (a “Class A Registered Definitive Note”): 
(i) 
in the case of a Class A Registered Global Note that is held (directly or indirectly) on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee is available; 
(ii) 
[Reserved]; and

--- Page 312 ---
291 
(iii) 
in any case, if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors of 
the Issuer has been given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
The Class A Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, Class A Registered Global 
Notes for Class A Registered Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
If only one of the Class A Registered Global becomes exchangeable for Class A Registered Definitive Notes in 
accordance with the above paragraphs, transfers of Class A Notes may not take place between, on the one hand, 
persons holding Class A Registered Definitive Notes issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the 
Exchanged Class A Registered Global Notes and on the other hand, persons wishing to purchase beneficial 
interests in the other Class A Registered Global Notes. 
“Individual Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 30 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Class 
A Registrar and any Class A Transfer Agent is located. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Class A Registered Global Note shall be exchanged in full for Class A 
Registered Definitive Notes and the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer (but against such indemnity as the Class 
A Registrar or any relevant Class A Transfer Agent may require in respect of any Tax or other duty of whatever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange), cause sufficient Class A Registered 
Definitive Notes to be executed and delivered to the Class A Registrar for completion, authentication and 
dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Class A Registered Global Note must 
provide the Class A Registrar with a written order containing instructions and such other information as the 
Issuer and the Class A Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Class A Registered 
Definitive Notes. 
Legends and Transfers 
The holder of a Class A Registered Definitive Note may transfer the Class A Notes represented thereby in whole 
or in part in the applicable minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Class A 
Registrar or any Class A Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. 
Provisions Relating to the Class A Notes while in Global Form 
Class A Global Notes will contain provisions that apply to the Class A Notes which they represent, some of 
which modify the effect of the Class A Conditions of the Class A Notes as set out in this Base Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(i) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Class A Global Note that is required by the 
Class A Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
principal amount of the relevant Class A Global Note. 
(ii) 
Notices: So long as any Class A Notes are represented by a Class A Global Note and such Class A Global 
Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, 
notices to the Class A Noteholders may be given, subject always to listing requirements, by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled Accountholders in substitution for publication as provided in the Class 
A Conditions. Such notices shall be deemed to have been received by the Class A Noteholders on the 
date of delivery to such clearing systems.

--- Page 313 ---
292 
(iii) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Class A Global Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Class A Register on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Class A Global Note is being held is open for business. 
(iv) 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Class A Global Notes which, according to the Class A 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Class A Note or Class A Coupon, will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Class A Global Note to or to the order of any Class A Paying Agent and will be effective 
to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Class A Notes. On 
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Class A Global Notes, 
the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(v) 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Class A Condition 
21 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Definitions”), while all the Class A Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Bearer Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary 
Global Note) or a Class A Registered Global Note and the Permanent Bearer Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Class A Registered Global Note 
is deposited with a depositary or a Common Depositary or a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day on which the TARGET2 system is open and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre; 
or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre. 
(vi) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: For so long as all of the Class A Notes are represented by one 
or both of the Class A Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Class A Notes to be redeemed will be required under Class A 
Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) in the event that the Issuer exercises its option pursuant to Class 
A Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the Class 
A Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial redemption will be effected pro rata in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 314 ---
293 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURE 
The information set out below has been obtained from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the 
“Clearing Systems”). The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information from 
information published by the Clearing Systems and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
the information published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In particular, such information is subject to any change in 
or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect and 
investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are therefore advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The 
information set out below is applicable to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes held by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes and cross-market transfers of the Class A Notes 
associated with secondary market trading. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for 
their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic 
book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an 
accountholder of either system. Investors may hold their interests in Class A Global Notes directly through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are accountholders (“Direct Participants”) or indirectly 
(“Indirect Participants” and together with Direct Participants, “Participants”) through organisations which 
are accountholders therein. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, is available to other institutions 
which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and 
custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers 
are worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. 
Book-entry ownership 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Each Bearer Global Note will have an ISIN and a common code and will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Common Safekeeper on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable). Each Class A Registered Global Note will have an 
ISIN and a common code and will be registered in the name of a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Common Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as applicable).

--- Page 315 ---
294 
Payments and relationship of participants with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a Class A 
Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may 
be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Class A Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Class A Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer expects that, upon receipt of any payment 
in respect of Class A Notes represented by a Class A Global Note and/or the Common Depositary, by whom 
such Class A Note is held, or nominee in whose name it is registered, will immediately credit the relevant 
participants’ or accountholders’ accounts in the relevant Clearing System with payments in amounts 
proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the relevant Class A Global Note 
shown on the records of the relevant Clearing System or its nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Direct Participants in any Clearing System to owners of beneficial interests in any Class A Global Note held 
through such Direct Participants in any Clearing System will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect 
of payments due on the Class A Notes for so long as the Class A Notes are represented by such Class A Global 
Note and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder, as the case may 
be, of such Class A Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Settlement and transfer of Class A Notes 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the nominee of their common depositary is the registered 
holder of a Global Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Class A Notes represented by such Class A Global Note for all 
purposes under the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Notes. Payments of principal, premium (if any), 
interest and additional amounts (if any) in respect of Class A Global Notes will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder thereof. None of the 
Issuer, any Obligor, the Class A Note Trustee, any Class A Agent, the Dealers or any affiliate of any of them or 
any person by whom any of them is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in Class A Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Distributions of principal, premium (if any) and interest with respect to book-entry interests in the Class A Notes 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, from the Class A Principal Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, customers in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures. 
Payments on the Class A Notes will be paid to the holder shown on the Class A Register on the close of business 
the business day before the due date for such payment so long as the Class A Notes are represented by a Class 
A Global Note, and on the close of business the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment if the Class A Notes are in the form of Definitive Notes (the “Record Date”). 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable Clearing System, purchases of Class A Notes held within 
a Clearing System must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Class A 
Notes on the clearing system’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Class A 
Note (the “Beneficial Owner”) will in turn be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from any clearing system of their purchase, but 
Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as

--- Page 316 ---
295 
periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in Class A Notes held within the clearing system will be effected by entries 
made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
certificates representing their ownership interests in such Class A Notes, unless and until interests in any Class 
A Global Note held within a clearing system are exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes. 
No clearing system has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Class A Notes held within such 
clearing system, and its records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such 
Class A Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other 
communications by the clearing systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, 
and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements 
among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive 
form. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Class A Global Note to such persons may be limited. 
Because Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, can only act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of 
a person having an interest in a Class A Global Note to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not 
participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected 
by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
will be reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. As necessary, the Class A Registrar will 
adjust the amounts of Class A Notes on the Class A Register for the accounts of the nominee of the common 
depositary to reflect the amounts of Class A Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg . 
Beneficial ownership in the Class A Notes will be held through financial institutions as direct and indirect 
participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Beneficial interests in the Class A Registered Global Note will be in uncertificated book-entry form. 
Trading between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg Accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional EuroNotes. 
Although the foregoing sets out the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in order to facilitate 
the transfers of interests in the Class A Notes among the participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, none of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, is under any obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, any 
Obligor, the Class A Note Trustee, any Class A Agent, the Dealers or any affiliate of any of them or any person 
by whom any of them is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act, will have any responsibility for the 
performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for 
the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements described above. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
Purchasers of the Class A Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices, and purchasers of the Class 
A Notes between the relevant date of pricing and the Issue Date should consult their own advisers.

--- Page 317 ---
296 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Class A Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Class A Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Class A Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Class A Notes is eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Class A Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Class A Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Class A

--- Page 318 ---
297 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, 
offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
AA Bond Co Limited 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2138002EPF6QVRZBMC58 
Issue of [Sub-Class A—[]] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of tranche] Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
under the £5,000,000,000 multicurrency Programme for the issuance of Class A Notes

--- Page 319 ---
298 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 July 2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as supplemented by 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Class A Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.](2) Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Class A Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing at https://live.euronext.com and copies may be obtained from the Specified Office of the Class A Paying 
Agents. 
1 
Issuer: 
 
[●] 
2 
(i) 
Sub-Class and Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Date on which the Class A Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single series: 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Class A Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with [●] on 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]. 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Class A 
Notes: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Sub-Class: 
 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations 
 
[●] [€/£[100,000]/$[200,000] and integral multiples 
of [€/£/$[1,000]] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€/£[100,000] /$[200,000]]. No Class A 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination of integral multiples above [€/£ 
[100,000]/$[200,000]].] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
 
[€/£/$][1,000] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Class A Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[●] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
8 
(i) 
Expected Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(ii) Cash Accumulation: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Cash Accumulation Period: 
 
[[●] months prior to the Final Maturity Date of the 
Corresponding Class A IBLA Advance] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
2 
To be included only if the Class A Notes are to be admitted to listing on the Official List, and to trading on the regulated market, of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 320 ---
299 
 
 
Required Accumulation Percentage: 
 
[[●]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Maturity Date: 
 
[●] 
9 
Instalment Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
10 
Interest Basis: 
 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
11 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Redemption 
at 
Expected 
Maturity/Final 
Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Instalment] 
12 
Call Options: 
 
Issuer Optional Redemption—[Class A Condition 
7(c) applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Class B Call Option—Class A Condition 7(h) 
applies 
Modified 
Optional 
Redemption—[Class 
A 
Condition 7(k) applies] [Not applicable] 
13 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Class 
A Notes obtained: 
 
[●] and [●] respectively]] 
14 
Method of Syndication: 
 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) 
Name of Dealer(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Name of Stabilising Manager 
 
[●] 
15 
[Fallback provisions:] 
 
[[●] [Not Applicable]] 
16 
[Relevant Financial Centre:] 
 
[[●] [Not Applicable]] 
17 
[Additional Financial Centre(s):] 
 
[[●] [Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Class A Initial Interest Rate: 
 
[●]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Class A Revised Interest Rate: 
 
[●]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(v) Class A Note Interest Amount[(s)]: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date] [[●] per Calculation 
Amount [in respect of each Class A Note Interest 
Period [from (and including) the first Interest 
Payment Date] up to (but excluding) the Expected 
Maturity Date and [●] in respect of each Class A 
Note Interest Period from (and including the

--- Page 321 ---
300 
Expected Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Final 
Maturity Date]] 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 Fixed] [Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Note basis] [30E/360 or Euro 
Note Basis] 
 
(vii) Reference Gilt: 
 
[●] [The Treasury stock whose modified duration 
most closely matches that of the Class A Notes on 
the Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the 
Issuer and approved by the Class A Note Trustee)] 
 
(viii) Comparable German Bund Issue: 
 
[●] [The German Bund whose modified duration 
most closely matches that of the Class A Notes on 
the Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the German Bund market (selected by 
the Issuer and approved by the Class A Note 
Trustee)] 
 
(ix) Comparable United States Treasury 
Securities: 
 
[●] [The Treasury Rate whose modified duration 
most closely matches that of the Class A Notes on 
the Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the Treasury Securities Market 
(selected by the Issuer and the Class A Note 
Trustee)] 
19 
[Reserved] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20 
Issuer Optional Redemption: 
 
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition 
[7(c)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
Any Interest Payment Date [falling on or after [●] 
and at a premium of [●].] 
 
(ii) Redemption Amount(s) of each Class A 
Note: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in Class A 
Condition 7(c)]] 
 
(iii) Redemption Margin 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(v) Notice period: 
 
[●] 
21 
Modified Optional Redemption: 
 
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition 
[7(k)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Call Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Redemption Amount(s) of each Class A 
Note: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Notice Period: 
 
[●]

--- Page 322 ---
301 
22 
[Escrow Arrangements: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Special Mandatory Redemption 
 
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition 
[7(l)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Escrow Longstop Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Escrow Release Conditions: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Special Mandatory Redemption Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(v) Special Mandatory Redemption Price: 
 
[●]] 
23 
Redemption Amount of each Class A Note: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [For purposes of 
Class A Conditions 7(c) and 7(e), as set out in Class 
A Condition 7(c)]] 
24 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption [or on Special Mandatory 
Redemption]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
25 
Form of Class A Notes: 
 
[Bearer/Registered] 
 
(i) 
If issued in Bearer form: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Class A 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note (TEFRA C Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Class A 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note (TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Class A 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note (neither TEFRA C Rules nor TEFRA D Rules 
apply).] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Temporary Global Note (TEFRA C 
Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Temporary Global Note (TEFRA D 
Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances

--- Page 323 ---
302 
specified in the Temporary Global Note (neither 
TEFRA C Rules nor TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C 
Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D 
Rules apply).] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note (neither 
TEFRA C Rules nor TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
(ii) If Class A Registered Notes: 
 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
Common 
Safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Regulation S Global Note 
26 
New Global Note: 
 
[Yes][No] 
27 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
28 
Class A Talons for future Class A Coupons or 
Class A Receipts to be attached to Class A 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Class A Talons mature): 
 
[No][Yes]. If yes, the Class A Talons mature on [●]. 
29 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
[N/A] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Amount: 
 
[●] 
30 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2, (In the case of Class 
A Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
Not Applicable] (In the case of Registered Notes)] 
[THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 324 ---
303 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
 
[Ireland] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Class A Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●]. 
 
 
 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Class A Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market and 
this is expected to be effective from [●]. 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
 
The Class A Notes to be issued [have been] [are 
expected to be] rated: 
 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”): [●] 
 
 
 
[add meaning of any rating provided, if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[●]/[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Class A Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[●] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
 
[●] 
[5 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Class A Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
Société Anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Class A 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●]

--- Page 325 ---
304 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if 
any): 
 
[●] 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Class A Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Class A Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Class A Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 326 ---
305 
DESCRIPTION OF LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS  
Banco Santander S.A., London Branch 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking is a brand name used by Banco Santander, S.A., and its affiliates. 
Banco Santander, S.A is a leading commercial bank, founded in 1857 and headquartered in Spain. It has a 
meaningful presence in 10 core markets in the Europe, North America and South America regions, and is one 
of the largest banks in the world by market capitalization. At the end of 2022, Banco Santander had €1.3 trillion 
in total funds, 160 million customers, 9,000 branches and 206,000 employees. Banco Santander, S.A. has its 
registered Address at Paseo de Pereda 9-12, 39004 Santander, Spain and is registered with the Bank of Spain 
(Banco de España) under registration number 0049 with CIF A-39000013. Banco Santander, S.A., London 
Branch is authorised and regulated by the Bank of Spain (Banco de España). It is also authorised by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited 
regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register number: 136261). Details about 
the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. The Banco 
Santander, S.A. entry in the Financial Services Register can be viewed by visiting the Financial Conduct 
Authority’s website www.fca.org.uk/register.  
Barclays Bank PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC (the Bank, and together with its subsidiary undertakings, the Barclays Bank Group) is a 
public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability of the members 
of the Bank is limited. It has its registered head office at 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP, United Kingdom 
(telephone number +44 (0)20 7116 1000). The Bank was incorporated on 7 August 1925 under the Colonial 
Bank Act 1925 and on 4 October 1971 was registered as a company limited by shares under the Companies 
Acts 1948 to 1967. Pursuant to The Barclays Bank Act 1984, on 1 January 1985, the Bank was re-registered as 
a public limited company and its name was changed from 'Barclays Bank International Limited' to 'Barclays 
Bank PLC'. The whole of the issued ordinary share capital of the Bank is beneficially owned by Barclays PLC. 
Barclays PLC (together with its subsidiary undertakings, the Group or Barclays) is the ultimate holding 
company of the Group. The Bank’s principal activity is to offer products and services designed for larger 
corporate, wholesale and international banking clients. 
Barclays is a British universal bank, supporting individuals and small businesses through its consumer banking 
services, and larger businesses and institutions through its corporate and investment banking services. Barclays 
is diversified by business, geography and income type. The Group's operations include consumer banking and 
payment services in the UK, U.S. and Europe, as well as a global corporate and investment bank. The Group 
operates as two divisions – the Barclays UK (Barclays UK) division and the Barclays International (Barclays 
International) division – which are supported by Barclays Execution Services Limited, the Group-wide service 
company providing technology, operations and functional services to businesses across the Group. Barclays 
UK consists of UK Personal Banking, UK Business Banking and Barclaycard Consumer UK businesses. These 
businesses are carried on by its UK ring-fenced bank, Barclays Bank UK PLC (BBUKPLC) and certain other 
entities within the Group. Barclays International consists of Corporate and Investment Bank and Consumer, 
Cards and Payments businesses. These businesses operate within its non-ring-fenced bank, the Bank and its 
subsidiaries, and by certain other entities within the Group.  
The short term unsecured obligations of the Bank are rated A-1 by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, P-1 by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited and the unsecured unsubordinated long term 
obligations of the Bank are rated A by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, A1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
and A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited.

--- Page 327 ---
306 
BNP Paribas, London Branch 
BNP Paribas, London Branch is part of the BNP Paribas Group, which is supervised by the European Central 
Bank (ECB), the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) and the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF), and is authorised as a credit institution by the ECB and as an investment services provider 
by the ACPR in France. It is incorporated in France as a société anonyme and has its registered office at 16 
boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France. 
Based upon its audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022, the BNP Paribas Group had 
consolidated assets of €2,666 billion (compared to €2,634 billion at 31 December 2021) and shareholders’ 
equity (Group share) of €122 billion (compared to €118 billion at 31 December 2021). 
Credit Suisse International 
Credit Suisse International (“CSi”), a bank domiciled in England established under English law, was 
incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 1985, on 9 May 1990, with registered no. 2500199. 
CSi was re-registered as an unlimited company under the name “Credit Suisse Financial Products” on 6 July 
1990, and was renamed “Credit Suisse First Boston International” on 27 March 2000 and “Credit Suisse 
International” on 16 January 2006. 
CSi is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG. CSi’s registered head office is in London and is 
located at One Cabot Square, London E14 4QJ and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7888 8888. CSi’s legal 
entity identifier (LEI) is E58DKGMJYYYJLN8C3868. CSi is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA 
and the PRA. 
CSi is an unlimited liability company and, as such, its shareholders have a joint, several and unlimited obligation 
to meet any insufficiency in the assets of CSi in the event of its liquidation. The joint, several and unlimited 
liability of the shareholders of CSi to meet any insufficiency in the assets of CSi will only apply upon liquidation 
of CSi. Therefore, prior to any liquidation of CSi, the creditors may only have the benefit of recourse to the 
assets of CSi and not to those of its shareholders. 
CSi commenced business on 16 July 1990. Its principal business is banking, including the trading of 
derivative products linked to interest rates, foreign exchange, equities, commodities and credit. The primary 
objective of CSi is to provide comprehensive treasury and risk management derivative product services. CSi 
has established a significant presence in global derivative markets through offering a full range of derivative 
products and continues to develop new products in response to the needs of its customers and changes in 
underlying markets. The business is managed as a part of the Global Markets and Investment Banking and 
Capital Markets Divisions of Credit Suisse AG.  
The liquidity and capital requirements of CSi are managed as an integral part of the wider Credit Suisse 
framework. This includes the local regulatory liquidity and capital requirements in the UK. 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB or the bank) is involved in lending and deposit-taking activities, 
securities lending and acts as a primary dealer for U.K. government bonds. The bank’s primary regulators are 
the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The bank’s ultimate 
parent undertaking and controlling entity is The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc.). 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (referred to in this section as the “Bank”) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a Delaware corporation whose principal office is located in New York,

--- Page 328 ---
307 
New York. The Bank offers a wide range of banking services to its customers, both domestically and 
internationally. It is chartered and its business is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency. 
Based upon its audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank had total assets 
of $3,743,567 million (2020: $3,384,757 million) and total stockholder’s equity of $294,127 million (2020: 
$279,354 million).

--- Page 329 ---
308 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
If you are a prospective purchaser, you should consult your tax adviser on the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Class A Notes under the laws of your country of citizenship, residence or 
domicile, including the effect of any local taxes applicable to you. The discussions that follow do not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
hold or sell the Class A Notes. In particular, this Base Prospectus does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to you. The discussions that follow for each jurisdiction are based upon the 
applicable laws and their interpretation in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and 
interpretations are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following is a summary of the UK withholding taxation treatment of payments of interest in respect of the 
Class A Notes as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The comments do not deal with other UK tax aspects of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of the Class A Notes. The comments are based on current UK law and published 
HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice, which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective 
effect. They relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Class A Notes and 
some aspects do not apply to certain classes of taxpayer (such as dealers). The summary set out below is a 
general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. If, as a prospective purchaser, you are in any 
doubt as to your tax position or may be subject to Tax in a jurisdiction other than the UK, you should consult 
your professional advisers. In particular, Class A Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation 
under the laws of the UK (by direct assessment) or other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the 
Class A Notes even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax 
under the laws of the UK. 
UK Withholding Tax on interest 
The Class A Notes that we issue will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” within the meaning of section 987 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”) provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange 
within the meaning of section 1005 of the Act or admitted to trading on a “multilateral trading facility” operated 
by an EEA regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of section 987 of the Act). Euronext Dublin 
has been designated as a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. Our understanding of current HMRC 
practice is that the Class A Notes will be treated as listed on Euronext Dublin if they are included in the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin in accordance 
with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in countries in the European Economic Area. While 
the Class A Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest on the Class A Notes may be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax. 
In all cases falling outside the exemption described above, payments in respect of interest on the Class A Notes 
will be paid under deduction of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to any direction to the 
contrary by HMRC under any applicable double taxation treaty. The withholding obligation is also disapplied 
in respect of payments to holders of the Class A Notes (i) which the Issuer reasonably believes are either a UK 
resident company or a non UK resident company carrying on a trade in the UK through a permanent 
establishment which brings into account the interest in computing its UK taxable profits, (ii) fall within various 
categories enjoying a special tax status (including charities and pension funds), or (iii) are partnerships 
consisting of such persons (unless HMRC direct otherwise). 
However, this obligation to withhold on account of UK income tax will not apply if the relevant interest is paid 
on Class A Notes with a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and which are not issued under

--- Page 330 ---
309 
arrangements the effect of which is to render such Class A Notes part of a borrowing intended to be capable of 
having a total term of one year or more. 
Other Rules relating to UK Withholding Tax 
The reference to “interest” in this UK taxation section means “interest” as understood in United Kingdom tax 
law, and in particular any premium element of the redemption amount of any Class A Notes redeemable at a 
premium may constitute a payment of interest subject to the withholding tax provisions discussed above. In 
certain cases, the same could be true for amounts of discount where Notes are issued at a discount. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of “interest” or “principal” which may 
prevail under any other law or which may be created by the Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes or any 
related documentation. Where interest has been paid under deduction of UK income tax, Class A Noteholders 
who are not resident in the UK may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an appropriate 
provision in any applicable double tax treaty. 
The above description of the UK withholding tax position assumes that there will be no substitution of the 
Issuer pursuant to Class A Condition 7(d) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption for 
Taxation or Other Reasons”) or Class A Condition 14(b) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Passing 
of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution”) of the Class A Notes and does 
not consider the tax consequences of any such substitution. 
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX 
MATTERS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR ABOUT THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO IT OF AN INVESTMENT IN CLASS A NOTES IN LIGHT OF THE 
INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Certain Jersey Taxation Considerations  
The following summary of Jersey taxation law in relation to the holding, sale or other disposition of Class A 
Notes by holders of the Class A Notes (other than Jersey residents) and the payment of interest in respect of the 
Class A Notes to holders of the Class A Notes (other than residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law as 
it is understood to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not constitute legal or tax advice. The 
holders of the Class A Notes should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, 
holding, selling or otherwise disposing of Class A Notes under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may 
be liable to taxation. The holders of Class A Notes should be aware that tax laws, rules and practice and their 
interpretation may change. 
Under the Jersey Income Tax Law, the Issuer will be regarded as not resident in Jersey under Article 123(1) of 
the Jersey Income Tax Law; provided that (and for so long as) it satisfies the conditions set out in that provision 
in which case the Issuer will not (except as noted below) be liable to Jersey income tax. 
If the Issuer derives any income from the ownership, exploitation or disposal of land/property in Jersey or the 
trade of importing or supplying hydrocarbon oil to or in Jersey, such income will be subject to Jersey income 
tax at the rate of 20 per cent. It is not expected that the Issuer will derive any such income. 
The Issuer will be able to pay interest in respect of the Class A Notes without any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of Jersey tax. Holders of the Class A Notes (other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to 
any Jersey tax in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of the Class A Notes.

--- Page 331 ---
310 
Goods and Services Tax  
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the GST Law. Consequently, the Issuer is not 
required to: 
 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in 
Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
Stamp Duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue or transfer of the Class A Notes except that stamp duty is payable 
on Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Class 
A Notes on the death of a holder of such Class A Notes where such Class A Notes are situated in Jersey. Stamp 
duty of up to 0.75% (which is capped at a maximum of £100,000) is payable on the grant of probate or letters 
of administration in Jersey in respect of a deceased natural person (i) who died domiciled in Jersey, on the value 
of the entire estate wherever situated (including any Class A Notes or interests therein) and (ii) otherwise, on 
the value of so much of the estate (including any Class A Notes or interests therein) if any, as is situated in 
Jersey. Where the Class A Notes are in registered form and the register is not maintained in Jersey, such Class 
A Notes should not be considered to be situated in Jersey for these purposes. 
FATCA Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as 
defined by FATCA, and including an intermediary through which Class A Notes are held) may be required to 
withhold at a rate of 30% on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The term “foreign passthru payment” is not yet 
defined. A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Class A Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Class A Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Class A Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that 
provide that, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to 
the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Class A Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. Holders should consult their own 
tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Class A Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Class A Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 332 ---
311 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealership Agreement 
Class A Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time in each case acting as principal pursuant to the dealership agreement dated 
24 June 2013 and supplemented on 1 July 2021 between, amongst others, the Issuer and certain of the Dealers 
(the “Dealership Agreement”). The arrangements under which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in the Dealership 
Agreement and each Subscription Agreement relating to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Any such agreement 
will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which such Class A Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and 
the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
subscription. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular series or Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
In the Dealership Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and maintenance of the Programme and the issue of Class A Notes under the 
Dealership Agreement and each of the Obligors and the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Dealers may, directly or indirectly through affiliates, have provided investment and/or commercial banking, 
financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and the Obligors and their affiliates from time to time for 
which they have received monetary compensation. The Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with the Obligors and their affiliates, including in relation to the Class A Notes. In 
addition, the Dealers may engage in the future in investment banking, commercial banking, financial or other 
advisory services with the Issuer, the Obligors or their affiliates. 
United States of America 
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. Persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them in Regulation S. 
Class A Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Class A Notes will be offered, sold and delivered 
only outside the United States, to persons who are not U.S. persons, in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has offered and sold, and it will offer or sell the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of an identifiable tranche of which such Class A Notes are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), 
only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting 
on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts in the United States with respect 
to Class A Notes, and it and they will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each 
Dealer and its affiliates agree that, at or prior to confirmation of the sale of Class A Notes, it will have sent to

--- Page 333 ---
312 
each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Class 
A Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice stating that each purchaser 
is subject to the foregoing restrictions on offers and sales. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, any offer or sale of 
such Class A Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In respect of Class A Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms : 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”), each 
Dealer (i) severally represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period 
it will not offer or sell, Class A Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Class A Notes in bearer form that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer severally represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have 
in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged 
in selling Class A Notes in bearer form are aware that such Class A Notes may not be offered or sold 
during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer severally represents that it is acquiring Class A Notes in bearer 
form for the purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Class A Notes 
in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Class A Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Class A Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer severally repeats and 
confirms the representations and agreements contained in Subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on such 
affiliate’s behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules . 
In respect of Class A Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, under U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), Class A Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside 
the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer severally represents 
and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such 
Class A Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, each Dealer severally represents and agrees that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States 
or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Class A Bearer Notes. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Due to the restrictions set forth above, purchasers of the Class A Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior 
to making an offer to purchase or to re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Class A Notes.

--- Page 334 ---
313 
European Economic Area 
In any Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of any Class A Notes, each Dealer will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Class A Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
In any Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of any Class A Notes, each Dealer will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Class A Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the 
“EUWA”); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Class A Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Class A Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Class A Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 335 ---
314 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Class A Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Class A Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Jersey  
Each Dealer has severally represented to, and agreed with, the Issuer that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold, or solicited an offer or invitation to purchase, and it will not offer or sell, or solicit an offer or invitation 
to purchase, any Class A Notes, except in compliance with all applicable Jersey laws, orders and regulations. 
Singapore 
In any Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of any Class A Notes, each Dealer will represent and 
acknowledge that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer will represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Class A Notes 
or caused the Class A Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Class A Notes or cause the Class A Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Class 
A Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Class A Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one of more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Bonds pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 336 ---
315 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that other than having obtained the approval of this Base Prospectus by the 
Central Bank for the Class A Notes to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin no action 
has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or any of the other parties that would permit a public 
offering of the Class A Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material, 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer shall to the best of its knowledge 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Class A Notes or have in their possession or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific country or jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) in the official interpretation, after the date of the Dealership Agreement, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the 
paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Subscription Agreement (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or in a drawdown prospectus applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes.

--- Page 337 ---
316 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Each purchaser of Class A Notes (which, for the purposes hereof, includes any Global Note, Definitive Note or 
a book-entry interest representing such Class A Notes) outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and 
each subsequent purchaser of such Class A Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the Distribution 
Compliance Period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Class A Notes, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged (on behalf of itself and any person for whose account or benefit it 
is purchasing such Class A Notes) that:  
(1) 
It is, or at the time such Class A Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Class A Notes 
and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation 
S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A 
to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S or 
(c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder 
(if available), in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Class A Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following: 
THIS CLASS A NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Class A Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or 
more Class A Regulation S Global Notes. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
before any interest in a Class A Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Class A Regulation S Global 
Note, it will be required to provide the Class A Transfer Agent with a written certification as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(6) 
Either (i) it is not and for as long as it holds the Class A Note (or any interest therein) it will not be, and 
is not and will not be acting on behalf of, an “employee benefit plan” as described in Section 3(3) of 
ERISA and subject to Part 4, Subtitle B of Title I of ER1SA, a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 
4975 of the Code, an entity whose underlying assets are deemed for purposes of Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code to include “plan assets” by reason of such employee benefit plan’s or plan’s 
investment in the entity, or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any 
state, local, other federal or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”), or (ii) its 
acquisition, holding and disposition of such Class A Note (or any interest therein) does not and will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(or, in the case of another employee benefit plan subject to Similar Law, is not in violation of any Similar

--- Page 338 ---
317 
Law). Any purported purchase or transfer of Class A Notes (or any interest in a Note) that does not 
comply with the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio.

--- Page 339 ---
318 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the granting of the Issuer Security and the issue of Class A Notes 
thereunder have been duly authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer passed at a meeting 
of the board held on 31 May 2013. The update and issue of this Base Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes 
thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on or about 
20 June 2023.   
The establishment of the Programme and the borrowings of the Borrower and the security provided by the 
Borrower in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors have 
been duly authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Borrower at a meeting of the board held on 
31 May 2013. The update and issue of this Base Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes thereunder have 
been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower passed on or about 20 June 2023.  
The establishment of the Programme and the provision of the guarantee by Holdco in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors have been duly authorised by resolutions 
of the board of directors of the Holdco at a meeting of the board held on 31 May 2013. The update and issue of 
this Base Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
board of directors of Holdco passed on or about 20 June 2023.   
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Class A Notes. 
Clearing and settlement 
The Class A Notes have been or will be accepted for clearing through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The appropriate Common Code, and ISIN for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If the Class 
A Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus and will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be 
an indication of future yield. 
Litigation 
(a) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects upon the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability;

--- Page 340 ---
319 
(b) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Borrower is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the 
Borrower’s financial position or profitability; and 
(c) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which Holdco is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Holdco 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (a) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects; (b) no significant change 
in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of the Issuer since 31 
January 2023. 
There has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) no significant change in the financial 
position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of the Borrower since 31 January 2023. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of 
Holdco since 31 January 2023. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of 
AADL since 31 January 2023. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of 
AAISL since 31 January 2023. 
Charges and Guarantees 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no outstanding loan capital, borrowings, indebtedness 
or contingent liabilities nor has the Issuer created any mortgages or given any charge or guarantee. 
Underlying Assets 
The Class A IBLAs have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments 
due and payable under the Class A Notes. 
Principal Holdco Group Entities 
AADL and AAISL comprise 61% of Adjusted EBITDA of the Holdco Group or 59% of Reported EBITDA of 
the Holdco Group for the year ended 31 January 2023 and are the main entities which are funding the Borrower.  
Documents Available 
For the life of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents are available for inspection on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.theaacorporate.com/investors: 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer, the Borrower, Holdco, AADL and AAISL;

--- Page 341 ---
320 
(b) 
the audited accounts of the Issuer, Holdco, the Borrower, AADL and AAISL for each 12-month period 
ended 31 January 2022 and 31 January 2023; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to Class A Notes which are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(e) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed (including the First Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 April 
2014, the Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 November 2016 and the Third 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 1 July 2021); and 
(f) 
the Class A Agency Agreement. 
Material Contracts 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Issuer has not entered into any contract or arrangement not being in the 
ordinary course of business other than the Issuer Transaction Documents. 
None of the Issuer, the Borrower or Holdco has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business, which could result in any of the Issuer, the Borrower or Holdco being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s, the Borrower’s or Holdco’s respective ability to meet its obligations 
to all secured creditors in respect of the Class A Notes being issued. 
Third-party information 
Third-party information referred to in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Business”, “Book-Entry Clearance 
Procedure” and “Description of Liquidity Facility Providers” has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted 
that could render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. See “Industry and Market Data”. 
Availability of Financial Statements 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and Holdco will be prepared as of 31 January in each year. 
Holdco will provide semi-annual and interim unaudited financial information to various parties under the terms 
of the CTA. All future audited annual financial statements (and any published semi-annual financial 
information) of the Issuer and Holdco will be available free of charge in accordance with “—Documents 
Available” above. 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer, the Borrower, Holdco, AADL and AAISL (the “Relevant 
Financial Statements”) have not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. There are no material differences between 
the accounting standards used in preparing the Relevant Financial Statements for the years ended 31 January 
2023 and 31 January 2022 and International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union. 
Information in respect of the Class A Notes and the underlying collateral 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Class A Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus of each Sub-Class, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer 
does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Class A Notes admitted to 
trading or the performance of the underlying collateral except for the Investor Report which will be prepared 
by the Borrower on a semi-annual basis and published on the designated website of the Borrower, being

--- Page 342 ---
321 
http://www.theaa.com and which will also be made available at the specified office of the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent. 
Other Activities of the Dealers 
The Dealers and their respective Affiliates (i) have provided, and may in the future provide, investment banking, 
commercial lending, consulting and financial advisory services to, (ii) have entered into and may, in the future 
enter into, other related transactions with, and (iii) have made or assisted or advised any party to make, and may 
in the future make or assist or advise any party to make, acquisitions and investments in or related to, the Issuer 
or the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates or other parties that may be involved in or 
related to the transactions contemplated in this Base Prospectus, in each case in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective Affiliates may from time to time also enter into swap and other 
derivative transactions with the Issuer and/or the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Obligors and/or 
their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates. The Dealers and/or their respective Affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer or the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers and/or their respective Affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Class A Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Class A Notes issued under 
the Programme or whether a specified barrier or level is reached. The Dealers and/or their respective Affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. Specifically, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, London 
Branch, Credit Suisse International and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch act as Liquidity Facility 
Providers in respect of the Liquidity Facility made available to the Issuer and the Borrower under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. The Dealers and their respective Affiliates may, in the future, act as Hedge Counterparties. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Class A Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Class A Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Websites 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Legend 
Bearer Notes, Class A Receipts, Class A Talons and Class A Coupons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
substantially to the following effect: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United

--- Page 343 ---
322 
States person who holds a Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon generally 
will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Class A Bearer Note, 
Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as 
capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
The Legal Entity Identifiers 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138002EPF6QVRZBMC58. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Borrower is 213800KFT9PATQG4YT68. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of AADL is 213800LX6QDNOW9RVM60. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of AAISL is 213800CL61HQKF6BXA54.

--- Page 344 ---
323 
GLOSSARY 
“1999 Regulations” means the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended. 
“2013 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2013. 
“2016 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2016. 
“2018 Senior Term Facility” means the term bank facility agreement entered into on 2 July 2018 between, 
amongst others, the Borrower and Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse 
International, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, BNP Paribas, London Branch. 
“2018 Working Capital Facility” means the working capital facility agreement entered into on 2 July 2018 
between, amongst others, the Borrower and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch, Bank of America, N.A., The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC 
Bank plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, Royal Bank of Canada and UBS AG, London Branch. 
“2019 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2019. 
“2022 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2022. 
“AA Corporation” means AA Corporation Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in England and 
Wales with registered number 3797747. 
“AA Intermediate Co Limited” means Holdco. 
“AA Ireland” means AA Ireland Limited, a private company limited by shares registered in Ireland with 
company number 389194. 
“AA Ireland Pension Agreement” means the pension agreement between the Borrower and the AA Ireland 
Pension Trustee dated 28 June 2013. 
“AA Ireland Pension Scheme” means the AA Ireland Pension Scheme which is currently governed by a trust 
deed and rules dated 4 April 2002 (as amended on 31 December 2012). 
“AA Ireland Pension Trustee” means AA Ireland Pension Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of the AA 
Ireland Pension Scheme. 
“AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities” means the amount not exceeding £10,000,000 due and payable as 
“Priority Pensions Liabilities” (as that term is defined in the AA Ireland Pension Agreement as at the date of 
the Master Definitions Agreement) in accordance with the AA Ireland Pension Agreement. 
“AA Limited” means the private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and 
Wales with registered number 05149111. 
“AA” or “AA Group” means AA Limited and its subsidiaries as a whole or any one or more of its subsidiaries. 
“AA Pension Schemes” means the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. 
“AA Pension Trustees” means the AA UK Pension Trustee and the AA Ireland Pension Trustee. 
“AA Senior Co Limited” means the Borrower.

--- Page 345 ---
324 
“AA UK Pension Agreement” means the pension agreement between the Borrower and the AA UK Pension 
Trustee dated 28 June 2013. 
“AA UK Pension Scheme” means the AA pension scheme which is currently governed by a trust deed dated 
28 March 2006 (as amended) and the rules dated 27 March 2007 (as amended). 
“AA UK Pension Trustee” means AA Pensions Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme and any successor thereto which has acceded to the STID as AA UK Pension Trustee. 
“AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities” means, prior to the ABF Implementation Date, the amount not 
exceeding £150,000,000 due and payable as “Priority Pension Liabilities” (as that term is defined in the AA UK 
Pension Agreement as at the date of the Master Definitions Agreement) in accordance with the AA UK Pension 
Agreement or, with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, £0. 
“AADL” means Automobile Association Developments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in 
England and Wales with registered number 1878835. 
“AAISL” means Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited. 
“AAPMP” means our unfunded Post-retirement Private Medical Plan scheme. 
“AAUICL” means AA Underwriting Insurance Company Limited. 
“AAUL” means AA Underwriting Limited. 
“AAUSL” means Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited. 
“ABF” means the asset-backed funding structure entered into in the context of the actuarial valuation of the AA 
UK Pension Scheme as at 31 March 2013, as referred to in the AA UK Pension Agreement. 
“ABF Implementation Date” means the date of implementation of the ABF by the execution of the amended 
and restated partnership agreement establishing the Partnership on the terms set out in the AA UK Pension 
Agreement. 
“ABF Intercreditor Deed” means an agreement entitled the “ABF Intercreditor Deed” to be entered into by, 
amongst others, the Partnership, IPCo and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“ABF Security Agreement” means a security agreement entitled the “ABF Security Agreement” to be entered 
into by, amongst others, the Partnership, IPCo and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“ABF Transaction Documents” means the documents to be entered into in the context of implementing the 
ABF including the ABF Intercreditor Deed, the ABF Security Agreement and the loan note between IPCo and 
the Partnership. 
“Acceptable Bank” means a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long term unsecured and 
non-credit enhanced debt obligations of: 
(a) 
in relation to any bank account opened by an Obligor or the Issuer on or prior to the Closing Date, BBB- 
or higher by S&P; or 
(b) 
in relation to any bank account opened by an Obligor or the Issuer after the Closing Date, BBB or higher 
by S&P on the date such account is opened, 
or, in each case, such lower rating as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Rating Agency provided 
that any such lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing on “credit watch 
negative” (or equivalent) of the then current ratings of the Class A Notes.

--- Page 346 ---
325 
“Account Bank” means the Issuer Account Bank or the Borrower Account Bank, as applicable; 
“Accounting Principles” means generally accepted accounting principles, in the case of an Obligor other than 
the Irish Obligor, in the United Kingdom, and in the case of the Irish Obligor, in Ireland, and in each case as at 
the date of the Master Definitions Agreement. 
“Accounting Reference Date” means 31 January in each year, except as adjusted in accordance with the CTA. 
“Acromas Group” means Acromas Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, other than Topco, the Holdco Group 
and the Saga Group. 
“ACTA” means ACTA Assistance. 
“Acquisition” means the acquisition by Bidco of the entire issued ordinary share capital of AA Limited 
implemented by the Scheme which became effective on 9 March 2021. 
“Additional Class A Note Amounts” means all Make-Whole Amounts and all other amounts (that do not 
constitute interest or principal) payable by the Issuer under the Class A Conditions. 
“Additional Class B Note Amounts” means all additional amounts and all other amounts (that do not constitute 
interest or principal) payable by the Issuer under the Class B Conditions. 
“Additional Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower after the 
Closing Date under an Authorised Credit Facility and provided by an Obligor Secured Creditor in accordance 
with the terms of the CTA and the STID (excluding any Liquidity Facility) provided that: 
(a) 
to the extent such Authorised Credit Facility is for the purpose of refinancing any then existing Financial 
Indebtedness or replacing any then existing commitments in respect of Financial Indebtedness that: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the most recent Test Period (in respect of which a Compliance 
Certificate has been delivered) prior to the date such Authorised Credit Facility is entered into 
shall not be less than the Trigger Event Ratio Level, calculated on a pro forma basis (x) assuming 
such refinancing and/or replacement took place at the beginning of that Test Period (and in respect 
of any refinancing or replacement of a Working Capital Facility with another Working Capital 
Facility, that such replacement Working Capital Facility was utilised to the same extent as that 
refinanced or replaced Working Capital Facility during that period) and (y) taking into account 
any other Authorised Credit Facility entered into since the end of that Test Period on the same 
basis as the calculations provided in respect of that Authorised Credit Facility; 
(ii) 
there is no CTA Event of Default outstanding or continuing at the date the relevant Authorised 
Credit Facility is entered into and, on such date, no CTA Event of Default would occur as a result 
of the utilisation in full of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
other than in relation to the refinancing or replacement of any Working Capital Facility with 
another Working Capital Facility for the same or a lesser principal amount and with an availability 
period which expires after the Final Maturity Date of the Working Capital Facility it refinances 
or replaces, the Rating Agency has confirmed that any Class A Notes then outstanding would 
immediately following (and taking into account) such refinancing or replacement be rated: (x) if 
the Authorised Credit Facility being refinanced or replaced is a Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility, at least the Initial Rating of the first series of Class A Notes from the Rating Agency; or 
(y) if the Authorised Credit Facility being refinanced or replaced is a Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility, at least the lower of the then current rating of those Class A Notes and the Initial Rating 
of the first series of Class A Notes from the Rating Agency; and

--- Page 347 ---
326 
(iv) 
such Authorised Credit Facility shall rank pari passu with or junior to the existing Financial 
Indebtedness it refinances; 
(b) 
to the extent such Authorised Credit Facility is for the purpose of providing incremental Financial 
Indebtedness or commitments in respect of Financial Indebtedness (in each case in excess of such 
amounts at that time) or is for the purpose of refinancing or replacing Financial Indebtedness referred to 
in paragraph (d) of the definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”: 
(i) 
such Authorised Credit Facility shall rank pari passu with any other Authorised Credit Facility 
of the same class (other than a Liquidity Facility); 
(ii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the most recent Test Period (in respect of which a Compliance 
Certificate has been delivered) prior to the date such Authorised Credit Facility is entered into 
shall not be less than the Trigger Event Ratio Level, calculated on a pro forma basis (x) assuming 
utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit Facility at the beginning of that Test Period and (y) 
taking into account any other Authorised Credit Facility entered into since the end of that Test 
Period on the same basis as the calculations provided in respect of that Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
there is no CTA Event of Default outstanding or continuing as at the date the relevant Authorised 
Credit Facility is entered into and, on such date, no CTA Event of Default would occur as a result 
of the utilisation in full of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iv) 
utilising such Authorised Credit Facility in full would not cause the ratio of Total Class A Net 
Debt as at the most recent Test Date (in respect of which a Compliance Certificate has been 
delivered) to EBITDA for the Test Period ending on that date to exceed 5.5:1, calculated on a pro 
forma basis (x) assuming utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit Facility on that Test Date 
but not taking account of any proceeds of that Authorised Credit Facility as Cash or Cash 
Equivalent Investments, (y) taking into account any other Authorised Credit Facility referred to 
in this paragraph (b) entered into since the end of that Test Period on the same basis as provided 
for in this paragraph and (z) taking into account any other Authorised Credit Facility which has 
been repaid or refinanced since the end of that Test Period; and 
(v) 
the Rating Agency has confirmed the Class A Notes then outstanding would, immediately 
following (and having taken into account) the utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit Facility, 
be rated at least the Initial Rating of the first series of Class A Notes from the Rating Agency. 
“Additional Obligor Secured Creditor” means any person not already an Obligor Secured Creditor which 
becomes an Obligor Secured Creditor. 
“Administrative Receiver” means an administrative receiver as defined in Section 29(2) of the Insolvency 
Act 1986. 
“Affected Obligor Secured Creditor” means each Obligor Secured Creditor (and where the Issuer is the 
relevant Affected Obligor Secured Creditor, each Issuer Secured Creditor (the “Affected Issuer Secured 
Creditor”)) who is affected by an Entrenched Right. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person 
or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company provided that in relation to The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, 
the term “Affiliate” shall not include (i) the UK government or any member or instrumentality thereof, including 
Her Majesty’s Treasury and UK Financial Investments Limited (or any directors, officers, employee or entities 
thereof) or (ii) any persons or entities controlled by or under common control with the UK government or any 
members or instrumentality thereof (including Her Majesty’s Treasury and UK Financial Investments Limited) 
and which are not part of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc and its subsidiaries or subsidiary undertakings.

--- Page 348 ---
327 
“Agency Agreement” means the Class A Agency Agreement or the Class B Agency Agreement. 
“Agent” means each of the Principal Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Class A 
Agent Bank, the Registrars or any other agent appointed by the Issuer pursuant to any Agency Agreement or a 
Calculation Agency Agreement and “Agents” means all of them. 
“Aggregate Available Liquidity” means on any Test Date the sum of the aggregate commitments under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement and the balance (if any) on the Debt Service Reserve Account at such Test Date. 
“all of its rights” means: 
(a) 
the benefit of all covenants, undertakings, representations, warranties and indemnities; 
(b) 
all powers and remedies of enforcement and/or protection; 
(c) 
all rights to receive payment of all amounts assured or payable (or to become payable), all rights to serve 
notices and/or to make demands and all rights to take such steps as are required to cause payment to 
become due and payable; and 
(d) 
all causes and rights of action in respect of any breach and all rights to receive damages or obtain other 
relief in respect thereof, 
in each case in respect of the relevant Issuer Secured Property. 
“Annual Financial Statements” means the financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraph 1(a) 
(Financial Statements) of part A (Information Covenants) of schedule 3 (Holdco Group Covenants) to the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
“Anticipated Cost Savings” means, in relation to a Permitted Acquisition, the identifiable and quantifiable net 
cost savings (excluding non-recurring costs) that are reasonably anticipated by Holdco to be realised by the 
Holdco Group in the 12 month period following such Permitted Acquisition but only to the extent such 
anticipated cost savings and the assumptions underlying them (together with reasonably detailed calculations 
in respect of them) have been reviewed and certified as reasonable by (i) the finance director of Holdco if such 
cost savings are less than £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent); or (ii) the auditors of Holdco (or such other 
third-party professional accountants or advisers acceptable to the Obligor Security Trustee) if such cost savings 
are £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) or more. 
“Authorisations” means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation 
or registration. 
“Authorised Credit Facility” means any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or any Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
“Authorised Credit Provider” means a Class A Authorised Credit Provider or a Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider. 
“Authorised Person” has the meaning given to it in section 31 of the FSMA. 
“Available Enforcement Proceeds” means, on any date, all monies received or recovered by the Obligor 
Security Trustee (or any Receiver or Administrative Receiver or administrator appointed by it) in respect of the 
Obligor Security and under the guarantees from the Obligors (but excluding any amounts standing to the credit 
of or recovered by the Obligor Security Trustee from the Defeasance Account, the Mandatory Prepayment 
Account, any Liquidity Facility Standby Account and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Borrower Hedge 
Replacement Premium in respect of a Hedging Transaction). 
“AVAs” means Added Value Accounts.

--- Page 349 ---
328 
“Bank Debt Sweep Period” means each period ending on the last day of a Financial Year specified in a Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which Excess Cashflow is required to be applied towards prepaying 
the outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility on each Cash Sweep Payment 
Date, subject to and in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Bank Instructing Group” means the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors excluding the Issuer in its capacity 
as the Class A Authorised Credit Provider under any Class A IBLA. 
“Base Currency” means pounds sterling. 
“Basel II” means the “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards, a Revised 
Framework” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 in the form existing on 
the date of the Master Definitions Agreement but excluding any amendment taking account of or incorporating 
any measure from Basel III. 
“Basel III” means: 
(a) 
the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in “Basel III: 
A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems”, “Basel III: International 
framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring” and “Guidance for national 
authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer” published by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated; 
(b) 
the rules for global systemically important banks contained in “Global systemically important banks: 
assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement—Rules text” published by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or restated; 
and 
(c) 
any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating to 
“Basel III”. 
“Basing Topco” means Basing Topco Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey 
with registered number 132819. 
“Bidco” Basing Bidco Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with registered 
number 132817. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document in the English language issued by a Class A Paying Agent or a 
Class B Paying Agent, as applicable: 
(a) 
certifying that the Deposited Class A Notes as applicable, have been deposited with such Class A Paying 
Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing system and 
will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
close of business (London time) on the Voting Date; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Class A Paying Agent not less than 24 hours before the Voting Date of the 
receipt for the Deposited Class A Notes and notification thereof by such Class A Paying Agent to 
the Class A Note Trustee; 
(b) 
certifying that the depositor of each Deposited Class A Note or a duly authorised person on its behalf 
has instructed the relevant Class A Paying Agent that the Votes attributable to such Deposited Class A 
Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class A Voting Matter and that, until the end of the Voting 
Period, such instructions may not be amended or revoked;

--- Page 350 ---
329 
(c) 
listing the aggregate principal amount and (if in definitive form) the serial numbers of the Deposited 
Class A Notes distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to Vote for, 
or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(d) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Deposited Class A Notes or Deposited 
Class B Notes, as applicable, in connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with such 
instructions and the provisions the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Blocked Class A Notes” means certain specified Class A Registered Notes which have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until close of business (London time) on the Voting 
Date. 
“Borrower” means AA Senior Co Limited, an indirect subsidiary of Holdco. 
“Borrower Account Bank” means Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement). 
“Borrower Account Bank Agreement” the account bank agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Borrower, 
the Borrower Account Bank and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Borrower Hedge Counterparty” means each Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparty and any entity which 
becomes a Party as a Hedge Counterparty to a Borrower Hedging Agreement and accedes as a Hedge 
Counterparty to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement. 
“Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium” means a premium or upfront payment received by the Borrower 
from a replacement hedge counterparty under a replacement hedge agreement entered into with the Borrower 
to the extent of any termination payment due to a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under a Borrower Hedging 
Agreement. 
“Borrower Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro-
forma Hedging Agreement to the Hedging Policy (as amended from time to time) entered into by the Borrower 
and a Borrower Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time 
each relevant Borrower Hedging Transaction is entered into) and which governs the Borrower Hedging 
Transactions between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement 
and the confirmations evidencing the Borrower Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
“Borrower Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt governed 
by a Borrower Hedging Agreement and, in each case, entered into with the Borrower in accordance with the 
Hedging Policy. 
“Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the Liquidity Facility Standby Account in the name 
of Borrower. 
“Borrower Liquidity Shortfall” means after taking into account Cash Available to the Borrower, with respect 
to any LF Interest Payment Date (as determined by the Cash Manager on the Determination Date in respect of 
that LF Interest Payment Date), there will be insufficient funds to pay on such LF Interest Payment Date any of 
the amounts to be paid in respect of “Summary of the Common Documents—Part A—Obligor Operating 
Accounts and certain Designated Accounts” items (1) to (7) (inclusive) (excluding (i) any principal payable 
under any working capital facility, (ii) all amounts payable under any Class A IBLA (including any Facility 
Fees) and (iii) any amount payable under items 6, 7(b) and 7(c)) of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments”.

--- Page 351 ---
330 
“BSM” means British School of Motoring. 
“Business customer” means a customer who receives roadside assistance cover indirectly as an “add-on” or a 
complementary service to the products and services they purchase from another business. 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for general business 
in London and Dublin. 
“business market” means the market made up of business partners. 
“business partner” means a third-party company or other organisation that offers “add-on” or complementary 
products and services to its own customers. 
“Business Transfer Deed” means the deed entered into between TAAL and AADL on 2 July 2013 relating to 
the sale of the business, assets and undertaking of TAAL to AADL. 
“Calculation Agency Agreement” in relation to the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class, means an agreement in 
or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Agency Agreement. 
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the person appointed as calculation 
agent in relation to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in 
respect of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
“Capital Expenditure” means expenditure which, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, is treated as 
capital expenditure. 
“Capital Resources” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID, has the meaning 
given to that term in clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of Restricted Cash, means capital resources calculated in accordance 
with INSPRU, GENPRU or MIPRU as applicable; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of the definition of Permitted Payment, means capital resources calculated in accordance 
with the applicable rules in the relevant jurisdiction. 
“CARE” means career average revalued earnings. 
“Cash” means, at any time, cash denominated in sterling, dollars or euro in hand or at bank and (in the latter 
case) credited to an account in the name of the Borrower or another Obligor with an Acceptable Bank and to 
which the Borrower or other Obligor is alone beneficially entitled and for so long as: 
(a) 
that cash is repayable on demand or within 90 Business Days after demand; 
(b) 
repayment of that cash is not contingent on the prior discharge of any other indebtedness of the Borrower 
or other Obligor or of any other person whatsoever or on the satisfaction of any other condition; 
(c) 
there is no Security Interest over that cash except under the Obligor Security Documents or any Permitted 
Security constituted by a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Borrower or other Obligor in 
the ordinary course of their banking arrangements; 
(d) 
that cash is freely and (except as referred to in paragraph (a) above) immediately available to be applied 
in repayment or prepayment of the Obligor Secured Liabilities; and 
(e) 
that cash is not Restricted Cash.

--- Page 352 ---
331 
“Cash Accumulation Period” means the period prior to the Final Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility designated as a Cash Accumulation Period in such Class A Note or Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
“Cash Available to the Borrower” means, in respect of any Determination Date under a Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, the funds available for drawing from the Debt Service Payment Account on such Determination 
Date. 
“Cash Available to the Issuer” means, in respect of any Determination Date under a Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, the sum of (i) the funds available for drawing from the Issuer Transaction Accounts on such 
Determination Date; and (ii) the amount to be paid to the Issuer on the immediately succeeding LF Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Cash Equivalent Investments” means at any time: 
(a) 
certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by an 
Acceptable Bank; 
(b) 
any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United 
States of America, the United Kingdom, France or Germany or by an instrumentality or agency of any 
of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation 
and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security, provided that, in each case, such investments 
have a long-term credit rating from S&P at least equal to or higher than the then current rating of the 
Class A Notes or such other rating as is consistent with the criteria applied by S&P from time to time; 
(c) 
commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security: 
(i) 
for which a recognised trading market exists; 
(ii) 
issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America or the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
which matures within one year after the relevant date of calculation; and 
(iv) 
which has a credit rating of A-1 or higher by S&P, or, if no rating is available in respect of the 
commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit 
enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating from S&P; 
(d) 
sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted by an Acceptable 
Bank (or their dematerialised equivalent); 
(e) 
any investment in money market funds which (i) have a credit rating of A-1 or higher by S&P, (ii) invest 
substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (d) above and (iii) 
can be turned into cash on not more than 90 days’ notice; and 
(f) 
in the case of the Obligors, any other debt security approved by the Obligor Security Trustee in 
accordance with the STID and in the case of the Issuer, any other debt security approved by the Issuer 
Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge provided that that, in each case, such debt 
securities have a long-term credit rating from S&P at least equal to or higher than the then current rating 
of the Class A Notes or such other rating as is consistent with the criteria applied by S&P from time, 
in each case, to which any member of the Holdco Group is alone (or together with other members of the Holdco 
Group) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any member of the Holdco 
Group or any of its Affiliates or subject to any Security Interest (other than in the case of the Obligors a Security 
Interest arising under the Obligor Security Documents and in the case of the Issuer a Security Interest arising 
under the Issuer Security Documents).

--- Page 353 ---
332 
“Cash Manager” means Automobile Association Developments Limited, a company registered in England and 
Wales with registered number 1878835, or any substitute cash manager. 
“Cash Sweep Payment Date” means 31 July in each Financial Year (or, if that day is not a Business Day, the 
preceding Business Day) if the preceding Financial Year was a Bank Debt Sweep Period. 
“CCP” means a central clearing house authorised under Article 14 of EMIR or recognised under Article 25 of 
EMIR. 
“CCP Service” means, in respect of a CCP, an over-the-counter derivative clearing service offered by such 
CCP. 
“Central Bank” means the Central Bank of Ireland. 
“CGB” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note, in either 
case where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Class A Notes are in CGB form. 
“Charterhouse” means Charterhouse Capital Partners. 
“Chief Financial Officer” means the Holdco’s finance director or any statutory director of the Borrower, acting 
as that officer’s deputy in that capacity or performing those functions. 
“Class” means with respect to each class of Notes, Class A Notes and Class B Notes. 
“Class A Agency Agreement” means the agreement dated 2 July 2013, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the 
other Class A Paying Agents, the Class A Registrar, Class A Agent Bank and Class A Transfer Agents in relation 
to all or any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, and any other agreement for the time being in force appointing further 
or other Class A Paying Agents or Class A Transfer Agents or other Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class A 
Agent Bank or Class A Registrar in relation to all or any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, or in connection with their 
duties, unless permitted under the Class A Agency Agreement, where necessary with the prior written approval 
of the Class A Note Trustee, together with any agreement for the time being in force amending or modifying 
any of the aforesaid agreements. 
“Class A Agent” means the Class A Paying Agents and the Class A Registrar. 
“Class A Agent Bank” means, in relation to the Class A Notes of any relevant Sub-Class, the bank initially 
appointed as agent bank in relation to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the Class A 
Agency Agreement or, if applicable, any Successor agent bank in relation to such Class A Notes. 
“Class A Authorised Credit Facility” means any credit agreement entered into by the Borrower and any other 
agreement under which the Borrower incurs any Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Class B Authorised 
Credit Facility) with one or more persons as permitted by the terms of the CTA the providers of which are 
parties to or have acceded to the STID, the CTA and the MDA, including any Class A IBLA, the Working 
Capital Facility Agreement, the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the 
Borrower Hedging Agreements and any fee letter, arrangement letter or commitment letter entered into in 
connection with the foregoing facilities or agreements or the transactions contemplated in the foregoing 
facilities, which in each case (other than a Liquidity Facility Agreement) ranks pari passu with the Initial Class 
A IBLA, the Working Capital Facility Agreement or the Senior Term Facility Agreement and has been 
designated as a document that should be deemed to be a Class A Authorised Credit Facility for the purposes of 
this definition by the parties thereto. 
“Class A Authorised Credit Provider” means a lender or other provider of credit or financial accommodation 
under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility.

--- Page 354 ---
333 
“Class A Bearer Definitive Note” means a Class A Bearer Note in definitive form issued or, as the case may 
require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement or any other 
agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note 
Trust Deed in exchange for either a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or part thereof or a Class A 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or part thereof (all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), such Class A 
Bearer Note in definitive form being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust 
Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) and having the Class A Conditions 
endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, incorporating the Class A Conditions by 
reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having the relevant information supplementing, 
replacing or modifying the Class A Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto and having Class A Coupons and, where appropriate, Class A Receipts and/or Class A Talons 
attached thereto on issue. 
“Class A Bearer Note” means those Class A Notes which are for the time being in bearer form. 
“Class A Closing Date” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the date on which the Issuer 
makes a Class A IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding Class A IBLA; 
“Class A Conditions” means in relation to the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class, the terms and conditions 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Class A Note or Class A Notes constituting such Sub-Class, 
such terms and conditions being substantially in the form set out in schedule 3 (Terms and Conditions) of the 
Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form, having regard to the terms of the Class A Notes of the relevant 
Sub-Class, as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) as 
completed by the Final Terms applicable to the Class A Notes of the relevant Sub-Class, in each case as from 
time to time modified in accordance with the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed and any reference in 
the Class A Note Trust Deed to a particular specified Class A Condition or paragraph of a Class A Condition 
shall be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Coupon” means an interest coupon appertaining to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note, such coupon 
being: 
(a) 
if appertaining to a Fixed Rate Class A Note, in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Class 
A Note Trust Deed or in such other form, having regard to the terms of issue of the Class A Notes of the 
relevant Sub-Class, as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s); or 
(b) 
if appertaining to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note which is not a Fixed Rate Class A Note, in such form 
as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued 
or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, 
the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), and includes, where applicable, the Class A Talon(s) 
appertaining thereto and any replacements for Class A Coupons and Class A Talons. 
“Class A Couponholder” means any person holding a Class A Coupon. 
“Class A Default Ratio Level” means 1.10:1.00. 
“Class A Definitive Note” means a Class A Bearer Definitive Note and/or, as the context may require, a Class 
A Registered Definitive Note.

--- Page 355 ---
334 
“Class A Exchange Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if applicable, any Successor 
exchange agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a majority 
of not less than 75% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who 
(i) for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter and (ii) have participated in the 
approval process in respect of such resolution, subject to the quorum requirements set out in the Class A Note 
Trust Deed; or (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Class A Noteholders of 
such Sub-Class. 
“Class A FCF DSCR” means the ratio of FCF to Class A Total Debt Service Charges. 
“Class A Global Note” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or a Class A Permanent Bearer 
Global Note issued in respect of the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class and/or a Class A Registered Global Note, 
as the context may require. 
“Class A IBLA” means the Initial Class A IBLA and any additional loan agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Borrower after 2 July 2013 on substantially the same terms as the Initial Class A IBLA 
“Class A Initial Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Instructing Group” means the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors. 
“Class A Interest Commencement Date” means`, in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, in the case 
of interest bearing Class A Notes, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which 
such Class A Notes bear interest, which may or may not be the Issue Date. 
“Class A Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, with respect to 
the Class A Interest Rate and a Class A Note Interest Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of such Class A Note 
Interest Period (or if the specified currency is sterling, the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period) (as 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention (as defined above) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
“Class A Interest Rate” means the Class A Initial Interest Rate or the Class A Revised Interest Rate, as the case 
may be. 
“Class A Note” means a Note issued pursuant to the Programme and denominated in such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) which has such maturity and 
denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and issued or to be issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust Deed and which 
shall, in the case of a Class A Bearer Note, either (i) initially be represented by, and comprised in, a Class A 
Temporary Bearer Global Note which may (in accordance with the terms of such Class A Temporary Bearer 
Global Note) be exchanged for a Class A Bearer Definitive Note or a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note 
which Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note may (in accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) in turn be exchanged for a Class A Bearer Definitive Note or (ii) be represented by, and comprised 
in, a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note which may (in accordance with the terms of such Class A 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) be exchanged for a Class A Bearer Definitive Note (all as indicated in the

--- Page 356 ---
335 
applicable Final Terms) and which may, in the case of the Class A Registered Notes, either be in definitive form 
or be represented by, and comprised in, one or more Class A Regulation S Global Notes each of which may (in 
accordance with the terms of such Class A Regulation S Global Note) be exchanged for Class A Registered 
Definitive Notes or another Class A Regulation S Global Note (all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
and includes any replacements for a Class A Note (whether a Class A Bearer Note or a Registered Note, as the 
case may be) issued pursuant to the Class A Conditions and “Class A Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Note Acceleration Notice” means a notice issued by the Class A Note Trustee to the Issuer declaring 
all of the Class A Notes immediately due and payable following a Class A Note Event of Default which is 
continuing. 
“Class A Note Interest Amount” means the amount of interest in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
Class A Notes for the relevant Class A Note Interest Period. 
“Class A Note Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class A Note Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Class A Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) a Class A Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Class A Interest Payment Date. 
“Class A Note Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes, the earlier of (a) the 
date on which all amounts in respect of the Class A Notes have been paid, and (b) 5 days after the date on which 
all of the Principal Amount Outstanding has been received by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class 
A Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Class A Noteholders. 
“Class A Note Trust Deed” means the note trust deed entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer and the 
Class A Note Trustee in respect of the Class A Notes, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Class A Note 
Trust Deed dated 23 April 2014, a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 November 2016 
and a Third Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus and as 
the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to time. 
“Class A Note Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any other or additional trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders and the Class A Couponholders. 
“Class A Noteholder” means the several persons who are for the time being holders of the outstanding Class 
A Notes (being, in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, the bearers thereof and, in the case of Class A Registered 
Notes, the several persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the Class A Registered Notes 
as the holders thereof) save that, in respect of the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class for so long as such Class A 
Notes or any part thereof are represented by Class A Global Note deposited with a common depositary (in the 
case of a CGB) or common safekeeper (in the case of a NGB or a Class A Regulation S Global Note held under 
the NSS) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall be an accountholder of Euroclear, and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of the Class A Notes of such Sub-Class 
shall be deemed to be the holder of such principal amount of such Class A Notes (and the holder of the relevant 
Class A Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Class A Notes and, 
the rights to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee, solely in such common 
depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee and for which purpose such common depositary, common

--- Page 357 ---
336 
safekeeper or its nominee shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of such Class A Notes in 
accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class A 
Conditions; and the expressions “Class A Noteholder, holder” and “holder of the Class A Notes” and related 
expressions shall (where appropriate) be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Ordinary Resolution” means (a) a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a simple 
majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who (i) for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter and (ii) have participated in the approval 
process in respect of such resolution, subject to the quorum requirements set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
or (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than half of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who for the time being are entitled to receive notice 
of a Class A Voting Matter, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Class A Noteholders of such Sub-
Class. 
“Class A Paying Agents” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas. 
“Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note” means a global note in the form or substantially in the form set out 
the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a 
particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between 
the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), together 
with the copy of the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all of the Class A Bearer Notes 
of the same Sub-Class, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and 
the Class A Note Trust Deed either on issue or in exchange for the whole or part of any Class A Temporary 
Bearer Global Note issued in respect of such Class A Bearer Notes. 
“Class A Principal Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if applicable, any Successor 
principal paying agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Receipt” means a receipt attached on issue to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note redeemable in 
instalments for the payment of an instalment of principal, such receipt being in the form or substantially in the 
form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form as may be required in any jurisdiction in 
which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
includes any replacements for Class A Receipts. 
“Class A Receiptholder” means any person holding a Class A Receipt. 
“Class A Register” means a register of the holders of the Class A Registered Notes which shall show (i) the 
nominal amount of Class A Notes represented by each Class A Registered Global Note, (ii) the nominal amounts 
and the serial numbers of the Class A Registered Definitive Notes, (iii) the dates of issue of all Class A 
Registered Notes, (iv) all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership of Class A Registered Notes, (v) the 
names and addresses of the holders of the Class A Registered Notes, (vi) all cancellations of Class A Registered 
Notes, whether because of their purchase and surrender for cancellation by the Issuer or an Obligor, replacement 
or otherwise and (vii) all replacements of Class A Registered Notes. 
“Class A Registered Definitive Note” means a Class A Registered Note in definitive form issued or, as the case 
may require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement or any 
other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A 
Note Trust Deed either on issue or in exchange for a Class A Registered Global Note or part thereof (all as

--- Page 358 ---
337 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), such Class A Registered Definitive Note being in the form or 
substantially in the form set out the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required 
in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or 
as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and having the Class A Conditions endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the relevant Stock Exchange, 
incorporating the Class A Conditions by reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having the 
relevant information supplementing, replacing or modifying the Class A Conditions appearing in the applicable 
Final Terms endorsed thereon or attached thereto and having a Form of Transfer endorsed thereon. 
“Class A Registered Global Note” means a Class A Regulation S Global Note. 
“Class A Registered Note” means those Class A Notes (if any) which are for the time being in registered form. 
“Class A Registrar” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Registered Notes, Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas or, if applicable, any Successor registrar appointed in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes. 
“Class A Regulation S Global Note” means a registered global Note in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction 
in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), together with the 
copy of the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all of the Class A Registered Notes of 
the same Sub-Class sold to non-U.S. persons outside the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S, issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Class A Restricted Payment Condition” means: 
(a) 
no CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default is subsisting or would result from making 
any proposed Restricted Payment; and/or 
(b) 
no Trigger Event is subsisting or would result from making any proposed Restricted Payment. 
“Class A Revised Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Talon” means the talons (if any) appertaining to, and exchangeable in accordance with the provisions 
therein contained for further Class A Coupons appertaining to, the Class A Bearer Definitive Notes, such talons 
being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form as 
may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from 
time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements for Talons. 
“Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note” means a temporary global note in the form or substantially in the 
form set out the Class A Note Trust Deed together with the copy of the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto 
with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), comprising some or all of the Class A Bearer 
Notes of the same Sub-Class, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and 
the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Class A Total Debt Service Charges” means in respect of any relevant period, the amount equal to:

--- Page 359 ---
338 
(a) 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any accrued interest (whether paid or not or capitalised) and scheduled amortisation of principal 
(whether paid or not) payable in respect of any Financial Indebtedness incurred in connection 
with any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding, in the case of any non-fully amortising 
facility, any principal amount falling due on the Final Maturity Date under that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility) and any other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities that rank pari passu 
with, or senior to, a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, including any commission, fees, discounts 
and other finance payments payable by (and deducting any such amounts payable to) any member 
of the Holdco Group under any interest rate hedging arrangements in respect of such Financial 
Indebtedness and disregarding Subordinated Liquidity Amounts and Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts (in each case owing by the Borrower or any other Obligor); and 
(ii) 
any fees, commission, costs, discounts, premiums, charges or any other finance payments payable 
to any Obligor Senior Secured Creditor under any Senior Finance Document and which rank pari 
passu with, or senior to, any interest payable under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
less: 
(b) 
any interest received on any bank accounts or in respect of Cash Equivalent Investments by any member 
of in the Holdco Group during such relevant period, 
but excluding: 
(i) 
any fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the raising of any Financial Indebtedness 
or any amortisation thereof; 
(ii) 
the amount of any discount amortised and other non-cash interest charges accrued during the 
relevant period; 
(iii) 
any break costs; 
(iv) 
the marked to market value of any Treasury Transactions; 
(v) 
any interest or equivalent finance charge accrued in respect of Financial Indebtedness between 
companies in the Holdco Group including any such interest or finance charges in respect of loans 
made by the AA Pension Trustees to any other member of the Holdco Group; and 
(vi) 
any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts accruing during the relevant period. 
“Class A Transfer Agent” means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
“Class A U.S. Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas or, if applicable, any Successor 
U.S. paying agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class A Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class A Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class A Noteholders to the Class A Note Trustee (in its capacity as the 
Secured Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the voting 
category made by the Holdco Group Agent in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the Issuer is an Affected 
Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right;

--- Page 360 ---
339 
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Class B Additional Notes” has the meaning given to that term in Class B3 Condition 19 (Further Class B3 
Notes and New Class B3 Notes). 
“Class B Agency Agreement” means the agreement dated 2 July 2013 as amended and restated on or about 13 
April 2015 and on or about 29 January 2021 and as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Class B Principal Paying Agent, the other Class B Paying 
Agents, the Class B Registrar and Class B Transfer Agents in relation to all or any Class B Notes, and any other 
agreement for the time being in force appointing further or other Class B Paying Agents or Class B Transfer 
agents or other Class B Principal Paying Agent or Class B Registrar in relation to all or any sub-class of Class 
B Notes, together with any agreement for the time being in force amending or modifying any of the aforesaid 
agreements. 
“Class B Authorised Credit Facility” means any credit agreement entered into by the Borrower and any other 
agreement under which the Borrower incurs any Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility) with one or more persons the providers of which are parties to or have acceded to the STID and 
the Master Definitions Agreement including the Initial Class B IBLA and the Class B3 IBLA and any fee letter, 
arrangement letter or commitment letter entered into in connection with the foregoing facilities or agreements 
or the transactions contemplated in the foregoing facilities, which in each case ranks pari passu with the Initial 
Class B IBLA and the Class B3 IBLA and has been designated as a document that should be deemed to be a 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility for the purposes of this definition by the parties thereto. 
“Class B Authorised Credit Provider” means a lender or other provider of credit or financial accommodation 
under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Class B Conditions” means in relation to any Class B Notes, the terms and conditions endorsed on or 
incorporated by reference into the Class B Note or Class B Notes, such terms and conditions being substantially 
in the form set out in schedule 3 (Class B Terms and Conditions) to the Class B Note Trust Deed in each case 
as modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Class B Note Trust Deed and includes, 
in respect of the Class B3 Notes, the Class B3 Conditions and any reference in the Issuer Transaction Documents 
to a particular specified Class B Condition or paragraph of a Class B Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
See “Description of Other Indebtedness”. 
“Class B Definitive Note” means a Class B Regulation S Definitive Note and/or a Class B Rule 144A Definitive 
Note, as the context requires. 
“Class B Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a Class B Voting Matter (a) a resolution approved 
by the holders of not less than 90% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes or (b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90% of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Global Note” means a Class B Regulation S Global Note or a Class B Rule 144A Global Note. 
“Class B IBLA” means the Initial Class B IBLA and any additional loan agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Borrower after the Closing Date which ranks pari passu with the Initial Class B IBLA. 
“Class B Note Acceleration Notice” means a notice from the Class B Note Trustee to the Issuer issued in 
accordance with the Class B Conditions, declaring all of the Class B Notes immediately due and repayable at 
any time after the occurrence of a Class B Note Event of Default.

--- Page 361 ---
340 
“Class B Note Event of Default” means under the Class B Note Trust Deed, the occurrence of any of the 
following events or circumstances specified below: 
(a) 
default being made in the payment of principal or other amounts (other than those set out in paragraph 
(b) below) on any Class B Notes, when due; 
(b) 
default being made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of interest or additional amounts (if 
any), on the Class B Notes, when due; 
(c) 
the Issuer failing to duly perform or observe any other obligation, condition, provision, representation 
or warranty binding on it under the Class B Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of 
Charge or any of the other Issuer Class B Transaction Documents and such failure being in the opinion 
of the Class B Note Trustee (or, in the case of the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer Security Trustee), 
capable of remedy, but which remains unremedied for a period of 21 days following the giving of notice 
by the Class B Note Trustee (or the Issuer Security Trustee, as applicable) to the Issuer requiring the 
same to be remedied and, in either case, provided that the Class B Note Trustee shall have determined 
that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class B Noteholders; 
(d) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event; 
(e) 
the delivery of the Class A Note Acceleration Notice in accordance with Class A Condition 11(b) of the 
Class A Conditions (see “Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes”); or 
(f) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with its obligations under or in respect 
of these Class B Conditions or any Issuer Class B Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
“Class B Note Trust Deed” means the note trust deed entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer and the 
Class B Note Trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed and the Second 
Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Class B Note Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any other or additional trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Class B Note Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Noteholder” means the holder of any Class B Note. 
“Class B Notes” means the Class B3 Notes and any Class B Additional Notes. 
“Class B Offering Circular” means the Class B3 Offering Circular and any other offering circular published 
by the Issuer in connection with the issue of Class B Notes (as the context requires). 
“Class B Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
“Class B Principal Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
“Class B Register” means a register in respect of each class of Class B Notes of the holders of the Class B 
Notes which shall show (i) the nominal amounts of Class B Notes represented by each Class B Global Note, 
(ii) the nominal amounts and the serial numbers of the Class B Definitive Notes, (iii) the dates of issue of all 
Class B Notes, (iv) all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership of Class B Notes, (v) the names and 
addresses of the holders of the Class B Notes, (vi) all cancellations of Class B Notes, whether because of their 
purchase and surrender for cancellation by the Issuer or an Obligor, replacement or otherwise and (vii) all 
replacements of Class B Notes (subject, where appropriate, in the case of (vi), to the Class B Registrar having 
been notified as provided in the Class B Agency Agreement).

--- Page 362 ---
341 
“Class B Regulation S Definitive Note” means a definitive note in the form or substantially in the form set out 
in the Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold to non-U.S. persons outside 
the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S. 
“Class B Regulation S Global Note” means a registered global note in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in the Class B Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction 
in which Class B Notes may be issued or sold from time to time comprising some or all of the Class B Notes 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S. 
“Class B Rule 144A Definitive Note” means a definitive note in the form or substantially in the form set out 
in the Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold in the United States in reliance 
on Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
“Class B Rule 144A Global Note” means a global note in the form or substantially in the form set out in the 
Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold in the United States in reliance on 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
“Class B Transfer Agents” means Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. and any other person appointed under the 
Class B Agency Agreement. 
“Class B Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class B Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class B Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class B Noteholders to the Class B Note Trustee (in its capacity as the 
Secured Creditor Representative of the Class B Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the voting 
category made by the Holdco Group Agent in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the Issuer is an Affected 
Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class B 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Closing Date” means, in relation to any sub-Class of Class B Notes, the date on which the Issuer 
makes a Class B IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding Class B IBLA; 
“Class B3 Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Class B3 Notes set out in part B of schedule 3 
(Class B3 Conditions) of the Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Class B3 IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 29 January 
2021 entitled “Class B3 Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class B3 Notes” means the £280,000,000 6.500% Class B3 Secured Notes due 2050 issued by the Issuer on 
29 January 2021. 
“Class B3 Offering Circular” means the offering circular dated 20 January 2021 and published by the Issuer 
in connection with the issue of the Class B3 Notes. 
“Cleared” means, in respect of a transaction, that such transaction has been submitted (including where details 
of such transaction are submitted) to a CCP for clearing in a relevant CCP Service and that such CCP has 
become a party to a resulting or corresponding transaction, as applicable, pursuant to such CCP’s Rule Set.

--- Page 363 ---
342 
“Clearing Systems” means the rules, regulations and procedures for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
“Closing Date” means the date on which (a) all conditions precedent under schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) 
of the Common Terms Agreement are satisfied or waived; (b) all conditions precedent to the establishment of 
the Programme as set forth in the Dealership Agreement have been satisfied; (c) the first series of Class A Notes 
and the Original Class B Notes are issued by the Issuer and (d) the partial refinancing of the Existing 
Indebtedness occurs in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“COBS” means the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook. 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated and rulings 
issued thereunder, as amended. 
“COMI” means centre of main interest. 
“Commodity Hedge Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
which has acceded as an Obligor Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement. 
“Commodity Hedging Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction, referencing inter alia, the price of 
commodities governed by an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement and entered into by an Obligor and a 
Commodity Hedge Counterparty. 
“Common Depositary” means the agent appointed by the International Central Securities Depositaries to act 
as the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in respect of the Class A Notes. 
“Common Documents” means the Obligor Security Documents, the CTA, the MDA, the STID and the Tax 
Deed of Covenant. 
“Common Safekeeper” means an ICSD in its capacity as common safekeeper or a person nominated by the 
ICSDs to perform the role of common safekeeper. 
“Common Terms Agreement” or “CTA” means the common terms agreement dated 2 July 2013 entered into 
between, among others, the Obligors, the Cash Manager, the Issuer and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Community” means the trade union, Community, formerly the Independent Democratic Union. 
“Companies Act” means the UK Companies Act 2006. 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—Information 
Covenants—Compliance Certificate”. 
“CONC” means the Consumer Credit Sourcebook. 
“ConsortiumCo” means Basing Consortiumco Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws 
of Jersey with registered number 132816. 
“Contribution Notice” means a contribution notice issued by the Pension Regulator under section 43 of the 
Pensions Act 2004. 
“CRA” means the Consumer Rights Act 2015. 
“CTA Default” means: 
(a) 
a CTA Event of Default; or

--- Page 364 ---
343 
(b) 
a Potential CTA Event of Default. 
“CVC” means CVC Capital Partners. 
“Dealers” means each of the Initial Dealers and any New Dealer (as defined in the Dealership Agreement) 
appointed in accordance with the Dealership Agreement but excludes any entity whose appointment has been 
terminated pursuant to the Dealership Agreement and references in the Dealership Agreement to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in relation to any Class A Note, be references to the Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer has 
agreed the initial issue and purchase of such Class A Note. 
“Dealership Agreement” means the agreement dated 24 June 2013 and supplemented on 1 July 2021 between 
the Issuer, Holdco, the Borrower and the Dealers named therein (or deemed named therein) concerning the 
purchase of Class A Notes to be issued pursuant to the Programme together with any agreement for the time 
being in force amending, replacing, novating or modifying such agreement and any accession letters and/or 
agreements supplemental thereto. 
“Debt Purchase Transaction” means any transaction where a person: 
(a) 
purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) 
enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) 
enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a sub-
participation in respect of, 
any commitment or amount outstanding under an Authorised Credit Facility, any Class A Notes, Class B Notes, 
PP Notes or any equivalent transaction having a similar economic effect. 
“Debt Service Reserve Account” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Borrower, the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account. 
“Decision Period” means the period of time within which the approval of the Obligor Security Trustee is sought 
as specified in relation to each type of voting matter in the STID. 
“Defeased Cash Note Purchase” means the purchase by the Borrower of Class A Notes pursuant to a public 
tender offer, in accordance with the CTA. 
“Definitive Note” means a Class A Definitive Note and/or, as the context may require, a Class B Definitive 
Note. 
“Deposited Class A Notes” means certain specified Class A Bearer Notes which have been deposited with a 
Class A Paying Agent (or its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked account with a clearing system, for 
the purposes of the issuance of a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Determination Date” means the date which is 2 Business Days prior to each LF Interest Payment Date. 
“Direction Notice” means, in respect of any matter which is not the subject of a STID Proposal, Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice and except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, a notice from the Obligor 
Security Trustee requesting an instruction from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors as to whether the 
Obligor Security Trustee should agree to a consent, waiver or modification or exercise a right or discretion 
pursuant to the Finance Documents and the manner in which it should do so.

--- Page 365 ---
344 
“Discretion Matter” means a matter in which the Obligor Security Trustee may exercise its discretion to 
approve any request made in a STID Proposal without any requirement to seek the approval of any Obligor 
Secured Creditor, Issuer Secured Creditor or any of their Secured Creditor Representatives. 
“Disposal” means a sale, lease, licence, transfer, loan or other disposal by a person of any asset, undertaking or 
business (whether by voluntary or involuntary single transaction or series of transactions). 
“Disposal Proceeds” means the consideration receivable by any member of the Holdco Group (including any 
amount receivable in repayment of intercompany debt) for any Disposal made by any member of the Holdco 
Group after deducting: 
(a) 
any reasonable expenses which are incurred by a member of the Holdco Group with respect to that 
Disposal to persons who are not members of the Holdco Group; and 
(b) 
any Tax incurred and required to be paid by the seller in connection with that Disposal (as reasonably 
determined by the seller, on the basis of existing rates and taking account of any available credit, 
deduction or allowance). 
“Disruption Event” means either or both of: 
(a) 
a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets which 
are, in each case, required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with the Authorised 
Credit Facilities (or otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to 
be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of the Parties; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) 
to the treasury or payments operations of a Party preventing that, or any other Party: 
(i) 
from performing its payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or 
(ii) 
from communicating with other Parties in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, 
(and which (in either such case)) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the Party whose operations are 
disrupted. 
“Distressed Disposal” means a disposal of an asset of a member of the Holdco Group which is: 
(a) 
approved or consented to by way of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID in 
circumstances where the Obligor Security has become enforceable; or 
(b) 
effected by enforcement of the Obligor Security. 
“Distribution Date” means each day on which Available Enforcement Proceeds are available to be applied by 
or on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee (or any Receiver) in or towards satisfaction of the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Early Termination Date” has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Hedging Agreement or the relevant 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable). 
“EAT” means the Employment Appeals Tribunal. 
“EBITDA” means, for any relevant period, the consolidated operating profits of the Holdco Group arising from 
ordinary activities for that period before taxation: 
(a) 
before deducting Total Debt Service Charges and any interest or equivalent finance charge in respect of 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness not comprised within Total Debt Service Charges for which any 
member of the Holdco Group is liable and including any interest or equivalent finance charge paid by

--- Page 366 ---
345 
any member of the Holdco Group to the AA Pension Schemes or implied interest on balance sheet 
provisions in the Holdco consolidated financial statements; 
(b) 
before taking into account any accrued interest owing to any member of the Holdco Group; 
(c) 
before taking into account any items (positive or negative) of a one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary, 
unusual or exceptional nature (including the restructuring of the activities of an entity and reversals of 
any provisions for the cost of restructuring, disposals, revaluations or impairment of non-current assets, 
disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations and the costs associated with any aborted 
Permitted Acquisitions or aborted equity or debt securities offering); 
(d) 
before deducting any amount attributable to the amortisation of goodwill or intangible assets or 
acquisition costs or the depreciation of tangible assets; 
(e) 
before adding or deducting any amount attributable to any movement in the fair value of financial 
instruments held by any member of the Holdco Group (except to the extent provided for in paragraph (n) 
below); 
(f) 
before deducting amounts payable under a deficit reduction programme as agreed from time to time with 
the AA Pension Trustees; 
(g) 
after taking into account the employer cash contribution to current service costs of the AA Pension 
Schemes only; 
(h) 
before taking into account the agreed transaction costs associated with the financing contemplated by 
the Transaction Documents; 
(i) 
before taking into account any gain arising from any Debt Purchase Transaction entered into by any 
member of the Holdco Group; 
(j) 
after deducting (to the extent otherwise included) any gain over book value arising in favour of a member 
of the Holdco Group in the disposal of any asset (not being any disposal made in the ordinary course of 
trading) during such period and any gain arising on any revaluation of any asset during such period; 
(k) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any loss against book value incurred by a member 
of the Holdco Group on the disposal or write down of any asset (not being any disposals made in the 
ordinary course of trading) during such period and any loss arising on any revaluation of any asset during 
such period; 
(l) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) the amount of any dividends or other profit 
distributions (net of withholding tax) received in cash by any member of the Holdco Group during such 
period from Joint Ventures in which a member of Holdco Group has an interest; 
(m) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) the realised gains or deducting (to the extent not 
otherwise deducted) the realised losses arising at maturity or on termination of forward foreign exchange 
and currency hedging contracts entered into with respect to the operational cash flows of the Holdco 
Group (but taking no account of any unrealised gains or loss on any hedging or other derivative 
instrument whatsoever and excluding any IAS 39 timing differences relating to changes in the unrealised 
par value of derivatives); 
(n) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any fees, costs or charges of a non-recurring nature 
related to any compensation payments to departing management, investments (including any Joint 
Venture Investment) or Permitted Financial Indebtedness (whether or not successful);

--- Page 367 ---
346 
(o) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any costs or provisions relating to any share option 
or management incentive schemes of the Holdco Group; 
(p) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) any insurance proceeds received in cash by any 
member of the Holdco Group in respect of business interruption loss (to be applied to cover operating 
losses in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made) or third-party liability (to the extent 
such amounts are not subsequently paid to a third-party); 
(q) 
after deducting any profit and adding back any loss attributable solely to exchange rate movements on 
translation of balance sheet assets and liabilities in the Holdco consolidated financial statements; and 
(r) 
for the avoidance of doubt, before deducting the amount of any Capital Expenditure (to the extent 
deducted in calculating consolidated operating profits), 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the purposes of 
determining operating profits of the Holdco Group from its ordinary activities. 
“ECJ” means the European Court of Justice. 
“EMIR” means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC 
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012. 
“Employer” means TAAL. 
“Enforcement Action” means: 
(a) 
demanding payment of any Obligor Secured Liabilities; 
(b) 
accelerating any of the Obligor Secured Liabilities or otherwise declaring any Obligor Secured 
Liabilities prematurely due and payable or payable on demand or the premature termination or close-out 
of any Obligor Secured Liabilities under a Borrower Hedging Agreement (other than such a close out on 
a voluntary basis which would not result in a breach of the CTA or the STID); 
(c) 
enforcing any Obligor Secured Liabilities by attachment, set-off, execution, diligence, arrestment or 
otherwise; 
(d) 
crystallising, or requiring the Obligor Security Trustee to crystallise, any floating charge in the Obligor 
Security Documents; 
(e) 
enforcing, or requiring the Obligor Security Trustee to enforce, any Obligor Security; 
(f) 
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to: 
(i) 
any insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, winding up, judicial composition, 
dissolution proceedings or any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any 
jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
any voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 
(iii) 
any similar proceedings involving any Obligor whether by petition, convening a meeting, voting 
for a resolution or otherwise; 
(g) 
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to any administration, receivership or 
administrative receivership or any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any jurisdiction; 
(h) 
bringing or joining any legal proceedings against any Obligor (or any of its Subsidiaries) to recover any 
Obligor Secured Liabilities;

--- Page 368 ---
347 
(i) 
exercising any right to require any insurance proceeds to be applied in reinstatement of any asset subject 
to any Obligor Security; or 
(j) 
otherwise exercising any other remedy for the recovery of any Obligor Secured Liabilities or the 
preservation of any Obligor Secured Property. 
“ENBP” means equivalent new business price. 
“Enterprise Act” means the UK Enterprise Act 2002. 
“Entrenched Rights” are matters which: 
(a) 
would delay the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the relevant Obligor Secured 
Creditor’s debt or would reduce the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of such 
debt; 
(b) 
would bring forward the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of an Obligor Secured 
Creditor’s debt or would increase the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable on any date in 
respect of the Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt; 
(c) 
would have the effect of adversely changing the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or application thereof in respect of an Obligor Secured 
Creditor (including, in the case of the Issuer, any Issuer Secured Creditor that would be adversely 
affected by such change); 
(d) 
would have the effect of adversely changing the application of any proceeds of enforcement of the 
Obligor Security Documents; 
(e) 
would result in the exchange of the relevant Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt for, or the conversion of 
such debt into, shares, notes or other obligations of any other person; 
(f) 
would change or would relate to the currency of payment due under the relevant Obligor Secured 
Creditors debt (other than due to the UK adopting the euro); 
(g) 
would change or have the effect of changing in any material respect any of the requirements described 
in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management” 
which would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on an Obligor Secured Creditor; 
(h) 
would change or would relate to any existing obligation of an Obligor to gross up any payment in respect 
of the relevant Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt in the event of the imposition of withholding taxes 
(including, in the case of the Issuer, any Issuer Secured Creditor that would be adversely affected by 
such change); 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing (i) any of the following definitions: Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors, Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities, Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Creditors, Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities, Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors, STID 
Proposal, Discretion Matter, Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter, Voted Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities, Reserved Matter or Entrenched Right; (ii) the Decision Period, Quorum 
Requirement or voting majority required in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting 
Matter, Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, Enforcement Instruction Notice or 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; (iii) any of the matters that give rise to Entrenched Rights under 
the STID or (iv) the scope of Entrenched Rights under the STID; 
(j) 
would change or have the effect of changing the relationship between Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities and Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities under the STID (as described in the section

--- Page 369 ---
348 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities”; 
(k) 
would change or have the effect of changing the Reserved Matters under the STID; 
(l) 
in respect of each Obligor Secured Creditor that is a Topco Secured Creditor, would change or would 
have the effect of changing (i) the definitions of Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement 
Instruction or (ii) the quorum requirement or voting majority required in respect of any Topco Demand 
Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction; 
(m) 
in respect of each Hedge Counterparty: 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing any of the following definitions: Borrower 
Hedge Replacement Premium, Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium, Hedging Agreement or 
Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right; 
(ii) 
would change or would have the effect of changing the limits specified in the paragraphs “OCB 
Secured Capped Hedging Transactions”, “Currency Risk Principles” and “Interest Rate Risk 
Principles” described in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Cash Management—Hedging Policy”; 
(iii) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definition of Permitted Hedge Termination or 
any of the Hedge Counterparties’ rights to terminate the Hedging Agreements as set out in the 
Hedging Agreements but only to the extent that the Hedge Counterparties’ rights to terminate 
would be further restricted by such change; 
(iv) 
would change or have the effect of changing the CTA Events of Default; 
(v) 
would change or have the effect of changing a Hedge Counterparty’s voting entitlement as 
described in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities—Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities for which the 
Issuer is a Creditor” and “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities—Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities for which the 
Issuer is a Creditor—Voting in Respect of Borrower Hedging Transactions by Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties”; 
(vi) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definitions of Loan Acceleration Notice or Loan 
Enforcement Notice or would change or have the effect of changing the consequences of the 
delivery of Loan Acceleration Notice or the priority of payments following the delivery of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice; 
(vii) 
would change or have the effect of changing the purpose of the Liquidity Facility so as to result 
in it no longer being available to service payments due under the Hedging Agreements; and 
(viii) would change or have the effect of changing covenants in the CTA relating to disposals; and 
(n) 
in respect of the AA Pension Trustees (in addition to those rights specified in paragraphs (a) to (f), (i) 
and (k) above), (i) may impose new, increased or additional obligations on or reduce the rights of the 
AA Pension Trustees, (ii) would result in the AA Pension Trustees being entitled to be paid an aggregate 
amount under the STID less than the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities or the AA Ireland Secured 
Pension Liabilities, as applicable, (iii) would change or have the effect of changing the AA UK Pension 
Agreement (in respect of the AA UK Pension Trustee) or the AA Ireland Pension Agreement (in respect

--- Page 370 ---
349 
of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee), (iv) would have the effect of granting security to any person that 
would rank in priority to the security it granted to the AA Pension Trustees other than in respect of those 
classes of Obligor Secured Creditors ranking in priority to the AA Pension Trustees as at the Closing 
Date, and/or (v) would amend or result in an amendment of this paragraph (n) or would change or would 
have the effect of changing the definitions of AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities or AA Ireland Secured 
Pension Liabilities. 
“Environment” means humans, animals, plants and all other living organisms including the ecological systems 
of which they form part and the following media: 
(a) 
air (including air within natural or man-made structures, whether above or below ground); 
(b) 
water (including territorial, coastal and inland waters, water under or within land and water in drains and 
sewers); and 
(c) 
land (including land under water). 
“Environmental Claim” means any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation by any person in respect 
of any Environmental Law. 
“Environmental Law” means any applicable law or regulation which relates to: 
(a) 
the pollution or protection of the Environment; 
(b) 
the conditions of the workplace; or 
(c) 
the generation, handling, storage, use, release, emission or spillage of any substance which, alone or in 
combination with any other, is capable of causing harm to the Environment, including any waste. 
“Environmental Permits” means any permit or other Authorisation required under any Environmental Law 
for the operation of the business of any member of the Holdco Group conducted on or from the properties 
owned or used by any member of the Holdco Group. 
“Equivalent Amount” means in respect of any amount which is not denominated in the Base Currency, such 
amount expressed in the Base Currency as calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate. 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Obligor, 
is treated as a single employer under section 414 of the Code. 
“Escrow Account” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, a segregated escrow account that the gross 
proceeds of the issue of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be deposited into in accordance with the 
terms of an Escrow Agreement. 
“Escrow Agent” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the relevant escrow agent appointed by the 
Issuer pursuant to an Escrow Agreement. 
“Escrow Agreement” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the escrow agreement dated as of the 
relevant Issue Date among the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, and the Escrow Agent. 
“Escrow Security Deed of Charge” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the escrow deed of charge 
dated as of the relevant Issue Date among the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Escrow Longstop Date” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 371 ---
350 
“Escrow Property” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the initial and all other funds credited to 
any Escrow Account (less funds paid in accordance with the relevant Escrow Agreement). 
“Escrow Release Conditions” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the conditions precedent that 
need to be satisfied in order for the Escrow Property to be released from the Escrow Account. 
“Escrow Security” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the Security Interests constituted by the 
Escrow Security Deed of Charge. 
“euro”, “EUR” or “€” means the lawful currency of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euronext Dublin” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin or any other body to which 
its functions have been transferred. 
“European Union” or “EU” means the economic and political union established in 1993 by the Maastricht 
Treaty, with the aim of achieving closer economic and political union between member states that are primarily 
located in Europe. 
“EU CRA Regulation” means EU Regulation 1060/2009, as amended. 
“EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement” means the free trade agreement signed on 30 December 2020, 
between the European Union, the European Atomic Energy Community, and the United Kingdom. 
“EUWA” European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. 
“Excess Cashflow” means, in respect of any relevant period, FCF for that relevant period after: 
(a) 
adding the amount of any cash receipts (and deducting the amount of any cash payments) during that 
relevant period in respect of any items treated as one off, non-recurring, extraordinary, unusual or 
exceptional items not already taken account of in calculating FCF for any relevant period but without 
deducting the agreed transaction costs associated with the financing contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents; 
(b) 
deducting the amount of any Capital Expenditure actually made in cash during that relevant period by 
any member of the Holdco Group (to the extent such amount exceeds the Minimum Capital Maintenance 
Spend Amount required to be spent or reserved in relation to that period) except to the extent funded 
from any Disposal Proceeds, the proceeds of any insurance claims permitted to be retained for this 
purpose, Retained Excess Cashflow, New Shareholder Injections, Investor Funding Loans, Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness or Joint Venture Receipts; 
(c) 
deducting the aggregate of any cash consideration paid for, or the cash cost of, any Permitted 
Acquisitions and any Permitted Joint Venture Investment except (in each case) to the extent funded from 
any Disposal Proceeds, the proceeds of any insurance claims permitted to be retained for this purpose, 
Retained Excess Cashflow, New Shareholder Injections, Investor Funding Loans, Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness or Joint Venture Receipts; 
(d) 
deducting the amount of any cash costs payable under a deficit reduction programme as agreed from 
time to time with the AA Pension Trustees during that relevant period and payments under the medical 
benefits scheme during that relevant period, in each case to the extent not taken into account in 
establishing EBITDA;

--- Page 372 ---
351 
(e) 
deducting the aggregate of Total Debt Service Charges for the relevant period, any voluntary and 
mandatory prepayments in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness and any other payments in 
respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness including under any finance leases, any amount applied to 
fund any Debt Purchase Transaction (or to acquire any person referred to in the CTA) (see “Summary of 
the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Purchase of 
Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities”) and any termination payments made 
under any Hedging Agreements during the relevant period, in each case other than: 
(i) 
any mandatory prepayment from Excess Cashflow made in the relevant period in respect of 
Excess Cashflow for the previous relevant period; 
(ii) 
any amounts under any overdraft or revolving facility which are available for simultaneous 
redrawing according to the terms of that facility; and 
(iii) 
any such payment to the extent funded from any Disposal Proceeds or the proceeds of any 
insurance claims permitted to be retained for this purpose, Retained Excess Cashflow, New 
Shareholder Injection, Investor Funding Loan or Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Joint 
Venture Receipts, 
(f) 
and adding the proceeds received by any member of the Holdco Group in respect of any Debt Purchase 
Transaction (undertaken by a member of the Holdco Group as seller, grantor or equivalent); 
(g) 
deducting the amount of any dividends paid in cash during the relevant period to minority shareholders 
in members of the Holdco Group; 
(h) 
deducting the amount required to be retained by the Holdco Group to meet reasonably anticipated net 
operating expenses for the next relevant period (which amount shall not exceed £10,000,000 in respect 
of any relevant period of 12 months and £5,000,000 in respect of any relevant period of 6 months) but 
adding back the amount retained by the Holdco Group at the end of the last relevant period to meet 
reasonably anticipated net operating expenses for the relevant period; 
(i) 
deducting any payment made during the relevant period pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Permitted Payment”; 
(j) 
deducting tax accrued in the financial statements of such relevant period but not paid and adding the 
amount of any tax paid in cash in the relevant period that was deducted pursuant to this paragraph in the 
calculation of Excess Cashflow for the previous relevant period; 
(k) 
deducting (to the extent included in EBITDA for the relevant period) the proceeds of any business 
interruption or third-party liability insurances; 
(l) 
deducting amounts excluded from EBITDA under paragraphs (n) and (o) of the definition of “EBITDA”; 
(m) 
deducting, to the extent not treated as Total Debt Service Charges, any Facility Fee paid during such 
relevant period, 
and so that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once. 
“Exchange Rate” means the strike rate specified in any related Hedging Agreement or, failing that, the spot 
rate for the conversion of the Non-Base Currency into the Base Currency as quoted by the Borrower Account 
Bank as at 11.00 a.m.: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the STID, on the date that the STID Voting Request, Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice (as the case may be) is dated; and

--- Page 373 ---
352 
(b) 
in any other case, on the date as of which calculation of the Equivalent Amount of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount is required, 
and, in each case, as notified by the Borrower Account Bank to each Note Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
“Excluded Group Entity” means any direct or indirect shareholder of a member of the Holdco Group and any 
Affiliate of any such person which in each case is not a member of the Holdco Group. 
“Excluded Insurance Proceeds” means any proceeds of an insurance claim which the Holdco Group Agent 
notifies the Obligor Security Trustee are, or are to be applied: 
(a) 
to meet a third-party claim; 
(b) 
to cover operating losses in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made; or 
(c) 
in the replacement, reinstatement and/or repair of the assets or otherwise in amelioration of the loss in 
respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made, 
in each case as soon as possible (but in any event within 6 months of receipt, or such longer period as the 
Obligor Security Trustee may agree) after receipt. 
“Excluded Tax” means, in relation to any person, any: 
(a) 
Tax imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income, profits or gains of that person, in each case 
excluding any deemed income, profits or gains of that person other than to the extent such deemed 
income, profits or gains are matched by any actual income, profits or gains of an Affiliate of that person; 
(b) 
Tax that arises from the fraud, gross negligence or wilful default of the relevant person; or 
(c) 
stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax arising under sections 67, 70, 93 or 96 of the Finance Act 1986 but 
only to the extent the Tax in question exceeds the Tax that would have arisen but for the existence and 
effect of those sections (provided that this paragraph (c) shall not apply in relation to the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the Note Trustee), 
in each case including any related costs, fines, penalties or interest (if any). 
“Existing Facilities” means: 
(a) 
the facilities under the senior facilities agreement dated 17 September 2007 (as amended and/or restated 
from time to time) made between, amongst others, Spring & Alpha Mid Co Limited (since renamed as 
Acromas Mid Co Limited) as the parent and Barclays Bank PLC as facility agent and security trustee; 
and 
(b) 
the facilities under the mezzanine facilities agreement dated 17 September 2007 (as amended and/or 
restated from time to time) made between amongst others, Spring & Alpha Mid Co Limited (since 
renamed as Acromas Mid Co Limited) as the parent and Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd as facility agent 
and Barclays Bank PLC as security trustee. 
“Existing Indebtedness” means any amounts owed under or in respect of the Existing Facilities. 
“Existing Joint Venture” means: 
(a) 
A.C.T.A. Assistance SA; 
(b) 
A.C.T.A. Assurance SA; 
(c) 
A.C.T.A. SA; and

--- Page 374 ---
353 
(d) 
ARC Europe SA. 
In the year ended 31 January 2017, the Holdco Group’s interests in A.C.T.A. Assistance SA were sold to ARC 
Europe SA. 
“Expected Maturity Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the date specified as such in the Final Terms relating to 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Class B Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Class B Condition. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a Class A Extraordinary Resolution or Class B Extraordinary Resolution, 
as applicable. 
“Extraordinary STID Resolution” means a resolution in respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter. 
“Extraordinary Voting Matters” are matters which: 
(a) 
would change any CTA Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non-payment, the 
making of Restricted Payments or financial ratios; 
(b) 
would relate to the waiver of any CTA Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non- 
payment, the making of Restricted Payments or financial ratios; 
(c) 
would change in any adverse respect for the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors the restrictions and 
the permissions described in “Merger”, “Change of Business”, “Acquisitions”, “Joint Ventures”, 
“Negative Pledge”, “Disposals”, “Loans or Credit”, “No Guarantees or Indemnities”, “Restricted 
Payments”, “Financial Indebtedness” and “Amendments to Senior Finance Documents and Umbrella 
Services Agreement—General Covenants” in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement” and the related definitions applicable thereto (or consent to action which 
pursuant to the relevant definition, is permitted to be undertaken with the consent of the Obligor Security 
Trustee); 
(d) 
would materially change or have the effect of materially changing the definition of Permitted Business; 
(e) 
would change or have the effect of changing the provisions relating to or relate to the waiver of the 
Additional Financial Indebtedness conditions set out in the definition thereof contained herein; 
(f) 
would result in the Aggregate Available Liquidity being less than the Liquidity Required Amount and, 
to the extent that the passing of an Extraordinary STID Resolution on the matters referred to in this sub-
paragraph (f) necessitates an amendment to any Trigger Event, the amendment to that Trigger Event 
shall be an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(g) 
would bring forward the scheduled maturity date of any Financial Indebtedness following the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event which is continuing; 
(h) 
would release any of the Obligor Security (unless equivalent replacement security is taken at the same 
time) unless such release is permitted in accordance with the terms of the Common Documents; 
(i) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definition of Qualifying Public Offering and/or the 
conditions contained therein, or would relate to the waiver of any of the foregoing; 
(j) 
would relate to (i) a change to the terms sheet relating to the ABF set out in the AA UK Pension 
Agreement or (ii) the implementation of any change with respect to the ABF which is adverse to the

--- Page 375 ---
354 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors or (iii) once entered into, any change to or waiver of any provision 
in the ABF Transaction Documents which is adverse to the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors; and 
(k) 
would change or waive or have the effect of changing or waiving the Obligor Coverage Test contained 
in the CTA or the nature and scope of the guarantee and indemnity granted by the Obligors under the 
STID. 
“Facility Agent” means, as the context requires, any or all of the STF Agent, the WCF Agent, the Liquidity 
Facility Agent, or their successors, and any agent, trustee or other representative appointed in respect of any 
other Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Facility Fees” means the facility fees payable by the Borrower under the Class A IBLA and under the Class B 
IBLA, respectively, provided that if any Class A Notes are outstanding, all such fees shall be payable under the 
Class A IBLA, and such facility fees shall comprise of: 
(a) 
the First Facility Fee; 
(b) 
the Second Facility Fee; 
(c) 
the Third Facility Fee; 
(d) 
the Fourth Facility Fee; 
(e) 
the Fifth Facility Fee; 
(f) 
the Sixth Facility Fee; and 
(g) 
the Seventh Facility Fee, 
or any of them, as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Fairness Opinion” means, in respect of a proposed disposal of any Obligor Secured Property, an opinion of a 
Financial Adviser that the proposed consideration for the disposal to which such opinion relates is fair from a 
financial point of view taking into account all relevant circumstances including the method and timing of 
enforcement. 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
“FCA” means the Financial Conduct Authority or any successor from time to time. 
“FCF” means, in relation to any period, the amount equal to the difference between: 
(a) 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
EBITDA for such period; and 
(ii) 
the amount of any royalty payments and any other income from a Joint Venture not included in 
EBITDA received in cash by any member of the Holdco Group during such period from Joint 
Ventures in which a member of the Holdco Group has an interest; and 
(b) 
(unless already taken into account in calculating EBITDA) the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any cash tax actually paid (including any purchase of tax losses) or irrecoverable VAT suffered 
by the Holdco Group during such period less the amount of any rebate, refund or credit in respect 
of any tax on profits, gains or income actually received in cash by any member of the Holdco 
Group during such period;

--- Page 376 ---
355 
(ii) 
any increase in Working Capital for the relevant period (provided that, in the event that there has 
been a decrease in Working Capital, such decreased amount shall be deducted from the aggregate 
amount calculated under this paragraph (b)); 
(iii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount required to be spent or 
reserved in relation to that period; and 
(iv) 
any increase in Restricted Cash (provided that any decrease in such cash shall be deducted from 
the aggregate amount calculated under this paragraph (b)) in that period; 
(v) 
to the extent not included in EBITDA, any real estate related lease payments made by members 
of the Holdco Group in respect of real estate not occupied by members of the Holdco Group in 
that period; and 
(vi) 
the difference between (A) the amount of any increase in provisions, other non-cash debits and 
other non-cash charges (which are not current assets or current liabilities) and (B) the amount of 
any non-cash credits (which are not current assets or current liabilities) in each case to the extent 
taken into account in establishing EBITDA for such period, 
and so that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once. 
“Fifth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 5(b) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, there shall be no Fifth Facility Fee payable, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Final Maturity Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Note, the final date on which that Note is expressed to be redeemable; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Authorised Credit Facility, the date on which all financial accommodation made 
available under that Authorised Credit Facility is expressed to be repayable or terminated in full (without 
any further obligation of the relevant Authorised Credit Provider to continue to make available such 
financial accommodation). 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes as a supplement to 
the Class A Conditions and giving details of the Sub-Class. 
“Finance Documents” means the Senior Finance Documents and the Junior Finance Documents. 
“Finance Party” means any person providing credit pursuant to an Authorised Credit Facility including all 
arrangers, agents, representatives and trustees appointed in connection with any such Authorised Credit 
Facilities. 
“Financial Adviser” means a reputable internationally or nationally recognised investment bank, international 
accounting firm or any other reputable internationally or nationally recognised third-party professional firm 
(including any other reputable independent expert of international or national standing, which is engaged in 
providing valuations of businesses or assets of the type owned and operated by the Holdco Group) and 
appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the STID. 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions;

--- Page 377 ---
356 
(b) 
any acceptance under any acceptance credit or bill discounting facility (or dematerialised equivalent); 
(c) 
any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of finance leases; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse 
basis); 
(f) 
any Treasury Transaction (and, when calculating the value of that Treasury Transaction, only the marked 
to market loss to the Holdco Group (or, if any actual amount is due from the Holdco Group as a result 
of the termination or close-out of that Treasury Transaction, that amount) shall be taken into account); 
(g) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of any guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary 
letter of credit or other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
(h) 
any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of 
the Issuer) before the Final Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under the Accounting 
Principles; 
(i) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement if (i) one of the primary 
reasons behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance the acquisition or construction 
of the asset or service in question or (ii) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services 
and payment is due more than 180 days after the date of supply; 
(j) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase, sale and sale 
back or sale and leaseback agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise 
classified as borrowings under the Accounting Principles; and 
(k) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) 
to (j) above, 
but in each case without double counting. 
“Financial Statements” means, at any time, the financial statements of an Obligor and, in the case of Holdco, 
additionally consolidated financial statements of itself and its Subsidiaries, most recently delivered to the 
Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Financial Support Direction” means a financial support direction issued by the Pensions Regulator under 
section 43 of the Pensions Act 2004. 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Holdco Group ending on an Accounting Reference 
Date. 
“First Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph 1 of the 
Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph (a) of the 
Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed” means the supplemental note trust deed dated 13 April 2015 
and made between the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee.

--- Page 378 ---
357 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Fixed Rate Class A Note or the Class B Notes. 
“Form of Transfer” means the form of transfer endorsed on a Registered Definitive Note in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Fourth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph 4 of the 
Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph (c) of the 
Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
“GAR” means Gibraltar Authorisation Regime. 
“GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which all 
payments are denominated in GBP. 
“GDPR” means European General Data Protection Regulation. 
“GENPRU” means the General Prudential Sourcebook of the PRA Handbook and the FCA Handbook. 
“Global Note” means a Class A Global Note or a Class B Global Note. 
“Governmental Authority” means any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or 
administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
“Group Relief” means the surrender of losses or other amounts eligible for surrender under Part 5 of the 
Corporation Taxes Act 2010. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means each Borrower Hedge Counterparty and each Issuer Hedge Counterparty and 
“Hedge Counterparty” means any such party. 
“Hedging Agreement” means each Borrower Hedging Agreement and each Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
“Hedging Transaction” means a Borrower Hedging Transaction or an Issuer Hedging Transaction or, where 
the context requires, each of the above. 
“HMRC” or “HM Revenue & Customs” means Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs. 
“Holdco” means AA Intermediate Co Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with limited 
liability (registered number 5148845). 
“Holdco Group” means Holdco and each Subsidiary of Holdco (other than the Issuer). 
“Holdco Group Agent” means AADL or such other person as may be appointed as Holdco Group Agent. 
“Holding Company” means a holding company within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act or 
in respect of the Irish Obligor means a holding company within the meaning of section 155 of the Irish 
Companies Act 1963 of Ireland. 
“IAS 39” means International Accounting Standards, 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, 
issued by the IASB. 
“IASB” means the International Accounting Standards Board.

--- Page 379 ---
358 
“IBLA Advance” means any advance made under any IBLA. 
“ICO” means UK Information Commissioner’s Office. 
“ICOBS” means the Insurance Conduct of Business Sourcebook. 
“ICSDs” means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
“IDD Order” means the UK Insurance Distribution (Regulated Activities and Miscellaneous Amendments) 
Order 2018. 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the IASB as adopted by the EU. 
“IHP” means insurer hosted pricing. 
“Indexed” means, in respect of any reference to that amount, an amount to that amount (as previously indexed) 
as such amount may be adjusted up or down at the beginning of each calendar year by a percentage equal to the 
amount of percentage increase or, as the case may be, decrease in the Retail Price Index for such year or as is 
otherwise specified in the relevant Finance Document. 
“Information Memorandum” means any information memorandum or prospectus prepared by or on behalf 
of and approved by the Borrower in connection with the general syndication in the interbank market of any 
Authorised Credit Facility as applicable, any prospectus prepared by or on behalf of and approved by the Issuer 
in respect of the Programme, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any listing or offering document 
prepared in connection with or relating to any listing or offering of the PP Notes. 
“Information Package” means any information package prepared by or on behalf of and approved by the 
Borrower in connection with the general syndication in the interbank market of any Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties” means Lloyds TSB Bank PLC, Merrill Lynch International and 
UBS AG. 
“Initial Class A IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 2 July 
2013 entitled “Initial Class A Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Initial Class B IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 2 July 
2013 entitled “Initial Class B Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Initial Dealers” means Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds 
TSB Bank plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mitsubishi UFJ Securities International plc, RBC Europe Ltd., The 
Royal Bank of Scotland plc and UBS Limited. 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as facility agent 
under the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement” means the liquidity facility agreement dated 2 July 2013 entered into 
between, among others, the Borrower, the Issuer, and the Initial Liquidity Facility Provider(s). 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Providers” means those financial institutions party to the Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement as Liquidity Facility Providers or any other party that accedes to the Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement as a Liquidity Facility Provider. 
“Initial Rating” means the credit rating of the Class A Notes on the Closing Date or, from the date on which 
the Rating Agency assigns a credit rating (disregarding, at the Issuer’s request, the ability of the Borrower to 
incur Additional Financial Indebtedness with a rating equal to the credit rating of the Class A Notes on the 
Closing Date) of BBB or above to the Class A Notes a credit rating from the Rating Agency of BBB.

--- Page 380 ---
359 
“Insolvency Act” means the Insolvency Act 1986. 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any company: 
(a) 
the initiation of or consent to Insolvency Proceedings by such company or any other person or the 
presentation of a petition or application for the making of an administration order which proceedings 
(other than in the case of the Issuer) are not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer 
Security Trustee (as the case may be), being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success 
or which are or frivolous or vexatious and discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of 
commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised; 
(b) 
the giving of notice of appointment of an administrator or the making of an administration order or an 
administrator being appointed in respect of such company (other than in relation to an Insolvency Event 
of the Issuer under a Liquidity Facility Agreement), any such giving of notice, making of an 
administration order or appointment of an administrator which is commenced by action taken by the 
company itself (or its directors) under paragraphs 12(1)(a) and (b) or paragraph 22 of Schedule B1 to 
the Insolvency Act; 
(c) 
an encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver 
appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee) taking possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking 
or assets of such company; 
(d) 
any distress, execution, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed upon or against 
the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company (excluding, in relation to 
the Issuer, the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee) and such 
order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not being discharged or otherwise ceasing 
to apply within 21 days; 
(e) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of such company (as part of a 
general composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement affecting such company’s creditors 
generally) other than a composition compromise, assignment or arrangement with respect to any 
subordinated Financial Indebtedness, any intragroup loan or guarantee; 
(f) 
the passing by such company of an effective resolution or the making of an order by a court of competent 
jurisdiction for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of such company (except, in the case of the 
Issuer, a winding up for the purpose of a merger, reorganisation or amalgamation the terms of which 
have previously been approved either in writing by the Class A Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee 
or by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution or a Class B Extraordinary Resolution); 
(g) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to such company or in relation to the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company; 
(h) 
(in the case of an Irish Obligor only) the presentation of a petition to appoint an examiner to, or the 
appointment of an examiner (including an interim examiner) to, such company; 
(i) 
save as permitted in the STID, the cessation or suspension of payment of its debts generally or a public 
announcement by such company of an intention to do so; or 
(j) 
save as provided in the STID, a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of such company. 
“Insolvency Official” means, in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in relation to a company, a 
liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator, examiner, Administrative Receiver, Receiver, manager, 
nominee, supervisor, trustee, conservator, guardian, the Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey or other similar

--- Page 381 ---
360 
official in respect of such company or in respect of all (or substantially all) of the company’s assets or in respect 
of any arrangement or composition with creditors. 
“Insolvency Proceedings” means, in respect of any company, the winding up, liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or bankruptcy (within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954) of such 
company, or any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such company 
is incorporated or of any jurisdiction in which such company, carries on business including the seeking of 
liquidation, winding up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection or 
relief of debtors (and including, in the case of any Irish Obligor, the petitioning for the appointment, or the 
appointment (including on an interim basis), of an examiner). 
“Insolvency Regulation” means the EC Regulation on Insolvency Proceedings 2000 (Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 1346/2000 of 29th May, 2000). 
“INSPRU” means the Prudential Sourcebook for Insurers of the PRA Handbook. 
“Instalment Date” means each date on which each Instalment Note which provides for instalment dates (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be partially redeemed. 
“Instalment Note” means any Class A Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instructing Group” means the Class A Instructing Group, the Bank Instructing Group and the Note Instructing 
Group. 
“Insurance” means, as the context may require, any contract of insurance described in or taken out pursuant to 
the CTA and any other contract or policy of insurance taken out by or on behalf of an Obligor from time to time, 
including in each case any future renewal or replacement of any such insurance whether with the same or 
different insurers and whether on the same or different term. 
“Insurance Distribution Directive” means Directive (EU) 2016/97. 
“Insurance Mediation Directive” means Directive 2002/92/EC. 
“Insurance Proceeds” means the proceeds of any insurance claim under any insurance maintained by any 
member of the Holdco Group except for Excluded Insurance Proceeds and after deducting any reasonable 
expenses in relation to that claim which are incurred by any member of the Holdco Group to persons who are 
not members of the Holdco Group. 
“Insurer” means each insurer from time to time of, or in relation to, any Insurances. 
“Intellectual Property” means any right in: 
(a) 
copyright (including rights in software and preparatory design materials), get up, trade names, internet 
domain names, patents, inventions, rights in confidential information, database rights, moral rights, 
semiconductor topography rights, trade secrets, know how, trade marks, service marks, logos, registered 
designs and design rights (each whether registered or unregistered); 
(b) 
applications for registration and the right to apply for registration, for any of the above; and 
(c) 
all other intellectual property rights in each case whether registered or unregistered and including 
applications for registration and all rights or equivalent or similar forms of protection having equivalent 
or similar effect anywhere in the world. 
“Interest Period” (i) in respect of the Class A Notes, a Class A Note Interest Period, (ii) in respect of the Class 
B Notes, see “Description of Other Indebtedness—The Class B3 Notes—Interest” and (iii) in respect of an

--- Page 382 ---
361 
Authorised Credit Facility, has the meaning given to such term in that Authorised Credit Facility, see 
“Description of Other Indebtedness”. 
“Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means any Hedging Transaction entered into by the Borrower, the Issuer 
or the PP Note Issuer and a Hedge Counterparty in respect of any interest rate hedging. 
“Intermediate Holdco” means AA Acquisition Co Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in 
England and Wales with registered number 5018987. 
“Investment Company Act” means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. 
“Investor” means Topco, each of its Holding Companies, each Sponsor and any other direct or indirect 
shareholder in Holdco and any other Affiliate of such person and any other person who is issued or holds an 
Investor Funding Loan at any time, in each case that is not a member of the Holdco Group. 
“Investor Debt” means the amount outstanding, from time to time, under any Investor Funding Loan. 
“Investor Funding Loan” means any loan made or deemed to be made by any Investor to Holdco, provided 
the Investor is party to the STID as a Subordinated Investor. 
“Investor Report” means each report produced by the Holdco Group required to be delivered each year in 
accordance with the CTA. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—
Covenants—Information Covenants—Investor Report”. 
“IPCo” means the wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco that is the designated transferee of the brands to be 
transferred under the ABF. 
“IPO” means the initial public offering of the ordinary shares of AA Limited in June 2014. 
“Ireland” means Ireland, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Northern Ireland (and Irish shall be construed 
accordingly). 
“Irish Obligor” means any Obligor incorporated in Ireland.3 
“Irish Security Agreement” means the Irish law debenture dated 2 July 2013 between AA Ireland Limited and 
the Obligor Security Trustee.4 
“Irish Share Pledge” means the Irish law deed of charge dated on or around the date of MDA between AA 
Corporation and the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the shares in AA Ireland Limited. 
“ISDA Master Agreement” means an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (including 
the schedule and any credit support annex thereto) or any successor thereto published by ISDA unless otherwise 
agreed by the Obligor Security Trustee acting in accordance with the STID. 
“Issue Date” means (a) in respect of any Class A Note, the date of issue and purchase of such Note pursuant to 
and in accordance with the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and (b) in respect of any Class B Notes, the date of issue of such Class B Notes stated in the relevant 
Class B Offering Circular. 
“Issue Price” means, in respect of the Class A Notes the price as stated in the relevant Final Terms, generally 
expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Class A Notes, at which the Class A Notes will be issued 
and, in respect of the Class B Notes, the Issue Price stated in the Class B Offering Circular. 
 
3 
Note that the only Irish Obligor, AA Ireland Limited, was released as an Obligor when it was disposed of in August 2016. 
4 
Note that this was released when AA Ireland Limited was disposed of in August 2016.

--- Page 383 ---
362 
“Issuer” means AA Bond Co Limited, a company incorporated in Jersey (registered number 112992). 
“Issuer Account Bank” means Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to the 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement). 
“Issuer Account Bank Agreement” means the account bank agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, 
the Issuer Account Bank, and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
“Issuer Accounts” means the Issuer Transaction Accounts, the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account, the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility Standby Account together with any other account of the Issuer that may be opened from time 
to time (each an “Issuer Account”). 
“Issuer Cash Management Agreement” means the cash management agreement dated 2 July 2013 between, 
among others, inter alios, the Issuer, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
“Issuer Cash Manager” means AADL. 
“Issuer Charged Documents” means the Issuer Transaction Documents and the Finance Documents to which 
the Issuer is a party and all other contracts, documents, agreements and deeds to which it is, or may become, a 
party (other than the Issuer Deed of Charge, each Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Agreement). 
“Issuer Class A Transaction Documents” means the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupon and any Final Terms 
relating to the Class A Notes, the Class A Note Trust Deed (including the Class A Conditions), the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Class A Agency Agreement, each Issuer Security Document, the Issuer 
Account Bank Agreement, the Common Terms Agreement, the STID, the Master Definitions Agreement, the 
Class A IBLA, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer Hedging Agreements, the Issuer Corporate Officer 
Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant, any back-to-back hedging agreement between the Issuer and the 
Borrower and any other agreement, instrument or deed designated as such by the Issuer and the Class A Note 
Trustee. 
“Issuer Class B Transaction Documents” means the Class B Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed (including 
the Class B Conditions, the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed and the Second Supplemental Class B 
Note Trust Deed), the Class B Agency Agreement, each Class B IBLA, the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Agreement, each Issuer Security Document, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, the STID, the Master 
Definitions Agreement, the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant, and any other 
agreement, instrument or deed designated as such by the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee. 
“Issuer Common Documents” means: 
(a) 
each Issuer Security Document; 
(b) 
the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(c) 
the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(d) 
the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(e) 
the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement; and 
(f) 
any other agreement, instrument or deed designated as such by the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
“Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement” means the corporate officer agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the 
Issuer and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider. 
“Issuer Corporate Officer Provider” means Intertrust Management Limited and any successors thereto.

--- Page 384 ---
363 
“Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account” means any account opened and maintained by the Issuer which may 
be credited with a cash reserve for satisfying all or part of the minimum debt service funding requirements set 
out in the CTA, or such other account as may be opened, with the consent of the Issuer Security Trustee, at any 
branch of the Issuer Account Bank in replacement of such account. 
“Issuer Deed of Charge” means the deed of charge dated 2 July 2013 entered into between the Issuer, the 
Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, 
the Class B Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class B Transfer 
Agent, the Class A Registrar, the Class B Registrar and the Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the 
Liquidity Facility Agent and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider as amended on 13 April 2015 and further 
amended on 29 January 2021. 
“Issuer Hedge Counterparty” means any entity which becomes a Party as a Hedge Counterparty to an Issuer 
Hedging Agreement and accedes as a Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
“Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium” means a premium or upfront payment received by the Issuer from a 
replacement hedge counterparty under a replacement hedge agreement with the Issuer to the extent of any 
termination payment due to an Issuer Hedge Counterparty under an Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
“Issuer Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro-forma 
Hedging Agreement (as amended from time to time) entered into by the Issuer and an Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each relevant Issuer 
Hedging Transaction is entered into) and which governs the Issuer Hedging Transactions between such parties, 
and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing 
the Issuer Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
“Issuer Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt governed 
by an Issuer Hedging Agreement and entered into with the Issuer in accordance with the Hedging Policy. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or suspends making payments on 
any of its debts after taking into account amounts available to it under the Liquidity Facility Agreement 
at the relevant time; 
(b) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the commencement of negotiations by the Issuer with one or more creditors of the Issuer with a view to 
rescheduling any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes “bankrupt” within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken (whether out of court or 
otherwise) in relation to: 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or a Receiver 
appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) in relation to the 
Issuer or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer 
Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) taking possession of the whole or any 
part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition or compromise (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditors (or any class of creditors)

--- Page 385 ---
364 
of the Issuer, a reorganisation of the Issuer, the winding up of the Issuer, a conveyance to or 
assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Issuer (or any class of creditors) or the making of 
an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection from the creditors of the Issuer 
(or any class of creditors); 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction; or 
(f) 
any distress, execution, diligence, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed upon 
or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (excluding by the Issuer 
Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed 
of Charge) and such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not being discharged 
or otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days. 
“Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement” means the Jersey law governed corporate services agreement 
letter dated 22 May 2013 entered into between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Issuer Jersey Corporate 
Services Provider. 
“Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider” means Ogier Global Company Secretary (Jersey) Limited. 
“Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement” means the security interest agreement dated 2 July 2013 between 
Holdco and the Issuer Security Trustee in respect of the shares in the Issuer. 
“Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the liquidity standby account in the name of the Issuer. 
“Issuer Liquidity Shortfall” means after taking into account Cash Available to the Issuer, with respect to any 
LF Interest Payment Date (as determined by the Cash Manager on the Determination Date in respect of that LF 
Interest Payment Date), there will be insufficient funds to pay on such LF Interest Payment Date any of the 
amounts to be paid in respect of items (1) to (6) (inclusive but in the case of item 6, only including payments 
of principal that are part of the scheduled amortisation of Class A Notes but excluding any final payment on 
any Final Maturity Date and any Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination payments and all other 
unscheduled amounts payable to any Issuer Hedge Counterparty payable under item 6(a) and 6(b)) of the Issuer 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Issuer Payment Priorities” means the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Issuer Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Issuer Profit Amount” means £1,200 per annum to be retained by the Issuer as profit. 
“Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right” means, in respect of an Issuer Secured Creditor, any 
modification, consent, direction or waiver in respect of an Issuer Transaction Document that would: 
(a) 
result in an increase in or would adversely modify such Issuer Secured Creditor’s obligations or 
liabilities under such Issuer Transaction Document; 
(b) 
have the effect of adversely changing the Issuer Payment Priorities or application thereof in respect of 
such Issuer Secured Creditor; 
(c) 
release any Issuer Security (except where such release is expressly permitted by the Issuer Deed of 
Charge); 
(d) 
alter adversely the voting entitlement of such Issuer Secured Creditor under the STID or the Conditions; 
(e) 
in respect of an Issuer Hedge Counterparty, constitute an Entrenched Right pursuant to the definition of 
“Entrenched Right”; or 
(f) 
amend this definition.

--- Page 386 ---
365 
“Issuer Secured Creditors” means: 
(a) 
the Class A Noteholders, provided that the holders of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer 
Secured Creditors until the Class A Closing Date in respect of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes; 
(b) 
the Class B Noteholders, provided that the holders of any class of Class B Notes will not be Issuer 
Secured Creditors until the Class B Closing Date in respect of such Class B Notes; 
(c) 
the Class A Note Trustee; 
(d) 
the Class B Note Trustee; 
(e) 
the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Issuer Secured Creditors) under the Issuer 
Security Documents; 
(f) 
each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under its Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility Agreement 
in respect of amounts owed to each of them by the Issuer from time to time; 
(h) 
the Issuer Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(i) 
the Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class B Principal Paying Agent, Class A Transfer Agent, Class B 
Transfer Agent, Class A Registrar, Class B Registrar and Class A Agent Bank under the Agency 
Agreements and any Calculation Agent under a Calculation Agency Agreement and any additional 
agents appointed by the Issuer from time to time; 
(j) 
the Issuer Cash Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(k) 
the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(l) 
the Issuer Jersey Corporate Service Provider; and/or 
(m) 
any other person which accedes to the Issuer Deed of Charge as an Issuer Secured Creditor after the 
Closing Date or who becomes a Noteholder after the Closing Date. 
“Issuer Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of the Issuer to any Issuer Secured Creditor under each Issuer Transaction Document. 
“Issuer Security” means the Security Interests constituted by the Issuer Security Documents. 
“Issuer Security Document” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer Deed of Charge; and 
(b) 
the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement. 
“Issuer Security Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) as security trustee for the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
“Issuer Senior Debt” means any financial accommodation that is, for the purposes of the STID, to be treated 
as Issuer Senior Debt and includes: 
(a) 
the Class A Notes; 
(b) 
the liabilities under the Issuer Hedging Agreements; and 
(c) 
any further debt incurred in due course which ranks pari passu with the debt specified in (a) and 
(b) above.

--- Page 387 ---
366 
“Issuer Senior Secured Creditors” means the Issuer Secured Creditors other than the Class B Noteholders. 
“Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of the Issuer to any Issuer Senior Secured Creditor under each Issuer Class A Transaction Document. 
“Issuer Transaction Accounts” means those bank accounts of the Issuer opened with the Issuer Account Bank 
in accordance with the Issuer Account Bank Agreement but excluding the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account 
and the Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
“Issuer Transaction Documents” means the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents and Class B Transaction 
Documents. 
“IT” means information technology. 
“Joint Venture” means any joint venture entity, partnership or similar person, the ownership of or other interest 
in which does not require any member of the Holdco Group to consolidate the results of that person with its 
own as a Subsidiary. 
“Joint Venture Receipts” means amounts received by any member of the Holdco Group in respect of 
repayments, redemptions, interest or distribution from, and Disposal Proceeds in respect of shares in, a Joint 
Venture. 
“Junior Finance Document” means: 
(a) 
any Class B IBLA; and 
(b) 
each other Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Documents; 
(d) 
the MDA; 
(e) 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(f) 
(A) any fee letter, commitment letter, arrangement letter, or request entered into in connection with (i) 
the facilities referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above or the transactions contemplated in such facilities 
and (B) any other document that has been entered into in connection with such facilities or the 
transactions contemplated thereby that has been designated as a Junior Finance Document by the parties 
thereto (including the Borrower); 
(g) 
any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to any of the above documents; and 
(h) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
“Junior Finance Party” means any Class B Authorised Credit Provider and any person which is a Finance 
Party under a Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Lead Manager” means in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, each person named as a lead manager 
in the relevant Subscription Agreement. 
“Letter of Credit” means a letter of credit under any Authorised Credit Facility. 
“LF Arrangers” means Banco Santander S.A., London Branch, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, London 
Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs International Bank, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
London Branch.  
“LF Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to the term “LF Interest Payment Date” in each Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, as the context requires.

--- Page 388 ---
367 
“Liabilities” means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceedings or 
other liability whatsoever (including in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges including, in 
each case, any related costs, fines, penalties or interest (if any) but excluding any Excluded Tax) and legal fees 
and properly incurred expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
“Liabilities Acquisition” means, in relation to a person and to any Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities or 
Subordinated Investor Liabilities (as applicable), a transaction where that person: 
(a) 
purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) 
enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) 
enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a sub-
participation in respect of, 
the rights and benefits in respect of those Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities or Subordinated Investor 
Liabilities (as applicable). 
“Limitation Acts” means the Limitation Act 1980 and the Foreign Limitation Periods Act 1984. 
“Liquidity Drawing” means a Liquidity Loan Drawing or a Standby Drawing (as applicable). 
“Liquidity Facility” means a liquidity facility made available under a Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility Agent” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Agent and any agent appointed pursuant to a 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility Agreement” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement and each other liquidity facility 
agreement the terms of which shall require that the relevant liquidity facility provider(s) has/have at least the 
Requisite Rating and which shall be substantially in the form of the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement having 
regard to the then customary market practice for such liquidity facilities and the requirements of the Rating 
Agency. 
“Liquidity Facility Providers” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Providers and any bank or financial 
institution which becomes a party to the Liquidity Facility Agreement as a liquidity facility provider. 
“Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the respective reserve accounts to be opened, if required, in the 
name each of the Issuer and the Borrower (as applicable) and held at the applicable Liquidity Facility Provider 
in respect of whom the Standby Drawing has been made or, if such Liquidity Facility Provider does not have 
the Requisite Rating, at the Account Bank. 
“Liquidity Loan Drawing” means, unless otherwise stated in the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the principal 
amount of each borrowing under the Liquidity Facility Agreement which is not a Standby Drawing (and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the term Liquidity Loan Drawing shall include any Liquidity Drawing from a Liquidity 
Facility Standby Account) or the principal amount outstanding of that borrowing. 
“Liquidity Required Amount” means, in respect of the Borrower and the Issuer, an amount (calculated on a 
rolling basis on each Test Date) which, in aggregate, is equal to the respective projected interest and 
commitment commission payments and payments of principal that are part of the scheduled amortisation 
(excluding any final payment on a Final Maturity Date) in respect of (a) the Senior Term Facility and any other 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities which rank from time to time pari passu with the Senior Term Facility or 
any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding in each case principal payments under the Working 
Capital Facility and any payments under any Class A IBLA), (b) the Class A Notes and (c) scheduled payments 
under any Hedging Agreements to which the Borrower or, as the case may be, the Issuer is a party (excluding 
any termination payments and all other unscheduled amounts payable to any Issuer Hedge Counterparty or

--- Page 389 ---
368 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty) for a period of (i) if prior to a Qualifying Public Offering, 18 months following 
the relevant Test Date and (ii) upon and following a Qualifying Public Offering, 12 months (or such greater 
period not exceeding 18 months in order to maintain the then current rating of the Class A Notes) following the 
relevant Test Date under a Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Shortfall” means a Borrower Liquidity Shortfall and/or an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall, as applicable. 
“Loan Acceleration Notice” means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the STID by 
which the Obligor Security Trustee declares that some or all Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be accelerated. 
“Loan Enforcement Notice” means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the 
STID by which the Obligor Security Trustee declares that the Obligor Security has become enforceable. 
“Loan Interest Payment Date” means each interest payment date under each IBLA. 
“Maintenance Capital Expenditure” means, in respect of the Holdco Group and in respect of any period, any 
expenditure used to maintain and operate the assets of the Holdco Group and which should be treated as capital 
expenditure in the financial statements of the person incurring such expenditure in accordance with the 
Accounting Principles and including, of the avoidance of doubt, any expenditure on finance leases. For the 
avoidance of doubt, expenditure for the acquisition of businesses or arising from operating leases as defined in 
UK GAAP as at the date of the MDA shall not constitute Maintenance Capital Expenditure for the purposes of 
this definition. 
“Make-Whole Amount” means any premium payable on redemption of any Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
or Issuer Senior Debt in excess of: 
(a) 
the principal amount outstanding of such debt; plus 
(b) 
accrued interest on such debt. 
“Mandate and Syndication Letter” means the mandate and syndication letter dated on or around 2 July 2013 
between the mandate parties and Holdco as the same may be amended and re-executed from time to time. 
“Margin Regulations” means Regulations U and X issued by the Board of Governors of the United States 
Federal Reserve System. 
“Master Definitions Agreement” or “MDA” means the master definitions agreement entered into by, among 
others, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, the 
Borrower, the Holdco Group Agent, the Cash Manager, Holdco and Topco on 2 July 2013 and amended and 
restated on 13 April 2015 and further amended and restated on 29 January 2021. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on: 
(a) 
the consolidated business, assets or financial condition of the Holdco Group taken as a whole such that 
the Holdco Group taken as a whole would be reasonably likely to be unable to perform its payment 
obligations under any of the Senior Finance Documents; or 
(b) 
subject to the Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, the validity or enforceability of any 
Security Interests granted pursuant to any of the Senior Finance Documents in any way which is 
materially adverse to the interests of the Obligor Senior Secured Creditors under the Senior Finance 
Documents taken as a whole, and without duplication of any other cure period, if capable of remedy, not 
remedied within 20 Business Days of the Holdco Group Agent becoming aware of the issue or being 
given notice of the issue by the Facility Agent.

--- Page 390 ---
369 
“Material Company” means, at any time: 
(a) 
a Subsidiary of Holdco (other than IPCo) which has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation, calculated on the same basis as EBITDA, representing 5% or more of EBITDA; and 
(b) 
any member of the Holdco Group (other than IPCo) to which a Material Company disposes all or any 
substantial part of its assets. 
“MCOB” means the FCA’s Mortgages and Home Finance: Conduct of Business sourcebook. 
“Member State” means a member state of the European Union. 
“Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount” means £35,000,000 per annum, subject to any adjustment 
in accordance with the terms of the CTA. 
“Minimum Long Term Rating” means a BBB rating by S&P. 
“MIPRU” means the Prudential Sourcebook for Mortgage and House Finance Firms and Insurance 
Intermediaries of the PRA Handbook and the FCA Handbook. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Services Limited or any successor to its rating business. 
“Nationwide” means Nationwide 4x4 Ltd. 
“New Dealer” means any entity appointed as an additional Dealer in accordance with the Dealership 
Agreement. 
“New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS” means a structure where a Class A Note which is registered in the 
name of a Common Safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the Relevant Class A Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about 
the Issue Date with the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“New Shareholder Injections” means the aggregate amount subscribed for by Topco for ordinary shares issued 
by Holdco provided that such shares are paid for in full in cash upon issue and which by their terms are not 
redeemable. 
“NFC Representation” is the representation given by the Issuer and the Borrower to the Hedge Counterparty 
under the Schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement that on each date and at each time on which the Borrower 
or the Issuer (as applicable) enters into a Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as 
applicable) (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by the Issuer or the Borrower (as applicable) 
at all times while such Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable) remains 
outstanding) that: 
(a) 
it is either (i) a non-financial counterparty (as such term is defined in EMIR) or (ii) an entity established 
outside the EU that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having given due and proper consideration 
to its status, would constitute a non-financial counterparty (as such term is defined in EMIR) if it were 
established in the EU; and 
(b) 
it is not subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR (or, in respect of an entity under subparagraph 
(a)(ii) above, would not be subject to the clearing obligation if it were established in the EU) in respect 
of such Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (b), it is assumed that the Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging 
Transaction (as applicable) is of a type that has been declared to be subject to the clearing obligation in 
accordance with Article 5 of EMIR and is subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with Article 4 
of EMIR (whether or not in fact this is the case), and that any transitional provisions in EMIR are ignored.

--- Page 391 ---
370 
“NGB” or “New Global Note” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Class A Permanent Bearer 
Global Note, in either case in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates is a New Global Note 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, both Eurosystem-eligible NGBs and Non-eligible NGBs). 
“Non-Base Currency” means a currency other than pounds sterling. 
“Non-eligible NGB” means a NGB which is not intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility, as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Note” means the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes. 
“Note Acceleration Notice” means a Class A Note Acceleration Notice and/or a Class B Note Acceleration 
Notice. 
“Note Instructing Group” means the Issuer in its capacity as the Class A Authorised Credit Provider under 
any Class A IBLA. 
“Note Interest Payment Date” means a Class A Note Interest Payment Date and/or a Class B3 Note Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be. 
“Note Trust Deed” means the Class A Note Trust Deed and/or the Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Note Trustee” means the Class A Note Trustee and/or the Class B Note Trustee as the context requires. 
“Noteholders” means the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders. 
“Obligations” means all of the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Class A Notes and the 
Issuer Transaction Documents (and “Obligation” shall mean any one of them). 
“Obligor” means each Original Obligor, excluding any Original Obligor which has been disposed of, and such 
other Holdco Group members who become an Obligor and accedes to the CTA and the STID. 
“Obligor Junior Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors to whom Obligor Junior Secured 
liabilities are owed. 
“Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual 
or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to 
any Obligor Secured Creditor under each Junior Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party. 
“Obligor Operating Accounts” means those bank accounts of the Obligors opened in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement but excluding any Designated Account. 
“Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments” means the provisions relating to the order of priority of 
payments set out in “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Quorum 
and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors—
Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice” and “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Obligor Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments”. 
“Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments” means the provisions relating to the order of priority of 
payments set out in “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments”. 
“Obligor Priorities of Payments” means the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Obligor 
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Obligor Secured Creditors” means:

--- Page 392 ---
371 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors); 
(b) 
the Issuer; 
(c) 
the STF Lenders; 
(d) 
the WCF Lenders; 
(e) 
the WCF Agent; 
(f) 
the STF Agent; 
(g) 
the WCF Arrangers; 
(h) 
the STF Arrangers; 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty; 
(j) 
each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty; 
(k) 
each Liquidity Facility Provider, each LF Arranger and the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement in respect of amounts owed to each of them by the Borrower from time to time; 
(l) 
the Borrower Account Bank; 
(m) 
any replacement Cash Manager who is not a member of the Holdco Group or an Affiliate thereof; 
(n) 
each other Authorised Credit Provider; 
(o) 
the AA Ireland Pension Trustee; 
(p) 
the AA UK Pension Trustee, until the ABF Implementation Date (if such date occurs); 
(q) 
any Additional Obligor Secured Creditors; and 
(r) 
any Receiver or delegate of a Receiver or Obligor Secured Creditor, 
and “Obligor Secured Creditor” means any one of them. 
“Obligor Secured Liabilities” means the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities and the Obligor Junior Secured 
Liabilities. 
“Obligor Secured Property” means the property, assets, rights and undertaking of each Obligor that are the 
subject of the Security Interests created in or pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and includes, for the 
avoidance of doubt, each Obligor’s rights to or interests in any chose in action and each Obligor’s rights under 
the Transaction Documents. 
“Obligor Security” means the Security Interests created or expressed to be created in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee or any other Obligor Secured Creditor pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
“Obligor Security Agreement” means the English Law governed security agreement dated 2 July 2013, 
between, among others, Holdco, Intermediate Holdco, the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Obligor Security Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Agreement; 
(b) 
the TAAL Share Security Agreement; 
(c) 
the Irish Security Agreement;

--- Page 393 ---
372 
(d) 
the Irish Share Pledge; 
(e) 
the STID and each deed of accession thereto; and 
(f) 
any other document evidencing or creating security over any asset of an Obligor to secure any obligation 
of any Obligor to an Obligor Secured Creditor in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“Obligor Security Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any successor appointed as security 
trustee pursuant to the STID. 
“Obligor Senior Discharge Date” means the date on which all of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
(excluding Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (a) owing under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, (b) 
owing to the AA UK Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities and to the AA Ireland 
Pension Trustee in respect of the AA Ireland Secured Pension Liabilities and (c) for the purpose of paragraph 9 
of Part A of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments only, constituting Subordinated Liquidity 
Amounts and Subordinated Hedge Amounts owing by the Borrower and any amounts under the Seventh Facility 
Fee owing by the Borrower) have been irrevocably discharged in full; 
“Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors to whom Obligor Senior Secured 
liabilities are owed. 
“Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual 
or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor (i) to 
any Obligor Secured Creditor under each Senior Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party; and (ii) 
to the AA UK Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities and to the AA Ireland 
Pension Trustee in respect of the AA Ireland Secured Pension Liabilities. 
“Obligor STID Proposal” means, for the purposes of the Class A Noteholder voting mechanics in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed: 
(a) 
an Ordinary Voting Matter; 
(b) 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(c) 
a Direction Notice; 
(d) 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(e) 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(f) 
a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice; 
(g) 
a NIG LAN Notice; 
(h) 
a proposal giving rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor 
Secured Creditor; 
(i) 
an instruction required in accordance with the STID; and/or 
(j) 
a request under the STID to hold a physical meeting of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“OCB Treasury Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction (that is not a Hedging Transaction) entered into 
by an Obligor and an OCB Treasury Counterparty for the purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary 
course of business. 
“Offering” means an offering of the Class A Notes. 
“Official List” means the official list of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 394 ---
373 
“Offsetting Transaction” means, in respect of a Treasury Transaction (the “Primary Transaction”) and the 
amounts determined pursuant to its terms by reference to a certain rate, measure or price, another Treasury 
Transaction pursuant to whose terms amounts are determined by reference to the same rate, measure or price, 
as specified in the Primary Transaction, and which therefore offset all of the amounts determined under the 
Primary Transaction in whole or in part (where any partial offset results solely from a difference between the 
Primary Transaction and the Offsetting Transaction in terms of quantum of the calculation amount and/or the 
quantum of the rate, measure or price specified), provided that where (a) the Primary Transaction forms part of 
a Hedging Agreement, the Offsetting Transaction shall also form part of a Hedging Agreement; and (b) where 
the Primary Transaction forms part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, the Offsetting Transaction shall 
also form part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement. 
“Ordinary STID Resolution” means a resolution in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter. 
“Ordinary Voting Matters” are matters which are not Discretion Matters, matters which are not the subject of 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice or Extraordinary Voting Matters. 
“Original Class B Notes” means the £655,000,000 9.50% fixed rate Class B Secured Notes due 2043 issued 
by the Issuer on the Closing Date. 
“Original Financial Statements” means the audited financial statements of Holdco and the Borrower and the 
unaudited financial statements of Intermediate Holdco as the case may be, for its annual accounting period 
ended January 2013 and the audited consolidated financial statements of AA Limited in respect of itself and its 
subsidiaries for its annual accounting period ended 31 January 2013. 
“Original Obligor” means: 
(a) 
Holdco; 
(b) 
AA Acquisition Co Limited; 
(c) 
AA Senior Co Limited; 
(d) 
AA Corporation Limited; 
(e) 
The Automobile Association Limited; 
(f) 
Automobile Association Developments Limited; 
(g) 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited; 
(h) 
AA Financial Services Limited; 
(i) 
AA Media Limited;5 
(j) 
Drivetech (UK) Limited; 
(k) 
Intelligent Data Systems (UK) Limited; 
(l) 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Holdings Limited; and 
(m) 
AA Ireland Limited.6 
“outstanding” means: 
 
5 
AA Media Limited was released as an Obligor pursuant to a deed of release dated 28 March 2019. 
6 
AA Ireland Limited was released as an Obligor when it was disposed of in August 2016.

--- Page 395 ---
374 
(a) 
in relation to the Class A Notes of all or any Sub-Class, all the Class A Notes of such Sub-Class issued 
other than: 
(i) 
those Class A Notes which have been redeemed in full or purchased, and cancelled, in accordance 
with Class A Condition 7 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase 
and Cancellation”) or otherwise under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
those Class A Notes in respect of which the date (including, where applicable, any deferred date) 
for redemption in accordance with the Class A Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies for which (including premium (if any) and all interest payable thereon) have been duly 
paid to the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as 
applicable, in the manner provided in the Class A Agency Agreement (and where appropriate 
notice to that effect has been provided or published in accordance with Class A Condition 16 
(“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Notices”)) and remain available for payment 
against presentation of the relevant Class A Notes and/or Class A Coupons and/or Class A 
Receipts; 
(iii) 
those Class A Notes which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, in each case, under Class A Condition 12 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A 
Notes—Prescription”); 
(iv) 
in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, those mutilated or defaced Class A Notes which have been 
surrendered and cancelled and in respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to 
Class A Condition 13 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Replacement of Class A 
Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons”); 
(v) 
in the case of Class A Bearer Notes (for the purpose only of ascertaining the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes and without prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the 
relevant Class A Notes) those Class A Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to Class A Condition 
13 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Replacement of Class A Notes, Class A 
Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons”); 
(vi) 
the Class A Temporary Bearer Global Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for Class 
A Permanent Bearer Global Notes or Class A Definitive Notes pursuant to the provisions 
contained therein; 
(vii) 
the Class A Permanent Bearer Global Notes that remain in escrow pending exchange of the Class 
A Temporary Bearer Global Notes therefor, pursuant to the provisions contained therein; 
(viii) the Class A Permanent Bearer Global Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for Class 
A Bearer Definitive Notes pursuant to the provisions contained therein; and 
(ix) 
the Class A Bearer Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for Class A Registered 
Notes pursuant to the provisions contained therein, 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(A) 
the right to vote on a Class A Voting Matter as envisaged by the Class A Note Trust 
Deed; 
(B) 
the determination of how many and which Class A Notes are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class A 
Conditions;

--- Page 396 ---
375 
(C) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Class A Note Trust 
Deed or vested by operation of law) which the Class A Note Trustee is required, 
expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(D) 
the determination by the Class A Note Trustee whether any of the events specified 
in Class A Condition 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Class A 
Note Events of Default”) is materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
the Class A Notes then outstanding, 
those Class A Notes of the relevant Sub-Class (if any) which are for the time being held by or on behalf 
of or for the benefit of the Issuer, the Borrower or any member of the HoldCo Group, in each case as 
beneficial owner, shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
(b) 
in relation to the Class B Notes, all the Class B Notes other than: 
(i) 
those Class B Notes which have been redeemed in full or purchased, and cancelled, in accordance 
with Class B Condition 5 (“Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation”) or otherwise under the 
Class B Note Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
those Class B Notes in respect of which the date (including, where applicable, any deferred date) 
for redemption in accordance with the Class B Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies for which (including premium (if any) and all interest payable thereon) have been duly 
paid to the Class B Note Trustee or to the Class B Registrar in the manner provided in the Agency 
Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been provided or published in 
accordance with Class B Condition 17 (“Notice to Class B Noteholders”)) and remain available 
for payment against presentation of the relevant Class B Notes; 
(iii) 
those Class B Notes which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, in each case, under Class B Condition 8 (“Prescription”); 
(iv) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of (and without prejudice to the status for any other purpose 
of the relevant Class B Notes) those Class B Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to the Class B 
Conditions, 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(A) 
the right to vote on a Class B Voting Matter as envisaged by the Class B Note Trust 
Deed; 
(B) 
the determination of how many and which Class B Notes are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of the Class B Note Trust Deed and the Class B 
Conditions; 
(C) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Class B Note Trust 
Deed or vested by operation of law) which the Class B Note Trustee is required, 
expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Class B 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(D) 
the determination by the Class B Note Trustee whether any of the events specified 
in Class B Condition 11 is materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
the Class B Notes then outstanding,

--- Page 397 ---
376 
those Class B Notes which are for the time being held by or on behalf of or for the benefit of the Borrower or 
any other member of the Holdco Group, in each case as beneficial owner, shall (unless and until ceasing to be 
so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Authorised Credit Facility that is a loan, the principal amount (or the Equivalent 
Amount) of any drawn amounts that are outstanding or committed under such Authorised Credit Facility; 
(b) 
in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Issuer Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Issuer Hedging Agreements of such Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
determined in accordance with the STID; 
(c) 
in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower 
Hedging Transactions arising under the Borrower Hedging Agreements of such Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty determined in accordance with the STID; 
(d) 
in respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions arising under the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements of such OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty determined in accordance with the STID; and 
(e) 
in respect of any other Obligor Secured Liabilities, the outstanding principal amount (or the Equivalent 
Amount) of such debt on such date in accordance with the relevant Finance Document, 
on the date on which (i) the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors have been notified of a STID Voting Request, 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice (or when the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors intend to deliver a Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice) or a Direction Notice or as otherwise required pursuant to the 
STID, as the case may be, all as most recently certified or notified to the Obligor Security Trustee, where 
applicable, pursuant to the STID or (ii) the CTA as at the latest practicable date prior to any challenge of a 
Compliance Certificate. 
“Overlay Transaction” means, in respect of a Treasury Transaction (the “Overlaid Transaction”) and the 
amounts determined pursuant to its terms by reference to a certain rate, measure or price, another Treasury 
Transaction pursuant to whose terms some amounts are determined by reference to the same rate, measure or 
price as specified in the Overlaid Transaction and other amounts are determined by reference to a different rate, 
measure or price and therefore offset some but not all of the amounts determined under the Overlaid Transaction 
in whole or in part (where any partial offset results solely from a difference between the Overlaid Transaction 
and the Overlay Transaction in terms of quantum of the calculation amount and/or the quantum of the rate, 
measure or price specified), provided that where (a) the Overlaid Transaction forms part of a Hedging 
Agreement, the Overlay Transaction shall also form part of a Hedging Agreement; and (b) where the Overlaid 
Transaction forms part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, the Overlay Transaction shall also form part 
of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement. 
“Participating Member State” means a member state of the EU that adopts and continues to adopt euro as its 
lawful currency under the legislation of the EU for European Monetary Union. 
“Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors” means the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors 
which participate in a vote on any STID Proposal or other matter pursuant to the STID. 
“Partnership” means the Scottish limited partnership to be established in connection with the implementation 
of the ABF. 
“Party” means, in relation to a Transaction Document, a party to such Transaction Document.

--- Page 398 ---
377 
“Paying Agents” means, in relation to all or any of the Class A Notes, the several institutions (including where 
the context permits the Principal Paying Agents) at their respective specified offices initially appointed as 
paying agents in relation to such Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and/or, if 
applicable, any Successor paying agents at their respective specified offices in relation to all or any of the Class 
A Notes as well as additional paying agents appointed under supplemental agency agreements as may be 
required in any jurisdiction in which Notes may be issued or sold from time to time. 
“Payment” means, in respect of any liabilities or obligations, a payment, prepayment, repayment, redemption, 
purchase, voluntary termination, defeasance or discharge of those liabilities or obligations and “Pay” has a 
corresponding meaning. 
“Payment Date” means, in respect of an Authorised Credit Facility, each date on which a payment is made or 
is scheduled to be made by an Obligor in respect of any obligations or liability under such Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
“PCWs” means price comparison websites. 
“Pensions Framework Agreement” means the agreement dated 14 July 2021 entered into between AA 
Limited, Basing Topco and the AA UK Pension in relation to the AA UK Pension Scheme. 
“Pensions Liabilities” means such amounts that are or may be payable by any member of the Holdco Group 
to the AA UK Pension Scheme, the AA Ireland Pension Scheme and any other pension scheme under law, any 
agreement relating to the funding of that scheme and any other agreement or instrument. 
“Pensions Regulator” means the body corporate called the Pensions Regulator established under Part 1 of the 
Pensions Act 2004. 
“Perfection Requirements” means the making or procuring of the appropriate registrations, filings and/or 
notifications of the Obligor Security Documents, Issuer Security Documents and/or Topco Security Documents 
and for the Security Interests created by them. 
“Permitted Acquisition” means: 
(a) 
an acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group of an asset sold, leased, transferred or otherwise 
disposed of by another member of the Holdco Group in circumstances constituting a Permitted Disposal 
or a Permitted Transaction; 
(b) 
an acquisition of shares or securities pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or in respect of a Permitted 
Joint Venture Investment; 
(c) 
an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(d) 
an acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group other than Holdco of (x) more than 50% of the issued 
share capital of a limited liability company or (y) a business or undertaking (or part of a business or 
undertaking) carried on as a going concern) where in each case (in relation to both (x) and (y)) the 
following conditions are satisfied and certified as such in a certificate executed by the finance director 
of Holdco and delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee and any Facility Agent together with all relevant 
supporting documentation: 
(i) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing on the date of completion of the acquisition or 
would occur as a result of the acquisition; 
(ii) 
the acquired company (and its Subsidiaries), business or undertaking, or any interest therein, (the 
“Acquisition Target”) is incorporated or established, and carries on its principal business in the 
United Kingdom or Ireland and is engaged in a business which is a Permitted Business;

--- Page 399 ---
378 
(iii) 
where the Acquisition Target has negative earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation for its most recently completed four consecutive financial quarters prior to 
completion of the acquisition, after taking into account Anticipated Cost Savings (a “Negative 
Earnings Acquisition Target”), the aggregate of (A) such negative earnings and (B) the total 
negative earnings (for the four consecutive financial quarters prior to their acquisitions taking 
into account Anticipated Cost Savings as certified at that time) of all other Negative Earnings 
Acquisition Targets acquired by the Holdco Group (or any member thereof) in any three year 
period after the Closing Date, shall not exceed £10,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent); 
(iv) 
the Acquisition Target has no material contingent liabilities which are outside the ordinary course 
of trading except to the extent (A) reflected in the purchase price agreed with the vendor; (B) 
indemnified by the relevant vendor; (C) adequate insurance is maintained or (D) funds are held 
by the relevant member of the Holdco Group in a blocked account for the sole purpose of meeting 
such liabilities; 
(v) 
Holdco delivers any due diligence reports in relation to the Acquisition Target to the extent 
prepared which, in the case of any single acquisition (or series of related acquisitions) the 
Purchase Price of which is equal to or greater than £75,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed), 
must include an independent legal due diligence report in relation to the Acquisition Target 
prepared by appropriately experienced legal advisers and a financial due diligence report in 
relation to the Acquisition Target prepared by an appropriately experienced accountancy firm 
(and Holdco shall use best endeavours to provide reliance letters in respect of such legal and 
financial due diligence reports in form and substance satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee); 
(vi) 
save for any acquisition made in the periods referred to in paragraphs (viii) (A) and (B) below, 
any acquisition made during a Bank Debt Sweep Period or a Cash Accumulation Period is funded 
solely from Retained Excess Cashflow, a New Shareholder Injection, an Investor Funding Loan 
and/or Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
(vii) 
(prior to the completion of the acquisition) the Acquisition Target is not owned directly or 
indirectly by any non-Holdco Group member of the Acromas Group or an Affiliate thereof; and 
(viii) the consideration (including associated costs and expenses and any deferred consideration) for 
the acquisition including any Financial Indebtedness and other actual or contingent liabilities 
remaining in the Acquisition Target or assumed or settled by a member of the Holdco Group at 
the date of the acquisition (together the “Purchase Price”) when aggregated with the Purchase 
Price for any other acquisition made pursuant to this paragraph (d) does not exceed: 
(A) 
in the period until the end of the Financial Year ending 31 January 2014, when 
aggregated with any Joint Venture Investment made during that period, 
£30,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed); 
(B) 
in the Financial Year ending 31 January 2015, when aggregated with any Joint 
Venture Investment made during that period, £60,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed); and 
(C) 
in any three year period after the Closing Date, when aggregated with any Joint 
Venture Investment made during that period, £250,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed); 
(e) 
the acquisition of the issued share capital of a limited liability company or limited liability partnership 
(including by way of formation) which has not traded or incurred any liabilities prior to the date of the 
acquisition;

--- Page 400 ---
379 
(f) 
any acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group of shares and loan notes of directors and employees 
whose appointment and/or contract is terminated, provided that the maximum aggregate consideration 
or principal of all such acquisitions does not exceed £10,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) in any 
period of three years after the Closing Date; 
(g) 
any acquisition pursuant to a Permitted Tax Transaction; 
(h) 
any acquisition required to implement a Permitted Reorganisation; and 
(i) 
any acquisition to which the Obligor Security Trustee has given its prior written consent in accordance 
with the STID. 
“Permitted Business” means the business of: 
(a) 
roadside assistance; 
(b) 
driving services; 
(c) 
media and advertising; 
(d) 
home emergency services; 
(e) 
insurance broking; 
(f) 
financial services intermediation; and 
(g) 
activities which are deemed by the directors of the Borrower to be aligned to the brand of the Borrower 
and/or the strategic objectives of the Holdco Group operating as a whole provided that undertaking such 
activities would not result in a substantial change to the general nature of the business of the Holdco 
Group as conducted at the Closing Date, 
provided that: 
(i) 
(with the exception of the Existing Joint Ventures) the activities set out in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
above shall be undertaken solely within the UK and Ireland and, with respect to the activities set 
out in paragraphs (a) and (f) above only to the extent the same is carried out as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Jersey; and 
(ii) 
without prejudice to any requirement resulting from any change in law or regulation in respect of 
any activity carried on by a member of the Holdco Group which would otherwise be Permitted 
Business, no member of the Holdco Group shall undertake any underwriting or banking or 
financing activities that would require any member of the Holdco Group to comply with 
regulatory capital or capital maintenance requirements (in each case other than any such activities 
to the extent they are carried out as at the Closing Date). 
“Permitted Debt Purchase Party” means any member of the Holdco Group, each Sponsor and Sponsor 
Affiliate. 
“Permitted Disposal” means a Disposal: 
(a) 
of trading stock made by any member of the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of business of the 
disposing entity; 
(b) 
(of any asset (including any shares in a member of the Holdco Group) by a member of the Holdco Group 
(the “Disposing Company”) to another member of the Holdco Group (the “Acquiring Company”), but 
only if:

--- Page 401 ---
380 
(i) 
where the Disposing Company is an Obligor and the Acquiring Company is not an Obligor, the 
Disposal is on arm’s length terms and the aggregate net consideration receivable in respect of any 
such Disposal does not exceed £20,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) in any period of three 
years after the Closing Date; and 
(ii) 
where the Disposing Company is an Obligor and the Acquiring Company is an Obligor, if the 
asset was subject to a Security Interest from the Disposing Company, upon the acquisition it is 
subject to an equivalent Security Interest given from the Acquiring Company; 
(c) 
of assets (other than shares, businesses, Real Property and Intellectual Property) in exchange for other 
assets of comparable or superior quality for use in connection with the Permitted Business; 
(d) 
of vehicles, plant and equipment or other fixed assets which in each case are obsolete or redundant; 
(e) 
of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or in exchange for other Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(f) 
constituted by a licence of intellectual property rights permitted by the CTA; 
(g) 
constituting a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(h) 
arising as a result of any Permitted Security or Permitted Reorganisation; 
(i) 
by a member of Holdco Group compulsorily required by law or regulation having the force of law or 
any order of any government entity made thereunder and having the force of law provided that and to 
the extent permitted by such law or regulation: 
(i) 
such Disposal is made for fair market value; and 
(ii) 
such Disposal does not have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(j) 
of cash in the ordinary course of trading or not otherwise prohibited under the Senior Finance Documents 
(including by way of Restricted Payment); 
(k) 
by way of the granting of easements or wayleaves over Real Property, or any part of them, in the ordinary 
course of trading of the disposing entity; 
(l) 
or any other Disposal approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant 
to the STID (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed— Types 
of Voting Categories—Extraordinary Voting Matters”); 
(m) 
of a Permitted Business (including any shares in any member of the Holdco Group that is a subsidiary 
of the Borrower other than any part of the UK roadside assistance business), provided that unless a 
Qualifying Public Offering has occurred prior to the date of completion of the Disposal (in which case 
the following sub-paragraphs shall not apply): 
(i) 
where the aggregate Disposal Proceeds for that Financial Year are equal to or less than 
£25,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed), the Disposal Proceeds from that Disposal are 
committed for reinvestment in a Permitted Business within 12 months of that Disposal and 
applied in such reinvestment within 18 months of that Disposal or, if not committed within 12 
months and/or applied within 18 months, applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities; 
(ii) 
to the extent aggregate Disposal Proceeds from that Financial Year from Disposals made pursuant 
to this paragraph (m) exceed £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) the excess Disposal 
Proceeds shall be applied in accordance with “Summary of the Common Documents—Common

--- Page 402 ---
381 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Mandatory Prepayment From Disposal Proceeds and 
Insurance Proceeds”; 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraphs (m)(i) and (ii), where a Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting 
all Disposal Proceeds from a Disposal made pursuant to this paragraph (m) shall be applied in 
prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities; 
(n) 
of shares in any member of Holdco Group which is a dormant company for the purposes of the 
Companies Act 2006; 
(o) 
which is a Permitted Tax Transaction; 
(p) 
made in accordance with the PwC Structure Memorandum; 
(q) 
which is a lease or licence of Real Property in the ordinary course of business; 
(r) 
arising under sale/leaseback arrangements up to a maximum capitalised value of £10,000,000 (Indexed) 
(or its equivalent) at any time; and 
(s) 
of any assets that are otherwise permitted to be disposed of pursuant to paragraph (d) or (m) of this 
definition to a limited liability special purpose vehicle established to acquire those assets on behalf of 
the Holdco Group, and the subsequent Disposal of that special purpose vehicle where the assets 
transferred to that special purpose vehicle are the only material assets thereof. 
“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred on the Closing Date under the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
which is Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
(c) 
arising under any Investor Funding Loan; 
(d) 
arising under a Permitted Loan or under or in respect of a Permitted Guarantee, Permitted Joint Venture 
Investment or as permitted by the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Treasury Transactions”); 
(e) 
of any person acquired by a member of the Holdco Group after the Closing Date which is incurred under 
arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or having its maturity 
date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and outstanding only for a period of six 
months following the date of acquisition; 
(f) 
under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or computers, or other assets useful for the 
business of the Holdco Group, provided that the aggregate capital value of all such items so leased under 
outstanding leases by members of the Holdco Group does not exceed £150,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent) at any time subject to the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Financial Indebtedness”); 
(g) 
arising as a result of daylight exposures of any member of the Holdco Group in respect of net balance 
transfer arrangements made available on customary terms to members of the Holdco Group by its banks; 
(h) 
arising under sale/leaseback arrangements to the extent such arrangements are permitted under 
paragraph (r) of the definition of “Permitted Disposal”; 
(i) 
until the Closing Date, the Existing Indebtedness; 
(j) 
the indebtedness incurred by IPCo in relation to the ABF in accordance with the terms of the AA UK 
Pension Agreement;

--- Page 403 ---
382 
(k) 
any other Financial Indebtedness approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution 
pursuant to the STID; and 
(l) 
not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which, when 
aggregated with the aggregate principal amount guaranteed pursuant to paragraph (q) of the definition 
of “Permitted Guarantee”, does not exceed: 
(i) 
£20,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time; or 
(ii) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time. 
“Permitted Guarantee” means: 
(a) 
the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary course of trade; 
(b) 
any performance or similar Note, guarantee or indemnity or undertaking guaranteeing performance by 
a member of the Holdco Group under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business not 
being Financial Indebtedness (including any such contract entered into in undertaking the Permitted 
Business); 
(c) 
any guarantee permitted by the Common Terms Agreement (“Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Financial Indebtedness”); 
(d) 
any guarantee given in respect of the netting or set-off arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph (d) 
of the definition of “Permitted Security”; 
(e) 
any guarantee granted under the Finance Documents; 
(f) 
any guarantee given by a member of the Holdco Group in relation to an Obligor’s obligations provided 
that if the relevant member of the Holdco Group granting the guarantee is not an Obligor it has 
unconditionally and irrevocably waived its rights of subrogation and to require contribution from such 
Obligor thereunder or otherwise subordinated such claims under the STID; 
(g) 
any guarantee by an Obligor of leasehold rental obligations of an Obligor (not being in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness); 
(h) 
any other guarantee approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution; 
(i) 
any indemnity given in the ordinary course of an acquisition or Disposal which is a Permitted Acquisition 
or Permitted Disposal which indemnity is in customary form and subject to customary limitations; 
(j) 
guarantees granted (prior to the relevant acquisition) by persons or undertakings acquired pursuant to a 
Permitted Acquisition (provided that such guarantees are not incurred, increased, or have their maturity 
date(s) extended in contemplation of, or following, the relevant acquisition) for a period of six months 
after the date of completion of the relevant acquisition; 
(k) 
any guarantee which, were it an extension of credit, would be permitted under the definition of 
“Permitted Loan” to the extent that the issuer of the relevant guarantee would have been entitled to make 
a loan in an equivalent amount under the definition of “Permitted Loan” to the person whose obligations 
are being guaranteed (other than a Permitted Loan under paragraph (b) of the definition of “Permitted 
Loan”); 
(l) 
indemnities given in favour of directors and officers of any member of the Holdco Group in respect of 
liabilities they may incur in discharging their duties as such;

--- Page 404 ---
383 
(m) 
indemnities given to professional advisers and consultants in the ordinary course of business or to the 
Rating Agency; 
(n) 
the guarantee dated 26 March 2009 (as amended on 26 March 2012) given by Automobile Association 
Insurance Services Limited to the AA UK Pension Trustees, the guarantees granted to the AA UK 
Pension Trustee under the AA UK Pension Agreement and the guarantee granted to the AA Ireland 
Pension Trustee under the AA Ireland Pension Agreement; 
(o) 
any indemnity granted to the trustee of any employee share option or unit trust scheme, in each case 
related to the Holdco Group; 
(p) 
any guarantee from TAAL in favour of a commercial counterparty or landlord in respect of obligations 
owing to such commercial counterparty or landlord which are novated from TAAL to AADL in 
accordance with the Business Transfer Deed; and 
(q) 
any guarantee not otherwise permitted under the preceding paragraphs, provided the outstanding 
principal amount guaranteed by all such guarantees, when aggregated with the aggregate of all loans 
made under paragraph (l) of the definition of “Permitted Loan”, does not exceed: 
(iii) 
£20,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time; or 
(iv) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time. 
“Permitted Hedge Termination” means the termination of a Hedging Transaction or an OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction permitted in accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
or the Hedging Policy, as applicable. 
“Permitted Investor Payment” means a payment referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Permitted Payment”. 
“Permitted Joint Venture Investment” means: 
(a) 
any investment in any Existing Joint Venture; 
(b) 
any investment in the Joint Venture to be entered into by a member of the Holdco Group with law firms 
practicing personal injury claims in relation to the establishment of an “alternative business structure” 
law firm; and 
(c) 
any other investment in any Joint Venture in respect of which no member of the Holdco Group has 
unlimited liability to contribute funds to the Joint Venture, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
the Joint Venture carries on its principal business in the United Kingdom, Ireland or, in respect of 
the Existing Joint Ventures, France and Belgium; 
(ii) 
the Joint Venture is engaged in a Permitted Business; 
(iii) 
save for any investment made in the period from the Closing Date until the end of the Financial 
Year ending 31 January 2015, any Joint Venture Investment made during a Bank Debt Sweep 
Period or a Cash Accumulation Period is funded solely from Retained Excess Cashflow, a New 
Shareholder Injection, an Investor Funding Loan, Additional Financial Indebtedness or Joint 
Venture Receipts;

--- Page 405 ---
384 
(iv) 
the aggregate of all amounts subscribed for shares in, lent to, or invested in all such Joint Ventures 
by any member of the Holdco Group (each such subscription, loan, investment being a “Joint 
Venture Investment”) does not exceed £30,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed) in any three 
year period after the Closing Date; 
(v) 
no Trigger Event is subsisting or would result from making of that Joint Venture Investment; and 
(vi) 
no Sponsor and no Affiliate of any of the Sponsors or of any member of the Holdco Group has 
any interest in that Joint Venture. 
“Permitted Loan” means: 
(a) 
any trade credit extended by any member of the Holdco Group to its customers, tenants or licensees, on 
normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of trade; 
(b) 
a loan that is a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(c) 
a loan made by an Obligor to another Obligor or made by a member of the Holdco Group which is not 
an Obligor to another member of the Holdco Group (provided that any such loan from a member of the 
Holdco Group that is not an Obligor to an Obligor is subordinated pursuant to the STID); 
(d) 
any loan made by an Obligor to a member of the Holdco Group which is not an Obligor so long as the 
aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans does not exceed £25,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; 
(e) 
a loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an employee or director of any member of the Holdco 
Group, or a loan to a trust or special purpose vehicle to fund the acquisition of shares and loan notes of 
directors and employees whose appointment and/or contract is terminated, or any employee share 
scheme or unit trust scheme, if the principal amount of that loan (when aggregated with the amount of 
all other loans made pursuant to this paragraph by members of the Holdco Group) does not exceed 
£5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; 
(f) 
any loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an Excluded Group Entity in accordance with the 
Class A Restricted Payments Condition which is permitted to be made under the CTA; 
(g) 
a loan pursuant to a facility agreement entered into by AA Corporation Limited or any other member of 
the Holdco Group in connection with a marketing collaboration agreement with AA Cars or any of its 
Affiliates to facilitate the entry by the Holdco Group into the used car sales market; provided that the 
total commitments under such facility agreement shall at no time exceed £1,000,000; 
(h) 
any loans described in the PwC Structure Memorandum; 
(i) 
any deferred consideration in respect of a Permitted Disposal in an amount not exceeding the lower of 
£10,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) and 20% of the sale consideration; 
(j) 
any other loans or grant of credit approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution; 
(k) 
any loan from the Borrower to the Issuer funded from Retained Excess Cashflow, Additional Financial 
Indebtedness, New Shareholder Injection or Investor Funding Loan for the purpose of crediting the 
Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account for the purposes of satisfying the minimum liquidity requirements 
set out in the CTA; and 
(l) 
any loan not permitted pursuant to one of the proceeding paragraphs so long as the aggregate amount of 
the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans does not exceed £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) 
at any time.

--- Page 406 ---
385 
“Permitted Payment” means any payment: 
(a) 
to Automobile Association Insurance Company Limited (Gibraltar) or AA Reinsurance Company 
Limited (Guernsey) for the purpose of providing Capital Resources to such entity to ensure that it meets 
its Regulatory Capital Requirements at the relevant time, provided the aggregate of all such payments 
made pursuant to this paragraph while any Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities are outstanding does not 
exceed £40,000,000 and provided that, in respect of each such payment: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger Event 
Ratio Level; 
(ii) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the payment is made; and 
(iii) 
the payment is made within 90 days of the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate; 
(b) 
to any Excluded Group Entity other than pursuant to paragraph (a) above provided that: 
(i) 
either no amounts under the Senior Term Facility are outstanding or a Qualifying Public Offering 
has occurred; 
(ii) 
unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred, no Cash Accumulation Period is continuing; 
(iii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger Event 
Ratio Level; 
(iv) 
the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as at the most recent Test Date to EBITDA in respect of the 
Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro forma for such payment does not exceed 
5.5:1; 
(v) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the payment is made; 
(vi) 
the payment is funded from Retained Excess Cashflow or Additional Financial Indebtedness; and 
(vii) 
the payment is made within 90 days of the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate 
delivered (x) with Financial Statements (where the payment is funded from Retained Excess 
Cashflow) or (y) pursuant to the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Covenants—Information Covenants—Compliance Certificate”) (where the 
payment is funded from Additional Financial Indebtedness); 
(c) 
under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility provided that either: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger Event 
Ratio Level and no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the payment is made; 
or 
(ii) 
the payment is funded from amounts referred to in and made in accordance with “Summary of 
the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—
Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit Facility”), 
and in either case the payment is made on a Loan Interest Payment Date in respect of a Class A IBLA 
falling on or prior to the Final Maturity Date in respect of that Class B Authorised Credit Facility; or 
(d) 
to any Class A Authorised Credit Provider under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility in accordance 
with the Senior Finance Documents. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means:

--- Page 407 ---
386 
(a) 
a reorganisation, on a solvent basis, involving the business or assets of, or shares of (or equivalent 
ownership interests in), any member of the Holdco Group (other than Holdco, Intermediate Holdco, the 
Borrower and AA Corporation) where: 
(i) 
no CTA Event of Default is subsisting or would result from the reorganisation; 
(ii) 
all of the business, assets and shares of (or other equivalent ownership in) the relevant member 
of the Holdco Group continue to be owned directly or indirectly by Holdco in the same or a 
greater percentage as prior to such reorganisation save for: 
(A) 
the shares of (or equivalent ownership interests in) any member of the Holdco Group 
which has been merged into another member of the Holdco Group or which has otherwise 
ceased to exist (including by way of the collapse of a solvent partnership or solvent 
winding up of a corporate entity) as a result of a reorganisation which is otherwise 
permitted in accordance with this definition; or 
(B) 
the business, assets and shares of (or equivalent ownership interests in) relevant members 
of the Holdco Group which cease to be owned: 
(I) 
as a result of a Permitted Disposal or merger permitted under, but subject always 
to the terms of the Senior Finance Documents; or 
(II) 
as a result of a cessation of business or solvent winding-up of the relevant member 
of the Holdco Group in conjunction with a distribution of all or substantially all of 
its assets remaining after settlement of its liabilities to its immediate shareholder(s) 
or other persons directly holding equivalent ownership interests in it; or 
(III) 
as a result of a Disposal of shares (or equivalent ownership interests) in a member 
of the Holdco Group required to comply with applicable laws, provided that any 
such Disposal is limited to the minimum amount required to comply with such 
applicable laws; and 
(iii) 
the Obligor Secured Creditors (or the Obligor Security Trustee on their behalf) will continue to 
have the same or substantially equivalent guarantees and security (ignoring for the purpose of 
assessing such equivalency any security from any entity which has ceased to exist as 
contemplated in sub-paragraph (a)(ii)(A) above) over the same or substantially equivalent assets 
and shares (or equivalent ownership interests) than over any shares (or equivalent ownership 
interests) which have ceased to exist as contemplated in sub-paragraph (a)(ii)(A) above), in each 
case to the extent such assets, shares or equivalent ownership interests are not disposed of as 
permitted under, but subject always to, the terms of the Senior Finance Documents; 
provided that, in all cases: 
(A) 
in the case of any transfer of shares, such shares are subject to security in favour of the 
Obligor Secured Creditors (or the Obligor Security Trustee on their behalf) which is 
equivalent to any security applicable to such shares immediately prior to such 
reorganisation; 
(B) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall receive: 
(I) 
a copy of all relevant corporate authorisations of relevant member of the Holdco 
Group authorising the reorganisation; and

--- Page 408 ---
387 
(II) 
a copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance 
(including the execution (or re-execution) of any Obligor Security Document) 
which the Obligor Security Trustee may specify in connection with the entry into 
and implementation of the reorganisation; 
(b) 
the reorganisation of TAAL’s business in Jersey on the terms contained in the Business Transfer Deed; 
(c) 
implementation of the ABF on terms which conform in all material respects to the terms applicable to 
those documents as described in schedule 3 of the AA UK Pension Agreement; 
(d) 
any reorganisation contemplated by the PwC Structure Memorandum; and 
(e) 
any other reorganisation involving one or more members of the Holdco Group approved by the Obligor 
Security Trustee in accordance with the STID. 
“Permitted Security” means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents; 
(b) 
with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, any Security Interests granted in favour of the 
Partnership in all material respects in accordance with the terms set out in the AA UK Pension Agreement 
Securing Financial Indebtedness owed by IPCo to the Partnership in respect of the ABF in an amount 
not exceeding £200,000,000; 
(c) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading 
and not as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Holdco Group; 
(d) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Holdco Group with an Acceptable 
Bank in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit 
balances of members of the Holdco Group but only so long as (i) such arrangement does not permit 
credit balances of Obligors to be netted or set-off against debit balances of members of the Holdco Group 
which are not Obligors and (ii) such arrangement does not give rise to other Security Interests over the 
assets of Obligors in support of liabilities of members of the Holdco Group which are not Obligors 
(except in the case of (i) and (ii), to the extent such netting, set off or Security Interest relates to or is 
granted in support of, a loan permitted pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of “Permitted Loan”); 
(e) 
rights of set-off existing in the ordinary course of trading between any member of the Holdco Group and 
its customers; 
(f) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Holdco 
Group after the Closing Date if: 
(i) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that 
asset by a member of the Holdco Group; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition 
of that asset by a member of the Holdco Group; and 
(iii) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security is removed or discharged within 6 months of the date of 
acquisition of such asset; 
(g) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a 
member of the Holdco Group after the Closing Date, where the Security Interest or quasi-security is 
created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Holdco Group if:

--- Page 409 ---
388 
(i) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that 
company; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of 
that company; and 
(iii) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security is removed or discharged within 6 months of that company 
becoming a member of the Holdco Group; 
(h) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional 
sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a member of the 
Holdco Group in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier’s standard or usual terms and not 
arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Holdco Group; 
(i) 
any quasi-security arising as a result of a Disposal which is a Permitted Disposal; 
(j) 
any Security or quasi-security arising under any escrow arrangements put in place in relation to 
consideration payable by a member of the Holdco Group in respect of a Permitted Acquisition; 
(k) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising as a consequence of any finance or capital lease permitted 
pursuant to paragraph (e) of the definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”; 
(l) 
any netting or set-off arrangement under any ISDA Master Agreement entered into in respect of any 
Hedging Transaction or Treasury Transaction for the purposes of determining its obligations by reference 
to its net exposure under that agreement (and for the avoidance of doubt, not as a credit support provider 
under any such agreement); 
(m) 
any netting or set-off arrangement or quasi-security constituting a Permitted Transaction; 
(n) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising in the ordinary course of trade over documents of title or 
goods as part of a letter of credit transaction or in respect of other Permitted Financial Indebtedness; 
(o) 
any Security over any rental deposits in respect of any Real Property leased or licensed by a member of 
the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of business; 
(p) 
any Security over documents of title and goods as part of a documentary credit transaction; 
(q) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over bank accounts (other than the Designated Accounts) of a 
member of the Holdco Group in favour of the account holding bank with whom that member of the 
Holdco Group maintains a banking relationship in the ordinary course of trade and granted as part of 
that bank’s standard terms and conditions; 
(r) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID 
Resolution; 
(s) 
any Security Interest arising under statute or by operation of law in favour of any government, state or 
local authority in respect of taxes, assessments or government charges which are being contested by the 
relevant member of the Holdco Group in good faith and with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(t) 
any Security Interest created in respect of any pre-judgment legal process or any judgment or judicial 
award relating to security for costs, where the relevant proceedings are being contested in good faith by 
the relevant member of the Holdco Group by appropriate procedures and with a reasonable prospect of 
success; 
(u) 
any Security Interest in respect of the existing Financial Indebtedness provided such Security Interests 
are discharged in full on the Closing Date;

--- Page 410 ---
389 
(v) 
any Security Interest which has been registered with the Registrar of Companies of England and Wales 
in respect of Financial Indebtedness which was irrevocably paid and discharged in full and all related 
commitment cancelled and in relation to which there is no obligation on the relevant creditor to provide 
any further financial accommodation provided that Holdco shall procure that the relevant member of the 
Holdco Group registered as chargor uses its best endeavours to file a statement with the Registrar of 
Companies of England and Wales that the whole of the property charged has been released from the 
charge in the form of Form OSMG03 (or another equivalent form) as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the Closing Date; 
(w) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement; and 
(x) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security securing indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which 
(when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit 
of Security Interest given by any member of the Holdco Group other than any permitted under 
paragraphs (a) to (w) above) does not exceed: 
(i) 
£20,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; or 
(ii) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent) at any time; 
but, in each case other than paragraphs (a) and (b), excluding any such Security Interest or quasi-security over 
any Intellectual Property. 
“Permitted Share Issue” means: 
(a) 
an issue of shares by Holdco to its immediate Holding Company paid for in full in cash upon issue and 
which by their terms are not redeemable; 
(b) 
any issue of shares by a member of the Holdco Group to another member of the Holdco Group, provided 
that if the shares of the issuer are subject to a Security Interest under the Obligor Security Documents 
the newly issued shares are made subject to the same Security Interest within 45 days of their issuance; 
(c) 
where the issue is described in the PwC Structure Memorandum or constitutes a Permitted Transaction; 
(d) 
any issue of shares by a member of the Holdco Group that has been acquired pursuant to paragraph (e) 
of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition” provided that such member of the Holdco Group has not 
traded prior to such issue and does not own any assets at the time of such issue and provided that, upon 
such issue, that member of the Holdco Group ceases to be a Subsidiary of Holdco; and 
(e) 
any other issue of shares approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution. 
“Permitted Tax Transaction” means any Group Relief transaction or payment for Group Relief or agreement 
relating to any tax benefit or relief or any other agreement in relation to tax between any Security Group 
Company and any other member of the AA Group (including without limitation, (a) any payment (i) from any 
Security Group Company to AA Limited of an amount that would otherwise be due from that Security Group 
Company to HMRC on account of that Security Group Company’s corporation tax liability or (ii) from AA 
Limited to any Security Group Company of an amount that would otherwise be due from HMRC to that Security 
Group Company on account of a repayment of corporation tax or (b) any payment between any Security Group 
Company and AA Limited in relation to such Security Group Company’s membership of the AA VAT Group) 
or between any Security Group Company and a member of the Saga Group, in each case subject to and in 
accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
“Permitted Transaction” means:

--- Page 411 ---
390 
(a) 
any Disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or Security Interest or 
quasi-security given, or other transaction arising, under the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
arrangements constituting a Permitted Reorganisation; 
(c) 
where necessary to comply with tax or other legislation, any conversion of Subordinated Intragroup 
Liabilities into distributable reserves or, if required to so comply, registered share capital; provided that 
where the Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities were subject to a Security Interest under the Obligor 
Security Documents the share capital that Subordinated Intragroup Liability is converted into is subject 
to the same, or materially similar, Security Interest within 60 days of the conversion; 
(d) 
any Permitted Tax Transaction; or 
(e) 
any other transaction approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant 
to the STID. 
“personal member” means an individual who directly subscribes for roadside assistance coverage directly 
through a membership agreement with us within the B2C market. 
“personal member market” means the market made up of individuals that directly subscribe for or purchase 
roadside assistance cover or other products and services. 
“Potential Class A Note Event of Default” means any event which, with the lapse of time and/or the giving 
of any notice and/or the making of any determination (in each case where the lapse of time and/or giving of 
notice and/or determination is provided for in the terms of such Class A Note Event of Default, and assuming 
no intervening remedy), will become a Class A Note Event of Default. 
“Potential CTA Event of Default” means any event which, with the lapse of time and/or the giving of any 
notice and/or the making of any determination (in each case where the lapse of time and/or giving of notice 
and/or determination is provided for in the terms of such CTA Event of Default, and assuming no intervening 
remedy), will become a CTA Event of Default. 
“PPF” means Pension Protection Fund. 
“PP Note Issuer” means such member of the Holdco Group which issues PP Notes from time to time. 
“PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement” means an ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro 
Forma Hedging Agreement to the Hedging Policy (as amended from time to time) entered into by the PP Note 
Issuer and a PP Note Issuer Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect 
at the time each relevant PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction is entered into) and which governs the PP Note 
Issuer Hedging Transactions between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA 
Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the PP Note Issuer Hedging Transactions entered into 
under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
“PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt 
governed by a PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement and entered into with the PP Note Issuer in accordance with 
the Hedging Policy. 
“PP Note Purchase Agreement” means a note purchase agreement pursuant to which the PP Note Issuer issues 
PP Notes from time to time. 
“PP Note SCR Agreement” means each secured creditor representative agency deed authorising a party to act, 
and be named in the relevant accession memorandum, as Secured Creditor Representative for the relevant PP 
Noteholders.

--- Page 412 ---
391 
“PP Note Secured Creditor Representative” means any other person who is appointed as Secured Creditor 
Representative for PP Noteholders and authorised to act as such under a PP Note SCR Agreement. 
“PP Noteholders” means those institutions which hold PP Notes from time to time. 
“PP Notes” means the privately placed notes issued by the PP Note Issuer from time to time under and pursuant 
to a PP Note Purchase Agreement. 
“PPNIBLA” means any loan agreement entered into between the PP Note Issuer and the Borrower from time 
to time. 
“PRA” means Prudential Regulation Authority or any successor from time to time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in relation to a Note or Sub-Class, the original face value thereof 
less any repayment of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Sub-Class. 
“Principal Paying Agents” means the Class A Principal Paying Agent and/or the Class B Principal Paying 
Agent, as the case may be. 
“Programme” means the £5,000,000,000 multicurrency Note programme established under, or otherwise 
contemplated in, the Dealership Agreement. 
“Programme Limit” means £5,000,000,000. 
“Prospectus” means (a) the prospectus relating to the Class A Notes prepared in connection with the 
Programme and constituting (in the case of Class A Notes to be listed on a Stock Exchange), to the extent 
specified in it, a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, supplemented or 
amended from time to time by the Issuer and, in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms shall be deemed to be included in the Prospectus and (b) any additional standalone or drawdown 
prospectus that may be prepared by the Borrower and the Issuer from time to time in connection with the 
issuance of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament. 
“PwC Structure Memorandum” means the structure and tax memorandum entitled “Project Acorn-Proposed 
Refinancing of Debt” by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated 1 July 2013. 
“QIB” or “qualified institutional buyer” has the meaning given to it in Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors” means each Obligor Secured Creditor to which Qualifying Obligor 
Junior Secured Liabilities are owed, acting through its Secured Creditor Representative(s). 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” means, at any time: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class B IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility at such time; and 
(c) 
following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in 
respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and the matters described in the STID only, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of that OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice” means, in respect of any matter which is not the 
subject of a STID Proposal or an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice 
and except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, an instruction to the Obligor Security Trustee 
from any Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor which by itself or together with any other Qualifying Obligor

--- Page 413 ---
392 
Secured Creditor(s) is or are owed Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities having an aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of at least 20% (or such other percentage as may be required pursuant to the Common Terms 
Agreement) of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors” means (a) each Obligor Secured Creditor to which Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities are owed, acting through its Secured Creditor Representative(s) and (b) each Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty for the purposes of paragraph (c) of the definition of “Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities”. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” means, at any time: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class A IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under each other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including any 
PP Note Purchase Agreement where the Borrower is the PP Note Issuer or PPNIBLA constituting a Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility but excluding any Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Borrower Hedging 
Agreements) at such time; 
(c) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty and 
the matters described under “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities ” only, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the Issuer 
Hedging Transactions of that Issuer Hedge Counterparty at such time; 
(d) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty 
and the matters described under “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities ” only, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the 
Borrower Hedging Transactions of that Borrower Hedge Counterparty at such time; and 
(e) 
prior to the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in 
respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and the matters described under “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities ” 
only, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of the OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Public Offering” means a listing of all or any part of the share capital of Holdco or any of the 
Holding Companies of Holdco (other than any such Holding Company that is also a Holding Company of the 
Saga Group) on any recognised investment exchange (as that term is defined in the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (England and Wales)) or other exchange or market in any jurisdiction or country, provided 
that: 
(a) 
the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA for the most recent Test Period (calculated on a pro forma basis 
to take account of any prepayment of the Obligor Secured Liabilities from the proceeds of such listing 
(but not taking account of such proceeds in the calculation of Total Net Debt to the extent that such 
proceeds are not applied in prepayment) and to take into account any Restricted Payment to be made on 
or around completion of that listing to the extent funded by Cash or Cash Equivalent Investments of the 
Holdco Group) is less than 4.25:1; and 
(b) 
the Ratings Agency confirmed, on or about the time of the offering, in a form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee, that the rating of the Class A Notes would, following the 
proposed listing, be BBB or higher. 
“RAO” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (as amended). 
“Rating Agency” means S&P and any successor.

--- Page 414 ---
393 
“Rating Confirmation” in respect of a proposed action means a confirmation in writing by the Rating Agency 
from time to time (who gives such Rating Confirmations as a part of its mandate), in respect of each Class or 
Sub-Class of the relevant Notes, to the effect that the then rating on such Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
would not be reduced below the lower of (a) the Initial Rating of such Notes or (b) the then current credit rating 
(before the proposed action). 
“Real Property” means: 
(a) 
any freehold, leasehold or immovable property; and 
(b) 
any buildings, fixtures, fittings, fixed plant or machinery from time to time situated on or forming part 
of that freehold, leasehold or immovable property. 
“Recast Insolvency Regulation” means EC Regulation No. 848/2015 on Insolvency Proceedings. 
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager, receiver and manager or Administrative Receiver who (in the case of 
an Administrative Receiver) is a qualified person in accordance with the Insolvency Act 1986 and who is 
appointed: 
(a) 
by the Obligor Security Trustee under the Obligor Security Documents in respect of the whole or any 
part of the Obligor Security; 
(b) 
by the Issuer Security Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge in respect of the whole or any part of the 
Issuer Security; or 
(c) 
by the Obligor Security Trustee, under the Topco Security Documents in respect of whole or part of the 
Topco Security. 
“Registered Definitive Note” means a Class A Registered Definitive Note or a Class B Registered Definitive 
Note. 
“Registered Note” means a Class A Registered Note or a Class B Note. 
“Registrars” means the Class A Registrar and/or the Class B Registrar, as the case may be. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S adopted by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under 
the Securities Act. 
“Regulation S Global Note” means a Class A Regulation S Global Note or a Class B Regulation S Global 
Note. 
“Regulations” means (a) in respect of the Class A Notes, the regulations concerning the transfer of Class A 
Notes as the same may be promulgated from time to time by the Issuer and approved by the Class A Registrar 
and the Class A Note Trustee (the initial such regulations being set out in the Class A Agency Agreement) and 
(b) in respect of the Class B Notes, the regulations concerning the transfer of Class B Notes as the same may 
be promulgated from time to time by the Issuer and approved by the Class B Registrar and the Class B Note 
Trustee (the initial such regulations being set out in the Class B Agency Agreement). 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID, has the meaning 
given to that term in clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of Restricted Cash, means in relation to an Authorised Person the 
minimum Capital Resources which it is required to maintain at a solo level and a consolidated level (i)

--- Page 415 ---
394 
under INSPRU 6, GENPRU 2.1 or MIPRU 4.2 as applicable or, if greater, (ii) pursuant to individual 
capital guidance given by the PRA and/or the FCA, as the case may be; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of the definition of Permitted Payment, means such capital requirements as are imposed 
on Automobile Association Insurance Company Limited (Gibraltar) or AA Reinsurance Company 
Limited (Guernsey) and any other member of the AA Group which is a regulated entity by any regulatory 
authority of any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Relevant Debt” means any principal amount outstanding (without double counting) under the Class A Notes, 
the Class A IBLA, any debt under any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and any other debt incurred by 
the Issuer, the Borrower and/or the PP Note Issuer from time to time that bears interest at a floating rate and is 
denominated in a Foreign Currency and bears interest at a fixed rate and in either case that ranks pari passu 
with the foregoing debt (other than (i) any Liquidity Facility, (ii) any Hedging Agreement, (iii) any OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement, (iv) any amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee, (v) any 
amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee and (vi) any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower). 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Class A Note, the financial centre specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Relevant Rate is most 
closely connected as determined by the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable). 
“Relevant Interbank Market” means the London interbank market. 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means, in relation to an Obligor: 
(a) 
its jurisdiction of incorporation; 
(b) 
any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or intended to be subject to the Obligor Security Documents 
to be created by it is situated; 
(c) 
any jurisdiction where it conducts its business; and 
(d) 
the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any of the Obligor Security Documents entered into 
by it. 
“Relevant State” means any member state of the EEA or the United Kingdom. 
“Relevant Transaction” means any transaction between the parties which is subject to the clearing obligation 
pursuant to Article 4 of EMIR. 
“Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date” means the date by which the transaction is or was required 
to be Cleared under and in accordance with EMIR. 
“repeat business” means income from renewing personal members and insurance customers, multi-year 
business roadside assistance contracts and driving services contracts, and driving school franchisees that 
contribute to revenue. 
“Reporting Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Test Date in respect of which Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco Group are 
prepared, 150 days following the relevant Test Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Test Date in respect of which Semi-Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco Group 
are prepared, 90 days following the relevant Test Date. 
“Representative” means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, attorney, trustee or custodian.

--- Page 416 ---
395 
“Required Accumulation Percentage” means, in respect of any Cash Accumulation Period, the percentage of 
Projected Excess Cashflow (as specified in the relevant Authorised Credit Facility) required to be deposited 
into the Excess Cashflow Account on each applicable date in accordance with “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow Account”. 
“Required Sweep Percentage” means, in respect of a Cash Sweep Payment Date, the percentage of Excess 
Cashflow (as specified in the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility with a then-existing Bank Debt Sweep 
Period) required to be applied towards prepaying the Outstanding Principal Amount under the relevant Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility on that Cash Sweep Payment Date, subject to and in accordance with the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Requisite Rating” means, in respect of any person, such person’s long term unsecured debt obligations being 
rated by the Rating Agency at least BBB+ or such lower rating as may be agreed between the Borrower and the 
Rating Agency; provided that any such lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing 
on “credit watch negative” (or equivalent) of the then current ratings of the Class A Notes. 
“Reservations” means: 
(a) 
the principle that equitable remedies are remedies which may be granted or refused at the discretion of 
the court, the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, 
reorganisation, court schemes, moratoria, administration and other laws generally affecting the rights of 
creditors; 
(b) 
the time barring of claims under applicable limitation laws (including the Limitation Acts), the 
possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or to indemnify a person against non-payment of 
stamp duty may be void, defences of set off or counterclaim; and 
(c) 
any other general principles which are set out as qualifications as to matters of law in any Opinion. 
“Reserved Matters” means matters which, subject to the STID and the CTA, an Obligor Secured Creditor is 
free to exercise in accordance with its own debt instrument, including 
(a) 
to receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, 
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance Document to which it is a party 
as permitted pursuant to the terms of the CTA and the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
to make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the provisions 
of the Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as permitted by the terms of the CTA, the STID 
and the Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance Documents are consistent 
with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(c) 
to exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms of 
the CTA, the STID and the other Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance 
Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(d) 
to receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the Finance 
Documents or otherwise; 
(e) 
to assign its rights or transfer any of its rights and obligations under any PP Notes or any other Authorised 
Credit Facility to which it is a party subject to the provisions of the STID; 
(f) 
in the case of each Hedge Counterparty and each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, (i) to terminate the 
relevant Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction 
thereunder provided such termination is a Permitted Hedge Termination or to terminate the relevant

--- Page 417 ---
396 
Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction thereunder 
in part and amend the terms of the Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement to reflect such partial termination or (ii) to exercise rights permitted to be exercised by it 
under a Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
in the case of the AA UK Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or to 
enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA UK Pension 
Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted under the STID; and 
(h) 
in the case of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or 
to enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA Ireland 
Pension Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted by the STID. 
“Restricted Cash” means cash held by any member of the Holdco Group to the extent that depriving such 
member of the Holdco Group of that cash would cause any Authorised Person in the Holdco Group to fail to 
satisfy its Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
“Restricted Payment” means: 
(a) 
any payment (in cash or in kind) of a dividend, charge, fee or other distribution on or in respect of its 
shares or share capital (or any class of it), any funds from any of their premium account or any 
management, advisory, servicing or other fee or any other payment by an Obligor to or to the order of 
any Excluded Group Entity; 
(b) 
any payment or repayment of interest, principal, fees of other amounts under any Investor Funding Loan 
or other loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an Excluded Group Entity; or 
(c) 
any payment of any amount under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Restricted Person” means a person that is: (i) listed on, or owned or controlled by a person listed on any 
Sanctions List; (ii) located in, incorporated under the laws of, or owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, 
a person located in or organised under the laws of a country or territory that is the target of country-wide 
Sanctions; or (iii) otherwise a target of Sanctions. 
“Retail Price Index” means the all items retail prices index for the United Kingdom published by the Office 
for 
National 
Statistics 
as 
made 
available 
by 
the 
Bank 
of 
England 
(at 
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/inflationreport/irlatest.htm) or if the retail prices index ceases to 
exist, such other indexation procedure as the Obligor Security Trustee may approve on recommendation of the 
Holdco Group Agent. 
“Retained Excess Cashflow” means, at any time, the cumulative aggregate amount of Excess Cashflow 
released and made available to the Holdco Group in respect of any Financial Year, to the extent unspent at that 
time and in determining such cumulative aggregate amount: 
(a) 
Excess Cashflows shall only be included for a Financial Year in which a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies 
to the extent such Excess Cashflow is released and made available to the Holdco Group from the Excess 
Cashflow Account after the Loan Interest Payment Date falling in July in accordance with the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
Excess Cashflow shall only be treated as released and available to the Holdco Group for a Financial Year 
in which no Bank Debt Sweep Period applies on the Loan Interest Payment Date falling in July following 
that Financial Year after providing for and/or discharging out of such Excess Cashflow all amounts then 
owing under the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and for so long as such Excess Cashflow

--- Page 418 ---
397 
is not required to be applied on that Loan Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Rule Set” means, with respect to a CCP Service, the relevant rules, conditions, procedures, regulations, 
standard terms, membership agreements, collateral addenda, notices, guidance, policies or other such 
documents promulgated by the relevant CCP and amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings UK Limited or any successor to its rating business. 
“Saga Group” means Saga Leisure Limited and its subsidiaries. 
“Saga Pension Scheme” means the Saga Group pension and life assurance scheme which is currently governed 
by a trust deed and rules dated 18 August 2003 (as amended). 
“Sanctions” means any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or similar or equivalent restrictive 
measures administered, enacted or enforced by: (i) the United States; (ii) the United Nations; (iii) the European 
Union; (iv) the United Kingdom; (v) Ireland or (vi) the respective governmental institutions and agencies of 
any of the foregoing, including, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury 
(“OFAC”), the United States Department of State, the United Nations Security Council and Her Majesty’s 
Treasury (together the “Sanctions Authorities”). 
“Sanctions List” means the “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” list issued by OFAC, the 
Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and Investment Ban List issued by Her Majesty’s Treasury, or 
any similar list issued or maintained or made public by any of the Sanctions Authorities. 
“Scheme” means court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 used to 
implement the Acquisition. 
“Second Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 2 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (b) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed” means the supplemental note trust deed dated 29 January 
2021 and made between the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee. 
“Secured Creditor Representative” means the representative of an Obligor Secured Creditor or Topco Secured 
Creditor appointed in accordance with the STID. 
“Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
“Secured Pensions Liabilities” means the AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities and the AA Ireland Secured 
Pensions Liabilities. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Security Group” means Topco and each Subsidiary of Topco. 
“Security Group Companies” means each of the Issuer, Topco and each member of the Holdco Group and 
Security Group Company means any of them.

--- Page 419 ---
398 
“Security Interest” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation 
of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Semi-Annual Financial Statements” means the financial statements delivered pursuant to Paragraph (a)(ii) 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—Information Covenants—
Financial Statements”. 
“Senior Finance Document” means: 
(a) 
any Class A IBLA; 
(b) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(c) 
any STF Finance Documents; 
(d) 
any WCF Finance Documents; 
(e) 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(f) 
the Borrower Hedging Agreements; 
(g) 
the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements; 
(h) 
the Obligor Security Documents; 
(i) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(j) 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(k) 
any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(l) 
(i) any fee letter, commitment letter, arrangement letter, or request entered into in connection with the 
facilities referred to in paragraphs (a), (c), (d), (e) and (k) above or the transactions contemplated in such 
facilities and (ii) any other document that has been entered into in connection with such facilities or the 
transactions contemplated thereby that has been designated as a Senior Finance Document by the parties 
thereto (including at least one Obligor); 
(m) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
(n) 
each agreement or other instrument designated as a Senior Finance Document by the Holdco Group 
Agent, the Obligor Security Trustee and, if applicable, such Additional Obligor Secured Creditor in the 
accession memorandum for such Additional Obligor Secured Creditor; and 
(o) 
any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to any of the above documents. 
“Senior Finance Party” means a Class A Authorised Credit Provider or any other person which is a Finance 
Party under a Class A Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Senior Term Facility” means the senior term facility provided under the Senior Term Facility Agreement. 
“Senior Term Facility Agreement” means the senior term credit facility entered into on 26 February 2021 
between, amongst others, the Borrower, the STF Agent, the STF Arrangers and the STF Lenders, as amended, 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time, including as amended on 24 September 2021 and on 10 
February 2023. 
“Seventh Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 9 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and

--- Page 420 ---
399 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (g) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Share Enforcement Event” means the events set forth in the Class B IBLA which permit the Obligor Security 
Trustee acting upon the instructions of the Topco Secured Creditors under and in accordance with the STID, to 
enforce the Topco Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Documents. 
“Sixth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 6(a) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (e)(ii) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Small company” means a company that qualifies as small pursuant to section 382(3) of the Companies Act. 
“SMCR” means collectively, the Senior Managers Regime and the Certification Regime. 
“Solvency II” means the EU Solvency II Directive (2009/138/EC). 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate displayed on the relevant screen of any 
authorised distributor of that reference date. 
“Special Mandatory Redemption Event” means, for the purposes of Class A Condition 7(l) (“Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes—Special Mandatory Redemption”), an event which shall occur when the Issuer 
does not deliver a certificate to the Class A Note Trustee certifying that the Escrow Release Conditions have 
been satisfied prior to the Escrow Longstop Date and accordingly the Escrow Property is not released from the 
Escrow Account. 
“Specified Currency” means, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, euro, sterling, U.S. 
dollars and such other currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Note Trustee and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Specified Denomination” means in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the denomination or 
denominations of such Class A Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to any Agent, either the office identified with its name in the relevant 
Final Terms or any other office notified to any relevant parties pursuant to any Agency Agreement. 
“Sponsor Affiliate” means: 
(a) 
each Sponsor and each of their Affiliates; 
(b) 
any trust of which a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates is a trustee, any partnership of which any Sponsor 
or any of their Affiliates is a partner and any trust, fund or other entity which is managed by, or is under 
the control of, any Sponsor or any of their Affiliates provided that; 
(i) 
any such trust, fund or other entity which has been established primarily for the purpose of 
making, purchasing or investing in loans or debt securities and which is managed or controlled 
by the Sponsors (or any of their respective direct or indirect subsidiaries which conduct the same 
or similar business as the Sponsors) independently from all other trusts, funds or other entities

--- Page 421 ---
400 
managed or controlled by a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates which have been established for the 
primary or main purpose of investing in the share capital of companies; 
(ii) 
any such trust, fund or other entity which has been established for at least six months primarily 
for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans or debt securities and which is 
managed or controlled independently from all other trusts, funds or other entities managed or 
controlled by a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates which have been established for the primary or 
main purpose of investing in the share capital of companies; 
(c) 
shall not constitute a Sponsor Affiliate; and 
(d) 
any other person who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal) with a 
Sponsor or any of their Affiliates, actively co-operates with a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates to enter 
into a Debt Purchase Transaction. 
“Sponsors” means: 
(a) 
Warburg Pincus LLC and TowerBrook Capital Partners (U.K.) LLP; and/or 
(b) 
any fund, partnership or other entity managed and controlled by any of the persons referred to in 
paragraph (a) above or their Affiliates. 
“Stabilising Manager” means in connection with the issue of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, one or more 
relevant Dealers who undertake stabilisation action. 
“Standby Drawing” means a drawing made under the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement (i) as a result of a 
downgrade of a Liquidity Facility Provider below the Requisite Rating or (ii) in the event that the Liquidity 
Facility Provider fails to renew its commitment. 
“Sterling” and “£” means the lawful currency for the time being of the U.K. 
“STF Agent” means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
“STF Arrangers” means Citibank N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs 
International, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as mandated lead arrangers.  
“STF Finance Document” means Senior Term Facility Agreement, the fee letters in respect of or in relation to 
the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Common Documents and any other document designated as such by 
the STF Agent and the Holdco Group Agent. 
“STF Lenders” means the lenders under the Senior Term Facility. 
“STF Underwriters” Citibank N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs Lending 
Partners LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc.  
“STID” means the security trust and intercreditor deed between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Borrower, the 
initial Obligors, the Obligor Security Trustee, each Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee entered into on 
2 July 2013. 
“STID Proposal” means a proposal or request made by the Holdco Group Agent in accordance with the STID 
proposing or requesting the Obligor Security Trustee to concur in making any modification, giving any consent 
or granting any waiver under or in respect of any Common Document. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Dublin or any other or further stock exchange(s) on which any Class A 
Notes may from time to time be listed, and references to the “relevant Stock Exchange” shall, in relation to

--- Page 422 ---
401 
any Class A Notes, be references to the Stock Exchange on which such Notes are, from time to time, or are 
intended to be, listed. 
“Sub-Class” means, with respect to the Class A Notes, those Class A Notes which are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Class A Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Price, such Sub-Class comprising one or more Sub-Classes of Class A Notes. 
“Sub-Class A1 Notes” means the 4.72% Sub-Class A1 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 2018 
issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A2 Notes” means the 6.269% Sub-Class A2 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2025 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A3 Notes” means the 4.25% Sub-Class A3 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 2020 
issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A4 Notes” means the 3.781% Sub-Class A4 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2019 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A5 Notes” means the 2.875% Sub-Class A5 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 January 
2022 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A6 Notes” means the 2.75% Sub-Class A6 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 2023 
issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A7 Notes” means the 4.88% Sub-Class A7 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 2024 
issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A8 Notes” means the 5.500% Sub-Class A8 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2027 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A9 Notes” means the 3.250% Sub-Class A9 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2028 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A10 Notes” means the 7.375% Sub-Class A10 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2029. 
“Sub-Class A11 Notes” means the 8.450% Sub-Class A11 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 
January 2028. 
“Subordinated Hedge Amounts” means any termination payment due or overdue to: 
(a) 
a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; 
(b) 
an Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; or 
(c) 
an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, 
which arises as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement 
or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, as applicable) where the relevant Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured 
Hedging Agreement, as applicable). 
“Subordinated Intragroup Creditor” means the Borrower, Holdco, each other Obligor, Autowindshields 
(UK) Limited and any other member of the Holdco Group which is a party or accedes to the STID as a 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor.

--- Page 423 ---
402 
“Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities” means all present and future liabilities at any time of any Obligor to a 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness. 
“Subordinated Investor” means each Investor which is party, or accedes, to the STID as a Subordinated 
Investor. 
“Subordinated Investor Liabilities” means all present and future liabilities at any time of Holdco to a 
Subordinated Investor, in respect of any Investor Debt. 
“Subordinated Liquidity Amount” means the proportion of any amount of interest payable in respect of any 
Liquidity Drawing which is attributable to the step-up margin. 
“Subscription Agreement” means an agreement supplemental to the Dealership Agreement (by whatever name 
called) substantially in the form set out in the Dealership Agreement or in such other form as may be agreed 
between, among others, the Issuer and the Lead Manager or one or more Dealers (as the case may be). 
“Subsidiary” means: 
(a) 
a subsidiary within the meaning of section 1159 (and Schedule 6) of the Companies Act 2006; 
(b) 
unless the context otherwise requires, a “Subsidiary Undertaking” within the meaning of section 1162 
(and Schedule 7) of the Companies Act 2006; 
(c) 
in respect of any Obligor, a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 155 of the Companies Act 1963 of 
Ireland; 
(d) 
in respect of the Issuer, a subsidiary within the meaning of Articles 2 and 2A of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991; 
provided that, for the purposes of the Common Terms Agreement the Issuer shall not be considered to be a 
subsidiary of Holdco or any member of the Holdco Group. 
“Successor” means, in relation to the Principal Paying Agents, the other Paying Agents, the Registrars, the 
Transfer Agents, the Class A Agent Bank and the Calculation Agent, any successor to any one or more of them 
in relation to the Class A Notes of the relevant Class which shall become such pursuant to the provisions of the 
Class A Note Trust Deed, Class B Note Trust Deed, the Class A Agency Agreement and/or Class B Agency 
Agreement (as the case may be) and/or such other or further principal paying agent, paying agents, reference 
banks, registrar, transfer agent, agent bank and calculation agent (as the case may be) in relation to the Class A 
Notes as may from time to time be appointed as such, and/or, if applicable, such other or further specified 
offices (in the case of the Principal Paying Agents and the Registrars being within the same city as the office(s) 
for which it is substituted) as may from time to time be nominated, in each case by the Issuer and the Obligors, 
and (except in the case of the initial appointments and specified offices made under and specified in the Class 
A Conditions, Class B Conditions, the Class A Agency Agreement and/or Class B Agency Agreement, as the 
case may be) notice of whose appointment or, as the case may be, nomination has been given to the Noteholders. 
“TAAL” means The Automobile Association Limited, a limited liability company registered in Jersey with the 
registration number 73356. 
“TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date” means the date on which the final transfer of the business, 
assets and undertakings of TAAL to AADL completes in accordance with the Business Transfer Deed. 
“TAAL Share Security Agreement” means the security interest agreement dated 2 July 2013 between AA 
Corporation Limited and the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the shares in TAAL.

--- Page 424 ---
403 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
“Tax” means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any related 
penalty or interest) and Taxes, taxation, taxable and comparable expressions will be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Covenantors” means AA Limited, Topco, Holdco, AA Acquisition Co Limited, the Borrower, AA 
Corporation Limited and the Issuer. 
“Tax Deed of Covenant” means the deed dated 2 July 2013 between (among others) the Tax Covenantors, the 
Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and amended and restated on 30 January 
2015 regulating certain tax related issues including, but not limited to, group payment arrangements, VAT tax 
grouping, tax de-grouping and Group Relief. 
“TDC Breach” means any breach of a covenant, representation, warranty or other obligation contained in the 
Tax Deed of Covenant, provided that any matter or circumstance (the “Relevant Matter or Circumstance”) 
which would, ignoring paragraphs (a) to (e) below, result in a TDC Breach shall not give rise to a TDC Breach 
to the extent that: 
(a) 
the Relevant Matter or Circumstance arises as a result of entering into the ABF; 
(b) 
AA Limited has made any payment(s) fully in compliance with the Tax Deed of Covenant which 
compensate(s) for the effect of such Relevant Matter or Circumstance; 
(c) 
AA Limited compensates the relevant Security Group Company (or procures that it is compensated) in 
accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant in such a way that the Security Group Companies are left in 
the same overall economic position that they would have been in had the Tax liability not arisen and the 
Relevant Matter or Circumstance not occurred; 
(d) 
the aggregate Tax liabilities for which any Security Group Company has or could (including, without 
limitation, upon a subsequent enforcement over the shares in any Security Group Company) become 
liable as a result of the Relevant Matter or Circumstance (together with any other matters or 
circumstances arising in the period of three years prior to the Relevant Matter or Circumstance which 
would, ignoring paragraphs (a) to (e), result in a TDC Breach) are equal to or less than £25.0 million; or 
(e) 
the Finance Parties have consented to any action undertaken by any person which gives rise to the 
Relevant Matter or Circumstance in advance and in writing in response to a request for consent setting 
out all material details of the nature of the potential breach and a quantification of the Tax liabilities that 
would arise in consequence of such breach.  
“Technical Provisions” means the amount required, on an actuarial calculation, to make provision for the 
scheme's liabilities as calculated in accordance with section 222 of the Pensions Act 2004. 
“Test Date” means 31 January and 31 July in each year or such other dates as may be agreed as a result of a 
change in Accounting Reference Date (and associated change in the calculation of financial covenants) relating 
to any Obligor and the Holdco Group. 
“Test Period” means the 12 month period ending on a Test Date. 
“Third Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 3 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, there shall be no Third Facility Fee payable,

--- Page 425 ---
404 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Topco” means AA Mid Co Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales with 
registered number 5088289. 
“Topco Payment Undertaking” means the English law deed of undertaking dated 2 July 2013 between Topco, 
the Issuer and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Topco Secured Creditor” means: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(b) 
the Issuer; 
(c) 
each other Class B Authorised Credit Provider; 
(d) 
any Receiver or Administrative Receiver appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the 
Topco Security; and 
(e) 
each Facility Agent under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Topco Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of Topco to any Topco Secured Creditor under each Topco Transaction Document. 
“Topco Secured Property” means the whole of the right, title, benefit and interest of Topco in the property, 
rights and assets of Topco secured by or pursuant to the Topco Security. 
“Topco Security” means the Security Interests constituted by the Topco Security Documents. 
“Topco Security Agreement” means the English law security agreement dated 2 July 2013 between Topco and 
the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Topco Security Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Topco Security Agreement; 
(b) 
the STID and each deed of accession thereto, together with any agreement or deed supplemental to the 
STID; 
(c) 
any document evidencing or creating security over any asset of Topco to secure any obligation of Topco 
to a Topco Secured Creditor in respect of any Topco Secured Liabilities; and 
(d) 
any other document or agreement designated as a “Topco Security Document” by Topco, the Issuer and 
the Obligor Security Trustee, 
or any of them, as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Topco Transaction Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Topco Payment Undertaking; 
(b) 
the Topco Security Documents; 
(c) 
any accession memorandum in respect of an additional Topco Secured Creditor; and 
(d) 
any other document designated as a “Topco Transaction Document” by a Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Total Class A Net Debt” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of members of the Holdco 
Group for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness incurred in connection with the Class A IBLA, the Senior

--- Page 426 ---
405 
Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility and any other Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities that ranks pari passu with, or senior to, the Class A IBLA, the Senior Term Facility, the Working 
Capital Facility and the Liquidity Facility at that time but: 
(a) 
excluding any such obligations to any other member of the Holdco Group; 
(b) 
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Holdco Group at that time; and 
(c) 
excluding any liabilities under any Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once. 
“Total Debt Service Charges” means, in respect of any relevant period, the amount equal to: 
(a) 
the aggregate of (i) any accrued interest (whether paid or not or capitalised) and scheduled amortisation 
of principal (whether paid or not) payable by any member of the Holdco Group in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness incurred by any member of the Holdco Group; and (ii) any fees, commission, 
costs, discounts, premiums, charges or any other finance payments payable by any member of the Holdco 
Group in respect of any Financial Indebtedness incurred by any member of the Holdco Group, in each 
case disregarding any amount not permitted to be paid pursuant to the Common Documents; less 
(b) 
any interest received on any bank accounts or in respect of Cash Equivalent Investments by any member 
of the Holdco Group during such relevant period. 
“Total Net Debt” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of members of the Holdco Group 
for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness at that time but: 
(a) 
excluding any such obligations to any other member of the Holdco Group; 
(b) 
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Holdco Group at that time; 
(c) 
excluding any such obligations under any Investor Funding Loan that is subordinated pursuant to the 
STID; and 
(d) 
excluding any liabilities under any Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once. 
“TowerBrook” means TowerBrook Capital Partners (U.K.) LLP. 
“TowerBrook Funds” means funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates. 
“Transaction Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
the Issuer Transaction Documents; and 
(c) 
the Topco Transaction Documents. 
“Transfer Agent” means, in relation to all or any relevant Registered Notes, the several institutions at their 
respective specified offices initially appointed as transfer agents in relation to such Notes by the Issuer pursuant

--- Page 427 ---
406 
to the relative Agency Agreement or, if applicable, any Successor transfer agents at their respective specified 
offices in relation to all or any Registered Notes. 
“Treasury Transaction” means any currency or interest rate purchase, cap or collar agreement, forward rate 
agreement, interest rate agreement, index linked agreement, interest rate or currency or future or option contract, 
foreign exchange or currency purchase or sale agreement, interest rate swap, currency swap, commodity swap 
or combined similar agreement or any derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from fluctuations 
in any rate or price. 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Union. 
“Trigger Event Ratio Level” means 1.35:1.00. 
“U.S.” means the United States of America. 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” or “$” means the lawful currency for the time being of the U.S. 
“UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
“UK GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the UK. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament in relation to the 
UK, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 
“UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations” means the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 
(SI 2006/1030). 
“UTCCR” means the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended, together with 
(in so far as applicable) the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994. 
“Utilisation” means a loan under an Authorised Credit Facility or a Letter of Credit. 
“VAT” (a) in respect of any agreement which contains a definition of VAT, has the meaning given thereto in 
such agreement; and (b) in any other case, means value added tax as imposed by VATA and legislation and 
regulations supplemental thereto and includes any other tax of a similar fiscal nature whether imposed in the 
UK (instead of, or in addition to, value added tax) or elsewhere from time to time. 
“VAT Group” means a group for the purposes of the VAT Grouping Legislation. 
“VAT Grouping Legislation” means sections 43 to 43D VATA and the Value Added Tax (Groups: Eligibility) 
Order 2004. 
“VATA” means the Value Added Tax Act 1994. 
“Volcker Rule” means section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as implemented by the U.S. 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, together with the rules, regulations and 
published guidance promulgated thereunder. 
“Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” means the Outstanding Principal Amount actually voted by 
the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“Warburg Pincus” means Warburg Pincus LLC. 
“Warburg Pincus Funds” means private equity funds managed by Warburg Pincus or its affiliates. 
“WCF Agent” means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc.

--- Page 428 ---
407 
“WCF Arrangers” means Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A., London Branch, Goldman Sachs International 
and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as mandated lead arrangers.  
“WCF Finance Documents” means the Working Capital Facility Agreement, any ancillary facility 
documentation, the fee letters in respect of and in relation to the Working Capital Facility Agreement, the 
Common Documents and any other document designated as such by the WCF Agent and the Holdco Group 
Agent. 
“WCF Lenders” means the lenders under the Working Capital Facility. 
“WCF Loan” means a loan made or to be made under any Working Capital Facility Agreement or the principal 
amount outstanding for the time being of that loan. 
“WCF Permitted Change of Control” means a WCF Change of Control under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement which occurs as a result of an enforcement of the security granted under the Topco Security 
Agreement or a purchaser gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a sale pursuant to an 
enforcement of the security granted under the Topco Security Agreement. 
“WCF Underwriters” means Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A., London Branch, Goldman Sachs Lending 
Partners LLC and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc.  
“Working Capital” means the amount equal to the difference between the current assets and the current 
liabilities as shown in the management accounts prepared in relation to any accounting period of 3 months 
(excluding, (a) when determining the amount of current assets, Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the 
Holdco Group and (b), when determining the amount of current liabilities: (i) any amounts in respect of interest 
costs payable by the Holdco Group; and (ii) any amounts in respect of Capital Expenditure required to be paid 
or reserved during such period). 
“Working Capital Facility” means each facility made available to the Borrower for the working capital 
purposes of the Holdco Group. 
“Working Capital Facility Agreement” means the working capital facility entered into on 26 February 2021 
between, amongst others, the Borrower, the WCF Agent, the WCF Arrangers and the WCF Lenders and each 
facility agreement pursuant to which a Working Capital Facility is made available to the Borrowers, as amended, 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time, including as amended on 24 September 2021. 
“Working Time Directive” means Directive 2003/88/EC. 
“Working Time Regulation” means the UK Working Time Regulations 1998, as amended. 
“XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means, in respect of Relevant Debt denominated in a certain 
Foreign Currency, an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which at least one transaction calculation amount 
is denominated in such Foreign Currency.

--- Page 429 ---
408 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ ...................................................................... ix, 406 
£ ...................................................................... ix, 400 
€ ...................................................................... ix, 350 
1999 Regulations ............................................ 99, 323 
2013 Valuation ................................................ 38, 323 
2016 Valuation ......................................................323 
2018 Senior Term Facility ....................................323 
2018 Working Capital Facility ..............................323 
2019 Valuation ......................................................323 
2022 Valuation ......................................................323 
30/360 ...................................................................282 
30E/360 .................................................................282 
360/360 .................................................................282 
AA ........................................................................323 
AA Charitable Trust ................................................82 
AA Corporation ....................................................323 
AA Group ................................................... v, 80, 323 
AA Intermediate Co Limited ................................323 
AA Ireland ............................................................323 
AA Ireland Pension Agreement ............................323 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme ........................... 91, 323 
AA Ireland Pension Trustee ..................................323 
AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities ..............323 
AA Limited ...........................................................323 
AA Pension Schemes ............................................323 
AA Pension Trustees .............................................323 
AA Senior Co Limited ..........................................323 
AA UK Pension Agreement ............................ 40, 324 
AA UK Pension Scheme ................................. 91, 324 
AA UK Pension Trustee .................................. 38, 324 
AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities ....................324 
AADL ..................................................... 93, 116, 324 
AAISL .......................................................... 118, 324 
AAPMP .......................................................... 39, 324 
AAUIC..................................................................324 
AAUICL .................................................................25 
AAUL ............................................................. 93, 324 
AAUSL ........................................................... 93, 324 
ABF ................................................................ 38, 324 
ABF Implementation Date ....................................324 
ABF Intercreditor Deed ........................................324 
ABF Security Agreement ......................................324 
ABF Transaction Documents ................................324 
Acceptable Bank ...................................................324 
Account Bank .......................................................325 
Accountholder.......................................................278 
Accounting Principles ...........................................325 
Accounting Reference Date ..................................325 
Acquiring Company ..............................................379 
Acquisition ............................................................325 
Acquisition Target .................................................377 
Acromas Group .....................................................325 
Act ........................................................................308 
ACTA ....................................................................325 
Actual/360 ............................................................282 
Actual/365 ............................................................281 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................282 
Actual/Actual ........................................................281 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..........................................281 
Additional Class A Note Amounts ........................325 
Additional Class B Note Amounts ........................325 
Additional Financial Indebtedness ........................325 
Additional Obligor Secured Creditor ....................326 
Additional Termination Events .............................163 
Adjourned Voting Date .........................................271 
Administrative Receiver .......................................326 
Affected Issuer Secured Creditor ..........................326 
Affected Obligor Secured Creditor .......................326 
Affiliate .................................................................326 
Agency Agreement ...............................................327 
Agent ....................................................................327 
Agents ........................................................... 243, 327 
Aggregate Available Liquidity ..............................327 
Aggregate Hedged Amount ..................................166 
all of its rights .......................................................327 
Annual Financial Statements ................................327 
Anticipated Cost Savings ......................................327 
Assigned Agreements ...........................................214 
Associated Break Costs ........................................196 
Authorisations .......................................................327 
Authorised Credit Facility ....................................327 
Authorised Credit Provider ...................................327 
Authorised Person .................................................327 
AVA.........................................................................84 
Available Enforcement Proceeds ..........................327 
AVAs .....................................................................327 
Bank ......................................................................307 
Bank Debt Sweep Period ......................................328 
Bank Instructing Group ........................................328 
Base Currency .......................................................328 
Base Prospectus ................................................ i, 298 
Basel Committee .....................................................68 
Basel II ..................................................................328 
Basel III .......................................................... 68, 328 
Basel IV ..................................................................68 
Basing Topco ........................................................328 
Bearer Global Note ...............................................287 
Beneficial Owner ..................................................294 
BEPS .......................................................................77 
Bidco ......................................................... 9, 108, 328 
Block Voting Instruction ............................... 279, 328 
Blocked Class A Notes ..........................................329 
Blocked Note ........................................................279 
Board ....................................................................103 
Borrower ....................................................... 211, 329 
Borrower Account Bank ................................. 14, 329 
Borrower Account Bank Agreement .....................329 
Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account .............155

--- Page 430 ---
409 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties .............................13 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty ........................ 13, 329 
Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium ..............329 
Borrower Hedging Agreement ........................ 13, 329 
Borrower Hedging Transaction .............................329 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account ......329 
Borrower Liquidity Shortfall ................................329 
BSM ................................................................ 87, 330 
Bund Rate .............................................................254 
business customer .................................................330 
Business Day ................................................ 280, 330 
Business Day Convention .....................................280 
business market .....................................................330 
business partner ....................................................330 
Business Transfer Deed ........................................330 
C Rules .................................................................312 
Calculation Agency Agreement ............................330 
Calculation Agent .................................................330 
Calculation Amount ..............................................280 
Calculation Period ................................................281 
Call Date ......................................................... 18, 262 
Capital Expenditure ..............................................330 
Capital Resources .................................................330 
CARE....................................................................330 
Cash ......................................................................330 
Cash Accumulation Period ....................................331 
Cash Available to the Borrower ............................331 
Cash Available to the Issuer ..................................331 
Cash Equivalent Investments ................................331 
Cash Manager .......................................................332 
Cash Sweep Payment Date ...................................332 
CCA ........................................................................96 
CCP .......................................................................332 
CCP Service ..........................................................332 
Central Bank ............................................ iii, xiv, 332 
CFO ......................................................................104 
CGB ......................................................................332 
Charterhouse .........................................................332 
Chief Financial Officer .........................................332 
Class .....................................................................332 
Class A Agency Agreement ........................... 243, 332 
Class A Agent ........................................................332 
Class A Agent Bank ...................................... 243, 332 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility ........................332 
Class A Authorised Credit Provider ......................332 
Class A Authorised Credit Providers.......................12 
Class A Basic Terms Modification ........................270 
Class A Bearer Definitive Note .............................333 
Class A Bearer Note ..............................................333 
Class A Bearer Notes ........................................ v, 245 
Class A Closing Date ............................................333 
Class A Conditions .................................. xv, 243, 333 
Class A Coupon.....................................................333 
Class A Couponholder ..........................................333 
Class A Couponholders .........................................246 
Class A Coupons ...................................................246 
Class A Default Ratio Level ..................................333 
Class A Definitive Note ........................................333 
Class A Exchange Agent .......................................334 
Class A Extraordinary Resolution .........................334 
Class A FCF DSCR ...............................................334 
Class A Global Note ..............................................334 
Class A IBLA ............................................ 1, 208, 334 
Class A IBLA Advance ............................................ 1 
Class A IBLA Sub-Advance .................................... 1 
Class A IBLAs .................................................. 1, 208 
Class A Initial Interest Rate .......................... 280, 334 
Class A Instructing Group .....................................334 
Class A Interest Commencement Date .......... 280, 334 
Class A Interest Determination Date ............. 280, 334 
Class A Interest Rate ..................................... 281, 334 
Class A Note .........................................................334 
Class A Note Acceleration Notice ................. 267, 335 
Class A Note Event of Default ........................ 22, 266 
Class A Note Interest Amount ...............................335 
Class A Note Interest Amounts .............................251 
Class A Note Interest Payment Date .....................335 
Class A Note Interest Period ......................... 281, 335 
Class A Note Relevant Date ..................................335 
Class A Note Trust Deed ......................... 16, 243, 335 
Class A Note Trustee ................................. v, 243, 335 
Class A Noteholder ................................. 11, 246, 335 
Class A Noteholder, holder ...................................336 
Class A Noteholders ................................................ 11 
Class A Notes ................................. i, v, 243, 245, 335 
Class A Ordinary Resolution .................................336 
Class A Paying Agent ..............................................14 
Class A Paying Agents .................................. 243, 336 
Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note ................336 
Class A Principal Paying Agent ........ 14, 70, 243, 336 
Class A Receipt .....................................................336 
Class A Receiptholder ...........................................336 
Class A Receiptholders .........................................246 
Class A Receipts ...................................................246 
Class A Register ............................................ 246, 336 
Class A Registered Definitive Note .............. 290, 336 
Class A Registered Global Note ............................337 
Class A Registered Note .......................................337 
Class A Registered Notes .................................. v, 245 
Class A Registrar........................................... 243, 337 
Class A Regulation S Global Note .................. vi, 337 
Class A Relevant Matter .......................................181 
Class A Restricted Payment Condition .................337 
Class A Revised Interest Rate ....................... 281, 337 
Class A Talon ........................................................337 
Class A Talons .......................................................246 
Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note ................337 
Class A Total Debt Service Charges ......................337 
Class A Transfer Agent ................................. 243, 338 
Class A U.S. Paying Agent....................................338 
Class A Voting Matter ................................... 281, 338 
Class B Additional Notes ......................................339 
Class B Agency Agreement ..................................339 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility .......................339 
Class B Authorised Credit Provider ......................339 
Class B Call Option ................................................21

--- Page 431 ---
410 
Class B Call Option Notice ...................................228 
Class B Call Option Period ...................................229 
Class B Call Option Trigger Event .......................229 
Class B Closing Date ............................................341 
Class B Conditions ...............................................339 
Class B Definitive Note ........................................339 
Class B Discretion Matter .....................................174 
Class B Extraordinary Resolution .........................339 
Class B Global Note .............................................339 
Class B IBLA ........................................................339 
Class B Loan Event of Default .............................238 
Class B Note Acceleration Notice .........................339 
Class B Note Event of Default ..............................340 
Class B Note Trust Deed .......................................340 
Class B Note Trustee ............................................340 
Class B Noteholder ...............................................340 
Class B Notes ........................................................340 
Class B Offering Circular .....................................340 
Class B Paying Agent ...........................................340 
Class B Payment Amount .....................................240 
Class B Principal Paying Agent ............................340 
Class B Register ....................................................340 
Class B Regulation S Definitive Note ..................341 
Class B Regulation S Global Note ........................341 
Class B Relevant Matter .......................................182 
Class B Rule 144A Definitive Note ......................341 
Class B Rule 144A Global Note ...........................341 
Class B STID Proposal .........................................173 
Class B Transfer Agents ........................................341 
Class B Voting Matter ...........................................341 
Class B3 Conditions .............................................341 
Class B3 IBLA .............................................. 234, 341 
Class B3 Loan .......................................................234 
Class B3 Loan Adjustment Date ...........................235 
Class B3 Loan Interest Rate ..................................235 
Class B3 Loan Maturity Date ...............................235 
Class B3 Note Adjustment Date ...........................235 
Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date .......................235 
Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date ...................341 
Class B3 Note Interest Rate ..................................235 
Class B3 Notes .............................................. 234, 341 
Class B3 Offering Circular ...................................341 
Cleared ..................................................................341 
Clearing System Business Day .............................292 
Clearing Systems .......................................... 293, 342 
Clearstream, Luxembourg............................... vi, 342 
Closing Date .........................................................342 
COBS ...................................................... 95, 296, 342 
Code .............................................................. 264, 342 
COMI .............................................................. 54, 342 
Commission .......................................................... viii 
Commodity Hedge Counterparty ..........................342 
Commodity Hedging Transaction .........................342 
Common Depositary .............................................342 
Common Documents ............................................342 
Common Safekeeper .............................................342 
Common Terms Agreement .............................. 4, 342 
Community ..................................................... 32, 342 
Companies Act ......................................................342 
Comparable German Bund Issue ..........................255 
Comparable German Bund Price ..........................255 
Comparable Treasury Issue ...................................256 
Comparable Treasury Price ...................................256 
Compliance Certificate .........................................342 
CONC ............................................................. 95, 342 
ConsortiumCo ............................................... 108, 342 
Continuing Notional Amount ........................ 166, 167 
Continuing Transaction ................................. 165, 166 
Contribution Notice ..............................................342 
controlled functions ................................................98 
CPO ........................................................................87 
CRA .............................................................. 100, 342 
CRD ........................................................................68 
CSF .........................................................................27 
CSi ........................................................................306 
CTA .......................................................... 4, 244, 342 
CTA Default ..........................................................342 
CTA Event of Default ...........................................148 
CVC ......................................................................343 
D Rules .................................................................312 
Day Count Fraction ...............................................281 
Dealer...................................................................... iii 
Dealers ................................................ ii, iii, 244, 343 
Dealership Agreement........................... 244, 311, 343 
Debt Purchase Transaction ....................................343 
Debt Service Payment Account ............................154 
Debt Service Reserve Account .............................343 
Debtor .....................................................................58 
Decision Commencement Date.............................173 
Decision Period ............................................. 173, 343 
Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds ............192 
Defeasance Account ..............................................155 
Defeased Cash Note Purchase ..............................343 
Deferred Interest Amount .....................................235 
Definitive Note ............................................. 288, 343 
Demand Notice .....................................................240 
Deposited Class A Notes .......................................343 
Designated Account ..............................................155 
Designated Accounts ............................................215 
Designated Website ...............................................127 
Determination Date ....................................... 281, 343 
Determination Period ............................................281 
Developing Businesses ...........................................83 
Direct Participants ................................................293 
Direction Notice....................................................343 
Discharge of all Debt ............................................164 
Discretion Matter ..................................................344 
Disposal ................................................................344 
Disposal Proceeds .................................................344 
Disposing Company ..............................................379 
Disruption Event ...................................................344 
Dissenting Creditors .............................................171 
Distressed Disposal ...............................................344 
Distressed Disposal Resolution ............................187 
Distribution Compliance Period ........................... 311 
Distribution Date ..................................................344

--- Page 432 ---
411 
distributor ................................................... iii, iv, 296 
dollars ..................................................................... ix 
Drawdown Prospectus ...................................... v, 243 
Early Termination Date .........................................344 
EAT .......................................................................344 
EBITDA................................................................344 
ECJ .......................................................................346 
EEA ................................................................ iii, 296 
EMIR ....................................................................346 
Employer ........................................................ 37, 346 
ENBP ............................................................ 100, 347 
Enforcement Action ..............................................346 
Enforcement Instruction Notice ............................183 
English Obligor .......................................................59 
Enterprise Act ................................................. 57, 347 
Entrenched Right STID Proposal .........................270 
Entrenched Rights .................................................347 
Environment .........................................................349 
Environmental Claim ............................................349 
Environmental Law ..............................................349 
Environmental Permits .........................................349 
Equity Cure ...........................................................128 
Equity Cure Amount .............................................127 
Equivalent Amount ...............................................349 
ERISA ...................................................................349 
ERISA Affiliate .....................................................349 
Escrow Account ............................................ 262, 349 
Escrow Agent ................................................ 262, 349 
Escrow Agreement ........................................ 262, 349 
Escrow Longstop Date ..........................................349 
Escrow Property............................................ 262, 350 
Escrow Release Conditions .......................... 263, 350 
Escrow Secured Property ................................ 67, 277 
Escrow Security ....................................................350 
Escrow Security Deed of Charge ..........................349 
ESG .........................................................................29 
EU ................................................................... 30, 350 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................... v, 350 
EUR ................................................................ ix, 350 
euro ..........................................................ix, 282, 350 
Euroclear ......................................................... vi, 350 
Euronext Dublin.............................................. iii, 350 
EuroNote Basis .....................................................282 
European Union ....................................................350 
EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement ..........350 
EUWA .............................................. iv, 296, 313, 350 
EV ...........................................................................87 
EVs .........................................................................33 
Excess Above 110% ...................................... 166, 167 
Excess Cashflow ...................................................350 
Excess Cashflow Account .....................................154 
Excess Notional Amount .............................. 165, 167 
Excess Transaction ........................................ 165, 166 
Exchange Rate ......................................................351 
Excluded Group Entity .........................................352 
Excluded Insurance Proceeds ...............................352 
Excluded Tax ........................................................352 
Existing Facilities .................................................352 
Existing Indebtedness ...........................................352 
Existing Joint Venture ...........................................352 
Expected Maturity Date ................................ 282, 353 
Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements
 ..............................................................................271 
Extraordinary Resolution ......................................353 
Extraordinary STID Resolution .................... 171, 353 
Extraordinary Voting Matters................................353 
Facility Agent .......................................................354 
Facility Fees ..........................................................354 
Facility Interest Payment Date ..............................191 
Fairness Opinion ...................................................354 
FATCA .......................................................... 264, 354 
FCA ............................................................ v, 93, 354 
FCF .......................................................................354 
Federal Reserve System ........................................256 
Fifth Facility Fee...................................................355 
Final Maturity Date ....................................... 282, 355 
Final Terms ............................................... v, 243, 355 
Finance Documents ..............................................355 
Finance Party ........................................................355 
Financial Adviser .......................................... 255, 355 
Financial Indebtedness ..........................................355 
Financial Services ...................................................89 
Financial Statements .............................................356 
Financial Support Direction ..................................356 
Financial Year .......................................................356 
First Facility Fee ...................................................356 
First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed........356 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes......................................243 
Fixed Rate Note ....................................................357 
Following Business Day Convention ....................250 
Foreign Currency .............................................. 5, 162 
Form of Transfer ...................................................357 
Fourth Facility Fee ................................................357 
FSMA .................................. iv, 15, 94, 296, 313, 357 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice ...............183 
GAR .......................................................... 25, 99, 357 
GBP ........................................................................ ix 
GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction ....... 166, 357 
GBP LIBOR ............................................................ ix 
GDPR.............................................................. 31, 357 
GEC ......................................................................105 
GENPRU ........................................................ 95, 357 
GFSC ......................................................................93 
GIPP .......................................................................88 
Global Note ...........................................................357 
GMPs ......................................................................38 
Governmental Authority .......................................357 
Gross Redemption Yield ............................... 227, 254 
Group ....................................................................... v 
Group Relief .........................................................357 
G-SIBs ....................................................................68 
Hedge Counterparties ..................................... 13, 357 
Hedge Counterparty ........................................ 13, 357 
Hedge Excess ................................................ 166, 167 
Hedging Agreement ..............................................357 
Hedging Policy ........................................................ 5

--- Page 433 ---
412 
Hedging Transaction .............................................357 
HM Revenue & Customs ......................................357 
HMRC .................................................... 73, 308, 357 
Holdco .............................................................. v, 357 
Holdco Group ............................................. v, 10, 357 
Holdco Group Agent ....................................... 10, 357 
Holdco Security Group ...........................................10 
holder ....................................................................246 
Holder ...................................................................246 
holder of the Class A Notes ...................................336 
Holding Company .................................................357 
IAS 39 ...................................................................357 
IASB .....................................................................357 
IBLA Advance ......................................................358 
ICE ..........................................................................33 
ICO .......................................................................358 
ICOBS ............................................................ 95, 358 
ICSDs....................................................................358 
IDD ................................................................... iii, 95 
IDD Order ....................................................... 95, 358 
IFRS ......................................................................358 
IGAs .....................................................................310 
IHP ........................................................................358 
Illegality Event......................................................209 
IMF .........................................................................24 
Indexed .................................................................358 
Indirect Participants ..............................................293 
Individual Exchange Date .....................................291 
Information Memorandum ....................................358 
Information Package .............................................358 
Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties .................358 
Initial Class A IBLA .............................................358 
Initial Class B IBLA .............................................358 
Initial Dealers........................................................358 
Initial Liquidity Facility Agent .............................358 
Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement .....................358 
Initial Liquidity Facility Providers........................358 
Initial Rating .........................................................358 
Insolvency Act ......................................................359 
Insolvency Event ..................................................359 
Insolvency Official ...............................................359 
Insolvency Proceedings ........................................360 
Insolvency Regulation ..........................................360 
INSPRU ................................................................360 
Instalment Amount ................................................251 
Instalment Date .....................................................360 
Instalment Note .....................................................360 
Instructing Group ..................................................360 
Insurance ...............................................................360 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..................... iii, 360 
Insurance Mediation Directive ..............................360 
Insurance Proceeds ...............................................360 
Insurer ...................................................................360 
Intellectual Property ..............................................360 
Intercreditor Arrangements ............................... 4, 169 
Interest Payment Date ...........................................282 
Interest Period .......................................................360 
Interest Rate ..........................................................235 
Interest Rate Hedging Transaction ........................361 
Intermediate Holdco .............................................361 
Investment Company Act.................................. x, 361 
Investor .................................................................361 
Investor Debt ........................................................361 
Investor Funding Loan ..........................................361 
Investor Report .....................................................361 
IPCo ................................................................ 38, 361 
IPO ........................................................................361 
IRB Approach .........................................................68 
Ireland ...................................................................361 
Irish Obligor .........................................................361 
Irish Security Agreement ......................................361 
Irish Share Pledge .................................................361 
ISDA Master Agreement .......................................361 
Issue Date ..................................................... 282, 361 
Issue Price .............................................................361 
Issuer ....................................................... iii, 243, 362 
Issuer Account ......................................................362 
Issuer Account Bank ....................................... 14, 362 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement ................... 244, 362 
Issuer Accounts ............................................. 233, 362 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement ....................362 
Issuer Cash Manager .............................................362 
Issuer Charged Documents ...................................362 
Issuer Class A Transaction Documents ......... 244, 362 
Issuer Class B Transaction Documents .................362 
Issuer Common Documents ..................................362 
Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement ............. 229, 362 
Issuer Corporate Officer Provider ................. 229, 362 
Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account ...................363 
Issuer Deed of Charge ................................... 243, 363 
Issuer Financials ................................................... 111 
Issuer Hedge Counterparties ........................... 14, 244 
Issuer Hedge Counterparty ............................. 14, 363 
Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium ....................363 
Issuer Hedging Agreement .............................. 14, 363 
Issuer Hedging Agreements ..................................244 
Issuer Hedging Transaction ..................................363 
Issuer Insolvency Event ................................ 282, 363 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement ........364 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider ............364 
Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement ...............364 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account............364 
Issuer Liquidity Shortfall ......................................364 
Issuer Payment Priorities ......................................364 
Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments .....225 
Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments .......231 
Issuer Profit Amount .............................................364 
Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right ............364 
Issuer Secured Creditors ................. 12, 224, 244, 365 
Issuer Secured Liabilities ......................................365 
Issuer Secured Property ................................ 224, 277 
Issuer Security .............................. 224, 243, 248, 365 
Issuer Security Document .....................................365 
Issuer Security Enforcement Notice .....................267 
Issuer Security Trustee ............................ 13, 243, 365 
Issuer Senior Debt .................................................365

--- Page 434 ---
413 
Issuer Senior Secured Creditors ............................366 
Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities ..........................366 
Issuer Transaction Accounts .................................366 
Issuer Transaction Documents ..............................366 
IT .................................................................... 26, 366 
Jersey Bankruptcy Law ...........................................56 
Jersey Companies Law ...........................................56 
Joint Venture .........................................................366 
Joint Venture Investment ......................................384 
Joint Venture Receipts ..........................................366 
Junior Finance Document .....................................366 
Junior Finance Party .............................................366 
LDI .........................................................................40 
Lead Manager .......................................................366 
Letter of Credit .....................................................366 
LF Amendment Agreement ............................... 3, 216 
LF Arrangers .........................................................366 
LF Interest Payment Date .....................................366 
LFP Information ..................................................... xi 
Liabilities ..............................................................367 
Liabilities Acquisition ...........................................367 
Limitation Acts .....................................................367 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio........................................68 
Liquidity Drawing ................................................367 
Liquidity Facility ..................................................367 
Liquidity Facility Agent ........................................367 
Liquidity Facility Agreement ............ 3, 216, 244, 367 
Liquidity Facility Provider....................................244 
Liquidity Facility Providers .......................... 244, 367 
Liquidity Facility Standby Account .............. 155, 367 
Liquidity Loan Drawing .......................................367 
Liquidity Required Amount ..................................367 
Liquidity Shortfall ................................................368 
Loan Acceleration Notice .....................................368 
Loan Enforcement Notice .....................................368 
Loan Interest Payment Date ..................................368 
Maintenance Capex Reserve Account ..................155 
Maintenance Capital Expenditure .........................368 
Make-Whole Amount ...........................................368 
Mandate and Syndication Letter ...........................368 
Mandatory Prepayment Account...........................155 
Margin Regulations...............................................368 
Master Definitions Agreement ...................... 244, 368 
Material Adverse Effect ........................................368 
Material Company ................................................369 
materially prejudiced .............................. 63, 220, 274 
materially prejudicial .............................. 63, 172, 221 
Maximum Finance Lease Amount ........................133 
MCOB ............................................................ 95, 369 
MDA ............................................................. 244, 368 
Member State ........................................................369 
MiFID II ....................................................... 296, 313 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ...................... iii 
Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount ....369 
Minimum Long Term Rating ................................369 
MIPRU............................................................ 95, 369 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ....250 
Moody’s ................................................................369 
MSPI .....................................................................105 
Nationwide ............................................................369 
necessary information .............................................xv 
Negative Earnings Acquisition Target ..................378 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ........................................68 
New Dealer ...........................................................369 
New Global Note ..................................................370 
New Liquidity Facility Agreement .......................216 
New Safekeeping Structure ..................................369 
New Shareholder Injections ..................................369 
New STF Commitments .......................................... 2 
NFC Representation ..............................................369 
NGB ......................................................................370 
NGN .....................................................................287 
NIG LAN Notice ..................................................283 
NIG LAN Resolution ............................................283 
Non-Base Currency ..............................................370 
Non-eligible NGB .................................................370 
Note ......................................................................370 
Note Acceleration Notice ......................................370 
Note Basis .............................................................282 
Note Instructing Group .........................................370 
Note Interest Payment Date ..................................370 
Note Relevant Date ...............................................283 
Note Trust Deed ....................................................370 
Note Trustee ..........................................................370 
Noteholder ............................................................278 
Noteholder Instruction Resolution ........................185 
Noteholders ...........................................................370 
Notifiable Debt Purchase Transaction ..................140 
NSS .......................................................................369 
Obligations ............................................................370 
Obligor ............................................................ 10, 370 
Obligor Coverage Test ..........................................142 
Obligor Junior Secured Creditors .........................370 
Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities ........................370 
Obligor Operating Accounts .................................370 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments ..370 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments ....370 
Obligor Priorities of Payments .............................370 
Obligor Secured Creditor ......................................371 
Obligor Secured Creditors .............................. 12, 370 
Obligor Secured Liabilities ...................................371 
Obligor Secured Property .....................................371 
Obligor Security....................................................371 
Obligor Security Agreement ............................. 5, 371 
Obligor Security Documents .......................... 13, 371 
Obligor Security Trustee ................................... 5, 372 
Obligor Senior Discharge Date .............................372 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditor ............................12 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors .........................372 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities........................372 
Obligor STID Proposal ................................. 283, 372 
Obligors ..................................................................10 
OCB Commodities Notional Amount ...................160 
OCB FX Calculation Amount ...............................160 
OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions ... 6, 160 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties ....................160

--- Page 435 ---
414 
OCB Secured Hedge Payment Date .....................191 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreements ......................160 
OCB Secured Hedging Transactions ................ 6, 160 
OCB Secured Transaction Cap .............................160 
OCB Trade Date ...................................................160 
OCB Treasury Counterparty .................................161 
OCB Treasury Transaction............................ 161, 372 
OCB Treasury Transactions ..................................... 6 
OFAC ....................................................................397 
Offering........................................................... 66, 372 
Official List ..................................................... iii, 372 
Offsetting Transaction ...........................................373 
Order ...................................................................... vii 
Ordinary STID Resolution ....................................373 
Ordinary Voting Matters .......................................373 
Original Class B Notes .........................................373 
Original Financial Statements ...............................373 
Original Liquidity Facility Agreement ..................216 
Original Obligor....................................................373 
Original Period......................................................138 
Original Senior Term Facility Agreement ......... 2, 208 
Original Transaction ..................................... 165, 166 
Other Class A Voting Matter .................................270 
outstanding ............................................................373 
Outstanding Principal Amount ..............................376 
Overhedged Position .............................................162 
Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated Debt
 ..............................................................................166 
Overhedging—GBP Denominated Debt ...............165 
Overlaid Transaction .............................................376 
Overlay Transaction ..............................................376 
Participants ...........................................................293 
Participating Member State .......................... 284, 376 
Participating Member States .................................284 
Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors
 ..............................................................................376 
Partnership ............................................................376 
Party ......................................................................376 
Pay ........................................................................377 
Paying Agents .......................................................377 
Payment ................................................................377 
Payment Business Day .........................................284 
Payment Date ........................................................377 
PCWs ....................................................................377 
Pensions Framework Agreement ..........................377 
Pensions Liabilities ...............................................377 
Pensions Regulator ...............................................377 
Perfection Requirements .......................................377 
Permanent Class A Global Note .............................. vi 
Permitted Acquisition ...........................................377 
Permitted Business ................................................379 
Permitted Debt Purchase Party .............................379 
Permitted Disposal ................................................379 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness .........................381 
Permitted Guarantee .............................................382 
Permitted Hedge Termination ...............................383 
Permitted Investor Payment ..................................383 
Permitted Joint Venture Investment ......................383 
Permitted Loan......................................................384 
Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount .......... 166, 167 
Permitted Payment ................................................385 
Permitted Reorganisation ......................................385 
Permitted Security ................................................387 
Permitted Share Issue ...........................................389 
Permitted Tax Transaction ....................................389 
Permitted Transaction ...........................................389 
personal member ...................................................390 
personal member market .......................................390 
Post FMD ACF .....................................................199 
Potential Class A Note Event of Default ...............390 
Potential CTA Event of Default ............................390 
pounds ..................................................................... ix 
PP Note Issuer .......................................................390 
PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement ......................390 
PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction ....................390 
PP Note Purchase Agreement ...............................390 
PP Note SCR Agreement ......................................390 
PP Note Secured Creditor Representative .............391 
PP Noteholders .....................................................391 
PP Notes ................................................................391 
PPF ................................................................. 41, 390 
PPNIBLA ..............................................................391 
PRA ................................................................ 93, 391 
PRC .........................................................................43 
Preceding Business Day Convention ....................250 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... iii, 296 
Primary Transaction ..............................................373 
Principal Amount Outstanding ...................... 284, 391 
Principal Paying Agents ........................................391 
Pro-Forma Hedging Agreement ............................163 
Programme .............................................. iii, 243, 391 
Programme Limit ..................................................391 
Projected Excess Cashflow ...................................156 
Prospectus .............................................................391 
Prospectus Regulation ............................ iii, 298, 391 
Purchase Price .......................................................378 
PwC ...................................................................... 111 
PwC Structure Memorandum ...............................391 
QIB .......................................................................391 
qualified institutional buyer ..................................391 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors .......................284 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt ..............................284 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors .....................391 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities .... 176, 
391 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice....................................................................391 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors ..................175 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities .................175 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors ....................392 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities ... 175, 
392 
Qualifying Public Offering ...................................392 
Quorum Requirement ...........................................172 
RAO ................................................................ 94, 392 
Rating Agency .................................................. v, 392

--- Page 436 ---
415 
Rating Confirmation .............................................393 
Real Property ........................................................393 
Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR .........................128 
Recast Insolvency Regulation ......................... 54, 393 
Receiver ................................................................393 
Record Date .......................................... 264, 292, 294 
Redeemed Class A Notes ......................................256 
Redemption Amount .............................................284 
Redemption Date ..................................................254 
Reference Date......................................................284 
Reference German Bund Dealer ...........................255 
Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations .........255 
Reference Gilt .......................................................254 
Reference Market Makers .....................................227 
Reference Treasury Dealer ....................................256 
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations .................256 
Registered Definitive Note ...................................393 
Registered Note ....................................................393 
Registrars ..............................................................393 
Regulated Market .................................................... iii 
Regulation S .................................................... iv, 393 
REGULATION S ...................................................... i 
Regulation S Global Note .....................................393 
Regulations ............................................. 20, 257, 393 
Regulatory Capital Requirements .........................393 
Relevant Class A Debt Transaction .......................146 
Relevant Class A Percentage .................................186 
Relevant Currency ................................................285 
Relevant Date........................................................228 
relevant Dealer ........................................................ iii 
Relevant Debt ................................................... 6, 394 
Relevant Facility ...................................................191 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 285, 394 
Relevant Interbank Market ...................................394 
Relevant Junior Finance Document ......................182 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................................394 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date ....................196 
Relevant Matter or Circumstance ................. 204, 403 
Relevant Matters ...................................................138 
Relevant Note .......................................................280 
Relevant Note Instructing Percentage ...................185 
Relevant Percentage ..............................................184 
Relevant Period .....................................................146 
relevant persons ..................................................... vii 
Relevant Persons ....................................................... i 
relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount .......198 
Relevant Rate ........................................................285 
Relevant Senior Finance Document......................181 
Relevant State .......................................................394 
relevant Stock Exchange .......................................400 
relevant time ..................................................... 42, 60 
Relevant Time ............................................... 185, 285 
Relevant Transaction ............................................394 
Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date ......394 
Relevant Treasury Stock .......................................228 
repeat business ......................................................394 
Repeated Representations .....................................122 
Reporting Date ......................................................394 
Representative.......................................................394 
Representative Amount .........................................285 
Required Accumulation Percentage ......................395 
Required Sweep Percentage ..................................395 
Requirements ..........................................................56 
Requisite Rating............................................ 218, 395 
Reservations ..........................................................395 
Reserved Matters .......................................... 171, 395 
Restricted Cash .....................................................396 
Restricted Notes .................................................... viii 
Restricted Payment ...............................................396 
Restricted Person ..................................................396 
retail investor ........................................................313 
Retail Price Index .................................................396 
Retained Excess Cashflow ....................................396 
Rule 3a-5 .................................................................. x 
Rule Set.................................................................397 
RWAs ......................................................................68 
S&P ........................................................... v, 303, 397 
S&P GREL .............................................................. v 
Saga Group ...........................................................397 
Saga Pension Scheme ...........................................397 
Sale ............................................................... 209, 212 
Sales Process .........................................................190 
Sanctions ...............................................................397 
Sanctions Authorities ............................................397 
Sanctions List .......................................................397 
Scheduled LF Termination Date ...........................216 
Scheme..................................................................397 
Second Facility Fee ...............................................397 
Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed ...397 
Secured Creditor Representative...........................397 
Secured Creditors ..................................................397 
Secured Pensions Liabilities .................................397 
Securities Act ................................................... iv, 397 
SECURITIES ACT ........................................... i, 316 
Security Group ......................................................397 
Security Group Companies ...................................397 
Security Interest ....................................................398 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed ...................... 4 
Selection Date .......................................................256 
Semi-Annual Financial Statements .......................398 
Senior Finance Document .....................................398 
Senior Finance Party .............................................398 
Senior Management Functions ...............................98 
Senior Managers .....................................................98 
Senior Term Facility ................................. 2, 208, 398 
Senior Term Facility Agreement ............... 2, 208, 398 
Seventh Facility Fee .............................................398 
Share Enforcement Event .....................................399 
Similar Law ..........................................................316 
Sixth Facility Fee ..................................................399 
Small company .....................................................399 
SMCR ............................................................. 98, 399 
SMFs .......................................................................98 
SMMT ....................................................................33 
Solvency II ............................................................399 
SONIA ............................................................ ix, 399

--- Page 437 ---
416 
Special Mandatory Redemption Event ......... 263, 399 
Specified Currency ....................................... 285, 399 
Specified Denomination ............................... 285, 399 
Specified Office ....................................................399 
Sponsor Affiliate ...................................................399 
Sponsors................................................................400 
Stabilising Manager ..............................................400 
Stabilising Manager(s) .......................................... xiii 
Standby Drawing .......................................... 217, 400 
sterling .................................................................... ix 
Sterling..................................................................400 
STF Agent ....................................................... 12, 400 
STF Amendment Agreement ............................ 2, 208 
STF Arrangers ................................................. 11, 400 
STF Change of Control .........................................209 
STF Change of Control Notification Period .........209 
STF Final Maturity Date .......................................208 
STF Finance Document ........................................400 
STF Lenders ................................................... 11, 400 
STF Loan ..............................................................208 
STF Majority Lenders ...........................................209 
STF Permitted Change of Control ........................210 
STF Underwriters .................................................400 
STID ......................................................... 4, 244, 400 
STID Proposal .............................................. 170, 400 
STID Voting Request ............................................170 
Stock Exchange ............................................ 285, 400 
Sub-Class .................................................. v, 243, 401 
Sub-Class A1 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A10 Notes ............................................401 
Sub-Class A11 Notes ............................................401 
Sub-Class A2 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A3 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A4 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A5 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A6 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A7 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A8 Notes ..............................................401 
Sub-Class A9 Notes ..............................................401 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts ..............................401 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor .........................401 
Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities ......................402 
Subordinated Investor ...........................................402 
Subordinated Investor Liabilities ..........................402 
Subordinated Liquidity Amount ...........................402 
Subscription Agreement ................................ 244, 402 
Subsidiary .............................................................402 
sub-unit .................................................................285 
Successor ..............................................................402 
TAAL ............................................................ 116, 402 
TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date ....402 
TAAL Migration Condition Account ....................155 
TAAL Share Security Agreement .........................402 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................. 285, 403 
TARGET2 system .................................................285 
Tax ........................................................................403 
Tax Covenantors ........................................... 204, 403 
Tax Deed of Covenant .................................. 204, 403 
Tax Liability..........................................................203 
TCFD ......................................................................29 
TDC Breach .................................................. 204, 403 
Technical Provisions .............................................403 
TEFRA C Rules ....................................................287 
TEFRA D Rules ....................................................287 
Temporary Class A Global Note ............................. vi 
Test Date ...............................................................403 
Test Period ............................................................403 
The AA .................................................................103 
Third Facility Fee .................................................403 
Topco ................................................................ v, 404 
Topco Demand Notice Instruction ........................202 
Topco Enforcement Instruction.............................202 
Topco Fixed Security ............................................240 
Topco Payment Undertaking......................... 239, 404 
Topco Secured Creditor ........................................404 
Topco Secured Liabilities .....................................404 
Topco Secured Property ........................................404 
Topco Security .............................................. 240, 404 
Topco Security Agreement ............................ 240, 404 
Topco Security Documents ...................................404 
Topco Security Enforcement Condition ................203 
Topco Transaction Documents ..............................404 
Total Class A Net Debt ..........................................404 
Total Debt Service Charges ..................................405 
Total Hedged Amount ................................... 166, 167 
Total Net Debt .......................................................405 
TowerBrook ..........................................................405 
TowerBrook Funds ....................................... 108, 405 
Transaction Documents ........................................405 
Transfer Agent ......................................................405 
Treasury Rate ........................................................255 
Treasury Transaction .............................................406 
Treaty ....................................................................406 
Trigger Event ........................................................145 
Trigger Event Consequences ................................146 
Trigger Event Ratio Level ....................................406 
Trigger Event Remedy ..........................................147 
U.S. .......................................................................406 
U.S. dollars ..................................................... ix, 406 
U.S.$ ....................................................................... ix 
UCSL ......................................................................93 
UK ........................................................... iv, 296, 406 
UK CRA Regulation ................................................ v 
UK GAAP .............................................................406 
UK MiFIR .............................................................296 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ................... iv 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ..................................... iv, 296 
UK Prospectus Regulation ....................................406 
UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations ......... 55, 406 
Unused Capital Maintenance Spend Amount .......131 
USD ................................................................ ix, 406 
UTCCR ........................................................... 99, 406 
Utilisation .............................................................406 
VAT .......................................................................406 
VAT Group ............................................................406 
VAT Grouping Legislation ....................................406

--- Page 438 ---
417 
VATA ....................................................................406 
Viscount ..................................................................56 
Volcker Rule ............................................... x, 71, 406 
Vote .......................................................................285 
Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities.......406 
Voting Closure Date ..............................................285 
Voting Date ...........................................................285 
Voting Notice ................................................ 270, 272 
Voting Period ........................................................286 
Warburg Pincus .....................................................406 
Warburg Pincus Funds .................................. 108, 406 
WCF Agent ............................................. 12, 211, 406 
WCF Ancillary Facilities ......................................... 3 
WCF Ancillary Facility ..................................... 3, 211 
WCF Arrangers .....................................................407 
WCF Arrangers .......................................................12 
WCF Change of Control .......................................212 
WCF Change of Control Notification Period .......212 
WCF Clean-Down Period .....................................213 
WCF Final Maturity Date ..................................... 211 
WCF Finance Documents .....................................407 
WCF Lenders .......................................... 11, 211, 407 
WCF Loan .................................................... 211, 407 
WCF Majority Lenders .........................................212 
WCF Permitted Change of Control .......................407 
WCF Underwriters ................................................407 
Working Capital ....................................................407 
Working Capital Facility ........................... 3, 211, 407 
Working Capital Facility Agreement ........ 3, 211, 407 
Working Time Directive .......................................407 
Working Time Regulation .....................................407 
XCCY Aggregate Hedged Amount .......................167 
XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction .... 167, 407 
XCCY Overhedged Position .................................162

--- Page 439 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
3rd Floor, 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier,  
Jersey, JE4 9WG 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE OBLIGORS 
Fanum House, Basing View 
Basingstoke 
Hampshire, RG21 4EA, United Kingdom 
 
OBLIGOR SECURITY TRUSTEE 
ISSUER SECURITY TRUSTEE AND  
CLASS A NOTE TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, United Kingodm 
 
CLASS A AGENT BANK AND CLASS A PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom 
 
CLASS A REGISTRAR AND CLASS A TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Trust & Agency Services 
60 Wall Street, 27th Floor 
MS NYC 60-2710 
New York, New York 10005 
United States of America 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE HOLDCO GROUP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Embankment Place 
London, WC2N 6RH 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Holdco Group 
as to English law and US law 
To the Dealers, 
as to English law and US law 
Linklaters LLP  
One Silk Street 
London, EC2Y 8HQ, United Kingdom 
Ashurst LLP  
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London, E1 6PW 
United Kingdom

--- Page 440 ---
To the Issuer 
as to Jersey law 
Ogier (Jersey) LLP 
44 Esplanade,  
St. Helier  
Jersey JE4 9WG 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee 
and the Class A Note Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London, E1 6AD, United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London 
E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London 
E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 
Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom  
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2.