--- Page 1 ---
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”)) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to the 
prospectus following this notice (the “Base Prospectus”), and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer page carefully 
before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be 
bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any 
information from us as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION 
OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE CLASS A NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS (THE “CLASS A NOTES”) IN 
ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  
THE CLASS A NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE CLASS 
A NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
WITHIN THE UNITED KINGDOM, THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE PASSED ON EXCEPT TO 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS OR OTHER PERSONS IN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SECTION 21(1) OF THE 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (AS AMENDED) DOES NOT APPLY TO THE ISSUER (ALL SUCH 
PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). THE BASE PROSPECTUS MUST NOT BE 
ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS. ANY INVESTMENT OR 
INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THE BASE PROSPECTUS RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO RELEVANT 
PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH 
THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an investment decision 
with respect to the Class A Notes, you must be a non -U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), and be 
outside the United States investing in the Class A Notes in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S; provided that 
investors resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area must be qualified investors (within the meaning of Article 
2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and not retail investors (as described below) and investors resident in the 
United Kingdom must be qualified investors (within the meaning of Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) 
and not retail investors (as described below).  You have been sent the attached Base Prospectus on the basis that you have 
confirmed to the Dealers (collectively, the “Dealers”) set forth in the attached Base Prospectus, being the sender or senders of the 
attached, that either: (A)(i) you and any customers you represent are not U.S. persons; and (ii) the electronic mail (or e-mail) 
address to which it has been delivered is not located in the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of 
the United States and the District of Columbia; “possessions” include Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands and that you consent to delivery by electronic transmission; or (B) if you 
are resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, you are not a retail investor (as 
described below). 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located 
and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in 
any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering of Class A Notes be 
made by a licensed broker or dealer and the relevant Dealers in respect of such offering or any affiliate of such Dealers is a 
licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by such Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of 
the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe or purchase any of the Class A Notes are reminded that any 
subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of information contained in the Base Prospectus in combination with any 
relevant drawdown prospectus or final terms (if applicable). The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the 
Issuer (as defined below). 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this 
medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently no Dealer, nor any person who 
controls any Dealer, nor any director, officer, employee or agent or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format 
herewith and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
NOT FOR GENERAL DISTRIBUTION 
IN THE UNITED STATES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AA Bond Co Limited 
(a public limited company incorporated in Jersey with registered no. 112992) 
£5,000,000,000 
Multicurrency Programme for the Issuance of Class A Notes 
____________________ 
AA Bond Co Limited (the “Issuer”) has authorised the establishment of a multicurrency programme for the issuance of a 
single class of Class A Notes designated as the Class A Notes (the “Programme”). There is no provision under the Programme 
for the issuance of other classes of Class A Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as supplementary Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Class A Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Class A Notes. Such approval relates only to Class A 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for certain Class A Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the 
“Regulated Market”). 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of AA Limited (www.theaacorporate.com) and Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Class A Notes may be issued, on a continuing basis, to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview— Key 
Characteristics of the Programme—Dealers” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Class A Notes being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer or in respect of which subscriptions will be procured by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Class A Notes or to procure subscriptions for such Class A Notes, as the case may be. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Class A Notes and 
any Drawdown Prospectus may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Class A Notes and which channels for distribution of the Class A Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Class A Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Class A Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Class A Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive” or 
“IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Class A Notes 
and any Drawdown Prospectus may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes and which channels for distribution of the Class A Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
FCA Handbook Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Class A Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Class A Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Class A Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Class A Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and are being offered and sold outside the United States to certain persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Each purchaser of the Class A Notes in making its purchase will be 
deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements (see “Subscription and Sale” in this Base 
Prospectus). See “Transfer Restrictions” for additional information about eligible offerees and transfer restrictions. 
See “Risk Factors” to read about certain factors that prospective investors should consider before buying any of the Class 
A Notes. 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
 
 
BARCLAYS 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
BARCLAYS  
CREDIT SUISSE  
 
BNP PARIBAS  
J. P. MORGAN  
 
 
CITIGROUP 
LLOYDS BANK 
CORPORATE 
MARKETS  
 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2021

--- Page 5 ---
i 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms “we,” “our,” “us,” or the “Holdco Group” with respect to our 
historical results of operation, including business operations, refer to AA Intermediate Co Limited (“Holdco”) 
and its subsidiaries as a whole (the “Holdco Group”) or to any one or more of its subsidiaries when discussing 
future results of operations, including business operations, provided that in the section entitled “Business”, the 
terms “we,” “our,” “us,” the “AA,” or the “AA Group” refer to AA Limited (formerly AA plc) and its 
subsidiaries as a whole (the “AA Group”) as we manage our business operations by reference to the AA Group 
as a whole and not just the Holdco Group. Unless otherwise indicated, the “Group” consolidated historical 
financial data and other financial information presented herein includes the results of operations of the Holdco 
Group and excludes the results of operations of, among other entities, AA Limited and AA Mid Co Limited 
(“Topco”) as those entities do not provide credit support to the Class A IBLAs or the Class A Notes and are not 
included within the Holdco Group for the purposes of the Class A IBLAs. See “Presentation of Financial 
Information”. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from 
time to time issue Class A Notes in bearer or registered form (respectively “Class A Bearer Notes” and “Class 
A Registered Notes”). Copies of the final terms for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes (the “Final Terms”) will 
be available (in the case of all Class A Notes) from the specified office set out below of Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited as Class A note trustee (the “Class A Note Trustee”), (in the case of Class A Bearer Notes) 
from the specified office set out below of each of the Class A Paying Agents and (in the case of Class A 
Registered Notes) from the specified office set out below of each of the Class A Registrar and the Class A 
Transfer Agent. 
Class A Notes issued under the Programme shall comprise a single class (the “Class A Notes”). Class 
A Notes will be issued in tranches on each Issue Date. The Class A Notes may comprise one or more sub-
classes (each a “Sub-Class”) with each Sub-Class pertaining to, among other things, the currency, interest rate 
and maturity date of the relevant Sub-Class. Each Sub-Class may be denominated in sterling, euro or U.S. 
dollars (or in other currencies subject to compliance with applicable laws). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Class A Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed £5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in this 
Base Prospectus) unless increased from time to time by the Issuer. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other 
conditions not contained in this Base Prospectus, which are applicable to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, will 
be set forth in a set of Final Terms, or in a separate prospectus specific to such Sub-Class (a “Drawdown 
Prospectus”), see “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. In the case of Class A Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List, the Final Terms will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the relevant date 
of issue of the Class A Notes of such Sub-Class. 
Ratings ascribed to all of the Class A Notes reflect only the views of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited 
(“S&P” and a “Rating Agency”) and any further or replacement rating agency appointed by the Issuer. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the Rating Agency. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to 
any of the Class A Notes may adversely affect the market price of such Class A Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as a credit rating agency under the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2019. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Union and is 
registered under EU Regulation 1060/2009 as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).  S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited currently endorses the ratings issued by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited pursuant to and in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
If any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is applicable to the Class A Notes, payments 
on the Class A Notes will be made subject to such withholding or deduction, without the Issuer being obliged to 
pay any additional amounts in consequence. 
In the case of Class A Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 or not less than the equivalent of EUR 100,000 in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of such Class A Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
ii 
If specified under the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus, Class A Notes that are 
Class A Bearer Notes may be represented initially by one or more temporary global Class A Notes (each a 
“Temporary Class A Global Note”) (which may be held either in new global note form or classic global note 
form), without interest coupons or principal receipts, which will be deposited with a Common Depositary (in the 
case of Temporary Class A Global Notes in classic global note form) or a Common Safekeeper (in the case of 
Temporary Class A Global Notes in new global note form) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) on or about the Issue Date of such Sub-Class. Each 
such Temporary Class A Global Note will be exchangeable for a permanent global note (each a “Permanent 
Class A Global Note”) or definitive Class A Notes in bearer form as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus following the expiration of 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the relevant Issue Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership and as may be 
required by U.S. tax laws and regulations, as described in the section “Forms of the Class A Notes”. Class A 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Class A Bearer Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to United States persons. 
If specified under the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus, Class A Registered 
Notes that are initially offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be represented on issue by beneficial 
interests in one or more global notes (each a “Class A Regulation S Global Note”), in fully registered form, 
without interest coupons or principal receipts attached, which will be deposited with, and registered in the name 
of, a Common Depositary (where not held under the New Safekeeping Structure) or a Common Safekeeper 
(where held under the New Safekeeping Structure) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership 
interests in the Class A Regulation S Global Notes will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be effected 
through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. Class 
A Notes in definitive, certificated and fully registered form will be issued only in the limited circumstances 
described in this Base Prospectus. In each case, purchasers and transferees of Class A Notes will be deemed to 
have made certain representations and agreements. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” 
below.

--- Page 7 ---
iii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, persons who (i) are outside 
the UK or (ii) are persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within 
Article 19(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, 
the “Order”) or (iii) are high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, 
falling within Article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). 
Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any of its contents, may be acted upon or relied upon by persons who are not 
relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only 
to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such investments will be 
engaged in only with, relevant persons. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Class A Note shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Issuer or the 
Obligors at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Obligors as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. None of 
the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of the 
Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the 
WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank 
or the Borrower Account Bank undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuer or the 
Obligors during the life of the Programme or the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Class A Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Holdco Group, the Dealers, the Class 
A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any of the Class A Notes issued under the Programme. Save for the Issuer no other 
party has separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the 
Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of the Hedge 
Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the WCF 
Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank or the 
Borrower Account Bank as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Class A Notes or their distribution nor is any 
responsibility accepted for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or Obligors or any other person in connection with 
the issue and offering of the Class A Notes. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the 
responsibilities of the Issuer. Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not 
relied on the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of 
the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the 
WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank 
or the Borrower Account Bank to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuer or the Obligors, 
nor on any person affiliated with any of them in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale or delivery of the Class A Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to or solicitation by any 
person to subscribe for or purchase any Class A Notes in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such 
an offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering of Class A 
Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the relevant Dealers in respect of such offering or any affiliate 
of such Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by 
such Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
The Class A Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. For a description of this and certain further restrictions see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Class A Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor

--- Page 8 ---
iv 
have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Each purchaser or holder of Class A Notes represented by a Class A Regulation S Global Note, or any 
Class A Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Restricted Notes”) will 
be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Restricted Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Class A Notes as set out in “Subscription and 
Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Certain Sub-Classes of Class A Notes issued in NGN form (each as defined in “Forms of the Class A 
Notes” below) may be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This simply means that the 
Class A Notes are intended upon issue to be delivered to one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Class A Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
The Class A Notes and the other financing arrangements described in this Base Prospectus to be 
entered into by the Issuer will be obligations solely of the Issuer. 
In connection with the issue of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as 
Stabilising Manager in the applicable Final Terms (the “Stabilising Manager”) (or persons acting on behalf of 
the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot such Class A Notes or or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of Class A Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “Commission”) has given, and has not withdrawn, its 
consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Class A Notes by 
the Issuer. The Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against 
Liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law. A copy of this document has been delivered 
to the Jersey registrar of companies in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) 
Order 2002, and he has given, and has not withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. It must be distinctly 
understood that, in giving these consents, neither the Jersey registrar of companies nor the Commission takes 
any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or 
opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial advisor. It should be remembered that the price of 
securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult 
his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with making 
such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “pounds”, “sterling”, “£” or “GBP” are to the lawful 
currency of the UK, all references to “GBP LIBOR” are to the sterling London Interbank Offered Rate, all 
references to “$”, “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars”, “dollars” and “USD” are to the lawful currency of the United States 
of America and all references to “€”, “euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
v 
VOLCKER RULE 
Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, together with the rules, 
regulations and published guidance promulgated thereunder (the “Volcker Rule”), generally prohibit 
sponsorship of, and investment in the "ownership interests" issued by, “covered funds” by “banking entities,” a 
term that includes most internationally active banking organisations and their subsidiaries and affiliates, 
although a banking entity may sponsor and invest in a covered fund in certain limited circumstances and subject 
to a number of exceptions. A banking entity that serves, directly or indirectly, as the investment manager, 
investment adviser, commodity trading adviser or sponsor to a covered fund, or that organizes and offers a 
covered fund, or that continues to hold an ownership interest in a covered fund, or any affiliate of such entity, is 
also prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that covered fund. "Covered transactions" 
include, among other things, entering into a swap transaction or guaranteeing notes if the swap or the guarantee 
would result in credit exposure to the covered fund. 
The Issuer believes that it is not, and after giving effect to any offering and sale of Class A Notes under 
this Programme and the application of the proceeds thereof it will not be, a “covered fund” for purposes of the 
Volcker Rule. In reaching this conclusion, the Issuer has determined that it need not rely on the exclusions from 
the definition of “investment company” provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), among other things, because it meets the 
requirements of Rule 3a-5 under the Investment Company Act, which provides an exemption for finance 
subsidiaries within an operating group such as the AA Group. However, the general effect of the Volcker Rule 
remains uncertain. Any prospective investor in Class A Notes, including a US or foreign bank or a subsidiary or 
affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisors regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker 
Rule.

--- Page 10 ---
vi 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Obligors which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Obligors and the Class A Notes, is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final 
Terms which complete this Base Prospectus for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes issued hereunder. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission of anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has accurately reproduced the information contained in the section entitled “Description of 
Liquidity Facility Providers” (the “LFP Information”) from information provided to it or made publicly 
available by the Liquidity Facility Providers but it has not independently verified such information. So far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the Liquidity Facility Providers, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the LFP Information inaccurate or misleading.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make representations other than the 
information or the representations contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue of the Class A 
Notes, any member of the Holdco Group, Topco, any holding company of Topco or the offering or sale of the 
Class A Notes and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, any member of the Holdco Group, Topco, any holding company of 
Topco, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the directors of the 
Issuer, the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, any of 
the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the 
WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank 
or the Borrower Account Bank. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offering or sale of Class A 
Notes made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, constitute a representation or create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or any member of the Holdco Group since 
the date hereof. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all information in this Base Prospectus is given as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Class A Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Obligors, the Dealers, the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee, any of the Hedge Counterparties, any of the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, 
the STF Lenders, the STF Agent, the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the Class A Agents, the Liquidity Facility 
Providers, the Issuer Account Bank or the Borrower Account Bank accept responsibility to investors for the 
regulatory treatment of their investment in the Class A Notes (including (but not limited to) whether any 
transaction or transactions pursuant to which Class A Notes are issued from time to time is or will be regarded 
as constituting a “securitisation” for the purposes of (i) Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (including as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA), (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Union (together with 
the regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards relating thereto) or (iii) Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the FCA Handbook), or any other 
regulation or directive relating to securitisations that may apply in the European Economic Area) in any 
jurisdiction or by any regulatory authority.  
If the regulatory treatment of an investment in the Class A Notes is relevant to an investor’s decision 
whether or not to invest, the investor should make its own determination as to such treatment and for this 
purpose seek professional advice and consult its regulator. Prospective investors are referred to the “Risk 
Factors—Risks relating to the Class A Notes—Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital 
requirements and/or decreased liquidity in respect of the Class A Notes” section of this Base Prospectus for 
further information. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of the Class A Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 11 ---
vii 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission of the Class A Notes to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin of any issue of Class A Notes, that, if there shall 
occur between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the final closing of any offer of Class A 
Notes to the public, or as the case may be, the time when trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin 
begins, any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Obligors and the rights attaching to the Class A Notes, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Class A Notes and will supply to each Dealer and the 
Class A Note Trustee such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement base prospectus as such 
Dealer and Class A Note Trustee may reasonably request. The Issuer will also supply to the Central Bank of 
Ireland (the “Central Bank”) such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement base prospectus 
as may be required by the Central Bank and will make copies available, free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, at the specified offices of the Class A Paying Agents and in respect of Class A Registered Notes, the 
Class A Registrar and the Class A Transfer Agent. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base 
Prospectus, as so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, in any material respect, the Issuer shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Class A Notes. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary base prospectus, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Class A Notes to be admitted on the Official List and trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplementary base prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
viii 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Obligors and of the rights 
attaching to the Class A Notes. In relation to the different types of Class A Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Class A Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Any information relating to the Class A Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which 
is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. For a Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Sub-Class only, complete 
this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the 
Class A Notes as set out herein (the “Class A Conditions”) as completed by Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
are the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes which is the subject of 
such Final Terms. 
The Class A Conditions as completed by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus are the terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Sub-Class(s) of Class A Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
ix 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains various forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current 
views with respect to future events and anticipated financial and operational performance. Forward-looking 
statements as a general matter are all statements other than statements as to historical facts or present facts or 
circumstances. The words “aim”, “anticipate”, “assume”, “believe”, “contemplate”, “continue”, “could”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “intend”, “likely”, “may”, “might”, “plan”, “positioned”, “potential”, 
“predict”, “project”, “remain”, “should”, “will” or “would”, or, in each case, their negative, or similar 
expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. Other forward-looking statements can be 
identified in the context in which the statements are made. These forward-looking statements include all matters 
that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of our 
management concerning, among other things, the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, 
growth, strategies of the Holdco Group and/or the AA Group (as context requires) and the industry in which we 
operate. Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places in this Base Prospectus, including, without 
limitation, in the sections entitled “Overview”, “Risk Factors”, “Regulatory Overview”, and “Business” and 
include, among other things, statements relating to: 
 
our strategy, outlook and growth prospects, including our plans to increase the sale of our 
products and services through cross-selling and up-selling to our existing customers; 
 
risks related to the recent outbreak of COVID-19; 
 
our operational and financial targets; 
 
our results of operations, liquidity, capital resources and capital expenditure; 
 
our cost-saving programmes; 
 
our financing plans and requirements; 
 
our planned investments; 
 
future growth in demand for our products and services; 
 
general economic trends and trends in the markets in which we operate; 
 
the impact of regulations and laws on us and our operations; 
 
our retention of personal members, business customers and business partners; 
 
the competitive environment in which we operate and pricing pressure we may face; 
 
our plans to launch new or expand existing products and services; and 
 
the outcome of legal proceedings or regulatory investigations. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We 
caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the development of the industry in which we 
operate, may differ materially from (and be more negative than) those made in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if our financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be 
indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Although we believe that the expectations reflected 
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will materialise or prove 
to be correct. Because these forward-looking statements are based on assumptions or estimates and are subject 
to risks and uncertainties, the actual results or outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-
looking statements as a result of, among others: 
 
the outbreak of COVID-19 and changes in the economic conditions in the United Kingdom 
(including as a result of COVID-19 and/or Brexit);

--- Page 14 ---
x 
 
the loss or impairment of our favourable brand recognition; 
 
the operational failure of our IT and communication systems or the failure to develop our IT 
and communication systems; 
 
the loss of key contractual relationships with certain business partners; 
 
increased competition within our business segments; 
 
existing competition within the insurance broking and underwriting markets; 
 
changes in the competitive landscape within the insurance industry, and changes relating to 
our insurance panel members; 
 
failure to renew existing contracts or enter into new contracts with suppliers; 
 
litigation (including in connection with roadside injuries or death) or regulatory inquiries or 
investigations; 
 
the failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations or failure to secure and protect 
personal data; 
 
a lack of price harmonisation across our personal member and business customer base or 
changes in the levels of price discounts or churn; 
 
our ability to achieve cost savings and control or reduce operating costs; 
 
failure of internal control processes; 
 
severe or unexpected weather, which may increase our operating costs; 
 
changes within the vehicle market, including the average age of vehicles on the road, extended 
manufacturer guarantees and reduced vehicle use; 
 
failure to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights from infringement; 
 
our ability to successfully manage risks and liabilities relating to acquisitions and integrate 
any future acquisitions or consummate disposals in the future; 
 
our ability to retain or replace senior management and key personnel; 
 
risks relating to our insurance coverage;
 
union relations, strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions in our workforce; 
 
adverse changes in the laws and regulations governing our business; 
 
risks relating to our pension schemes and changes in the UK pensions regulatory regime; 
 
risks relating to the financing structure; 
 
risks relating to our financial profile; 
 
factors affecting our leverage, our ability to service our debt and our structure; 
 
risks relating to the use of GBP LIBOR in certain finance documents; 
 
risks relating to a change of control; 
 
risks relating to our use of hedging instruments; 
 
risks relating to the Class A Notes; 
 
risks relating to security, enforcement and insolvency; and

--- Page 15 ---
xi 
 
risks relating to taxation. 
Additional factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those set out in the forward-looking statements, include but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk 
Factors”. The factors described above and others described under the caption “Risk Factors” should not be 
construed as exhaustive. Due to such uncertainties and risks, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. We urge you to read 
this Base Prospectus, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Business” for a more complete 
discussion of the factors that could affect our future performance and the industry in which we operate. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. We expressly 
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law or regulation. Accordingly, prospective 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements herein. In addition, 
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf 
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus, including those set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 16 ---
xii 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
In this Base Prospectus, we rely on and refer to information regarding our business and the markets in 
which we operate and compete. Certain economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts set forth 
in this Base Prospectus were extracted from market research, governmental and other publicly available 
information, independent industry publications and reports prepared by international consulting firms. These 
external sources include the UK Department for Transport and the Office for National Statistics and industry 
data provided by third parties, some of which was commissioned on our behalf. 
While we have accurately reproduced such third-party information, neither we nor the Dealers, have 
verified the accuracy of such information, market data or other information on which third parties have based 
their studies. As far as we are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by these third parties, 
no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Market 
studies are frequently based on information and assumptions that may not be exact or appropriate, and their 
methodology is by nature forward-looking and speculative. Furthermore, the markets in which we operate and 
compete may have shifted or changed since the date that each industry report was prepared and in particular, the 
industry reports may not contemplate the effects of COVID-19. These and other factors could cause results to 
differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
This Base Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived therefrom that 
cannot be gathered from publications by market research institutions or any other independent sources. Such 
information is prepared by us based on third-party sources and our own internal estimates, including studies of 
the market that we have commissioned. In many cases, there is no publicly available information on such 
market data, for example, from industry associations, public authorities or other organisations and institutions. 
We believe that our estimates of market data and information derived therefrom are helpful to give investors a 
better understanding of the industry in which we operate as well as our position within the industry. Although 
we believe that our internal market observations are reliable, our own estimates are not reviewed or verified by 
any external sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry or similar data 
presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, 
including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 17 ---
xiii 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 
We are the registered owner of, or have rights to, certain trademarks or trade names that we use in 
conjunction with the operation of our business. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to 
in this Base Prospectus may appear without the “®” or “™” symbols, but such references are not intended to 
indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the 
rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. Use or display by us of other parties’ 
trademarks, service marks or trade names is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with, or 
endorsement or sponsorship by us of, the trademark, service mark or trade name owner. Each trademark, trade 
name or service mark of any other company appearing in this Base Prospectus is the property of its respective 
holder.

--- Page 18 ---
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ....................................................................................................................................... 1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................................... iii 
VOLCKER RULE ................................................................................................................................................ v 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS .................................................................................................................. vi 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... vii 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................ viii 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................... ix 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA ................................................................................................................. xii 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES ......................................................................................................... xiii 
OVERVIEW ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 28 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................... 75 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 78 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL, OPERATING AND OTHER DATA ...................................... 80 
CAPITALISATION ........................................................................................................................................... 86 
BUSINESS ......................................................................................................................................................... 87 
REGULATORY OVERVIEW ......................................................................................................................... 104 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................. 111 
THE SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................................................. 115 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................................... 116 
BORROWER ................................................................................................................................................... 118 
HOLDCO ......................................................................................................................................................... 119 
TOPCO ............................................................................................................................................................. 120 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED .................................................................. 121 
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION INSURANCE SERVICES LIMITED........................................................ 122 
SUMMARY OF THE COMMON DOCUMENTS .......................................................................................... 124 
SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS ........................................................................................... 193 
SUMMARY OF THE CREDIT AND LIQUIDITY SUPPORT DOCUMENTS ............................................ 202 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER CLASS A TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................ 205 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS ............................................................................................. 216 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 222 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES ............................................................................ 223 
FORMS OF THE CLASS A NOTES ............................................................................................................... 258 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURE ............................................................................................... 263 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 266 
DESCRIPTION OF LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS ........................................................................... 273 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS .............................................................................................................................. 275 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 277 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ......................................................................................................................... 280

--- Page 19 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 281 
GLOSSARY ..................................................................................................................................................... 285

--- Page 20 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 21 ---
1 
  
OVERVIEW 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Overview 
The AA is the largest roadside assistance provider in the UK, representing approximately 40% of the 
consumer market as of January 2021, approximately 60% of the manufacturer segment as of January 2021, 
approximately 60% of the UK’s largest fleet and leasing companies as of January 2021, approximately 50% of 
the Added Value Account segment as of January 2021, approximately 10% of breakdown assistance provided 
through insurance policies as of September 2020 and a greater share of the high value market than all other 
providers combined. During the year ended 31 January 2021, the AA responded to an average of approximately 
8,000 breakdowns a day. With more than 116 years of operating history, the AA is one of the most widely 
recognised and trusted brands in the UK. In addition, we have successfully leveraged this brand to become a 
leading provider of insurance broking services and driving services. 
We have a strong and diversified customer base, including approximately 11.9 million paid personal 
members and business customers as at 31 January 2021. 
Our business strategy is intended to deliver targeted investment in our people, our products, our 
systems and our operations. The objectives are: (i) innovate and grow Roadside; (ii) accelerate growth in 
Insurance; (iii) deliver operational and service excellence; and (iv) nurture a high-performance culture. For 
further details, see “—Our Strategic Objectives”, below. In line with this strategy, our products and services are 
split into two core segments, Roadside and Insurance. The Roadside segment consists of our B2C, B2B and 
Driving Services divisions. The Insurance segment consists of the Insurance Broker, the Financial Services 
partnership with the Bank of Ireland and AA Cars. 
In the year ended 31 January 2021, the Holdco Group generated revenue of £927 million and Trading 
EBITDA of £322 million, representing a Trading EBITDA margin of 35% (compared to £965 million and 
£341 million, respectively, in the year ended 31 January 2020, which represented a Trading EBITDA margin of 
35%). 
Our Strengths 
Highly resilient and recurring revenues with strong cash flow generation 
The performance over the last three years ended 31 January 2019, 2020 and 2021 demonstrates the 
resilience of the business despite the uncertain economic outlook and reflects the investments that have been 
made to support our long-term growth. The below table sets out the performance of the Holdco Group for each 
of the years ended 31 January 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
Year ended 
31 January 
(£ in millions, except where otherwise indicated) 
2019(1) 
2020 
2021 
Revenue...................................................................................................................................
960
965
927
Trading EBITDA(2) .................................................................................................................
337
341
322
Net cash flow from operating activities before tax and adjusting operating items(3)...............
289
336
281
Free cash flow(4)......................................................................................................................
4
85
31
Cash conversion(5)...................................................................................................................
51%
74%
62%
 
(1) 
For the financial year ended 31 January 2020, the Holdco Group adopted IFRS 16 “Leases”, which replaced IAS 17 “Leases”. 
The Holdco Group has not restated comparative information for prior periods, as permitted under the specific transition 
provisions in the standard. The reclassifications and adjustments arising from the new leasing rules are therefore recognised in 
the opening statement of financial position on 1 February 2019. Therefore, the financial information presented for the year ended 
31 January 2019 may not be comparable to the financial information presented for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 
31 January 2021. 
(2) 
Trading EBITDA is stated as reported in our historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
(3) 
Excludes discontinued operations and adjusting operational items. 
(4) 
Free cash flow is defined as net cash before payment of dividends, bond buy-backs and refinancing costs. 
(5) 
Cash conversion is defined as net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditure, as a percentage of Trading 
EBITDA.

--- Page 22 ---
2 
  
A large proportion of our revenue comes from repeat business, including renewing personal members, 
multi-year business roadside assistance contracts, insurance policy holders, contracts for driver training and 
education programmes and driving school franchisees. This high level of recurring revenue provides us with 
predictable cash generation that supports investment in the business and ongoing deleveraging. Further, in spite 
of volatility in new car registrations, the UK car parc has demonstrated resilient growth through various 
economic cycles, growing at CAGR 1.7% over the period 1994-2019, which supports a stable membership base. 
The Holdco Group has consistently delivered positive free cash flow in the three years ended 
31 January 2019, 2020 and 2021. This results from the majority of our personal members paying for services in 
advance while the majority of our suppliers are paid after the provision of goods and services. 
One of the most highly regarded and trusted consumer brands in the UK  
The AA is one of the most widely recognised and trusted consumer brands in the UK. With 
approximately 2,500 branded patrol vehicles on the road (as at 31 January 2021) and with further visibility 
generated by our Driving School business and AA Signs, the AA brand is highly visible and regarded, with 
stronger performance than our competitors on all key brand metrics, according to a third-party industry source. 
Customer engagement with our roadside assistance patrols is high given personal members on average 
use the AA once every two years. Our reputation for service excellence is evident through the high levels of 
satisfaction indicated by independent surveys. In June 2020, we were awarded top of the table as a “Which? 
Recommended Provider” for our third-party breakdown cover for the third year running and we were the 
breakdown service provider for the top six manufacturer brands for the second year running. In November 2019, 
we were named as the UK’s most reliable breakdown cover provider by What Car? for 2019, our second 
successive award by What Car? These awards are a strong validation of our business model and the outstanding 
customer service we consistently provide to our personal members and business customers. 
We are the leader in the stable UK roadside assistance market  
We are the largest roadside assistance provider in the UK with 3.168 million paid personal members 
and 8.7 million business customers as at 31 January 2021, covering approximately 32 million UK drivers. This 
represented approximately 40% of the consumer roadside assistance market as at 31 January 2021, a 
significantly larger share than the next largest roadside assistance provider, the RAC. We have approximately 
2,500 patrols providing roadside assistance. This market demonstrated resilience throughout the 2008 financial 
crisis and is presently demonstrating the same resilience in the current uncertain environment resulting from the 
outbreak of COVID-19 as customers recognise and value the benefit of roadside assistance cover. 
High levels of retention and loyalty in our personal membership base 
Average personal member retention (percentage of customers who remain with us after 12 months) was 
78% at 31 January 2021. Personal members demonstrate loyalty to the brand with an average tenure of 
approximately 12 years and retention rates increase with membership tenure. Approximately 38% of our annual 
paid personal members have been with the AA for more than 10 years, of which approximately 62% have been 
paid personal members for more than 20 years. Our long customer tenure and high retention rates show that our 
customers show strong brand loyalty to the AA. 
Difficult to replicate business in the mature and concentrated roadside assistance market 
The roadside assistance market in the UK is a mature and concentrated market. The three primary 
market participants are the AA, the RAC and Green Flag, which together accounted for approximately 79% of 
the combined consumer market as at September 2020. We believe that the substantial resources and scale 
required to operate an efficient national roadside service with competitive technical ability, combined with high 
start-up costs for new market entrants, makes our business model difficult to replicate. The following factors 
strengthen our position in that market: 
 
the strength of the AA brand established over a 116-year operating history has fostered high 
levels of loyalty among our customer base and has contributed to our high customer retention 
rates and leading market share; 
 
our national coverage and the economies of scale which we achieve through approximately 
2,500 patrols, as at 31 January 2021, allow us to reach our customers quickly and to provide a 
high quality, award-winning service;

--- Page 23 ---
3 
  
 
our sophisticated deployment processes and delivery systems have been specifically 
developed by the AA over years of operational experience and would be difficult and 
expensive to replicate; 
 
being a business partner of choice for roadside assistance with leading market share who 
focuses on nurturing long-term relationships and developing new strategic partnerships while 
utilising our proprietary data, scale, service excellence and technical expertise; and 
 
innovative digital capabilities enabling delivery of excellent customer experience and 
improving operational efficiency. 
Experienced and dedicated workforce and strong management team 
We have a highly skilled and experienced workforce and are selective in hiring automotive technicians 
who, once appointed as patrols, receive additional training and support and are subject to ongoing evaluation. 
We believe that the excellent quality of our workforce contributes to our high roadside repair rates, which in 
turn contribute to customer retention. 
We have a highly effective management team with decades of collective experience at the AA. As a 
result of the Acquisition, we are now well placed to leverage the deep wealth of experience that TowerBrook 
and Warburg Pincus have in partnering with management teams to drive and sustain value. 
Our Strategic Objectives 
Our strategy puts service, innovation and data at the heart of the AA. The key focus of the strategy is to 
develop a range of products and services to support driver needs and to make these available to customers 
through simple, intuitive digital channels. We aim to make these services available to all UK drivers as we move 
towards our vision—making Britain’s driving life simpler and smarter. This will enable us to innovate and grow 
our Roadside business and accelerate growth in our Insurance business. 
This strategy is intended to deliver targeted investment in our people, our products, our systems and 
our operations and address the challenges we face. The objectives of our strategy are to: (i) innovate and grow 
Roadside; (ii) accelerate growth in Insurance; (iii) further optimise our operations to deliver operational and 
service excellence; and (iv) nurture a high-performance culture. 
Our aim is to deliver significant benefits for our customers, while creating long-term sustainable value 
for our stakeholders by: 
1. 
Increasing our addressable market: As we expand our product and service offering, we see our 
addressable market grow to cover all of Britain’s drivers. 
2. 
Expanding the awareness of our products: Our marketing strategy will be centred on making Britain’s 
driving life better and will increasingly span the breadth of our product and service offering. 
3. 
Keeping customers for longer: Through our user-friendly digital interface, we will be able to engage 
more regularly and effectively with customers while offering a better overall experience. 
4. 
Reducing our cost of customer acquisition: As customers buy more products from us, our acquisition 
costs will go down thereby helping us to deliver significant operational and cost efficiencies. 
5. 
Optimising the cost to service our customers: We believe that our ongoing digital and self-service 
options should lead to a reduction in costs for us whilst also delivering better experiences for our 
customers. 
The Acquisition has already enabled us to undertake significant deleveraging, as illustrated by our 
Class B Notes transaction in March 2021, and we will be able to work towards further deleveraging and 
rebalancing our capital structure over the long term. The expected cash savings that this will generate will 
enable us to accelerate our plans for long term growth. 
We believe that we are making significant progress on our strategic plan and are building operational 
momentum across the AA, through strategic partnerships, the development of technology-led innovations such 
as Smart Breakdown, Smart Care, Accident Assist and improvements in our digital reporting and diagnostic

--- Page 24 ---
4 
  
capabilities. We believe these efforts will differentiate the AA, help our customers in their daily driving lives, 
improve our operational efficiency and generate additional revenue streams from both within and outside our 
current core membership base. 
Return Roadside Members to Growth 
Our strategy builds on the strong foundation of our Roadside business, in particular our strong service 
ethos and commitment to delivering outstanding customer service for our members and customers 24/7, 
365 days a year. Recognising the changes facing the automotive sector including the Government’s proposal to 
bring forward the electrification of the UK car parc, we have adopted a multi-faceted approach to innovating 
and growing our roadside business which will help to build on our market leading position and establish a clear 
point of differentiation from our competitors. 
Roadside initiatives  
1 
Connected Breakdown Strategy 
We are well positioned to play a central role in shaping the way the market reacts to emerging trends, 
such as connected car, electric and hybrid vehicle growth and changing ownership models. We believe these 
trends present opportunities for the AA, and we are ensuring we are progressing our connected car development. 
Our implementation strategy will mean that we are not simply layering digital propositions onto our 
organisation, but actively embedding it deeply into our product set and operations. Our aim with the connected 
car offering is to provide real benefits for customers as well as reducing costs. The AA’s prognostic expertise 
and new products is expected to enable us to move from reacting to breakdowns to predicting, preventing and 
protecting customers against them. 
2 
Ongoing innovation to strengthen our brand and differentiate our products and services 
We are also innovating in other areas of our operations, such as with regard to electric vehicles (EVs), 
which are expected to make up most of the new car sales in the UK from 2035. We have taken steps to improve 
our EV capabilities, by training and equipping our patrols and technicians appropriately for working on and 
recovering EVs.  
We have also recently developed a high-speed freewheeling hub, a novel solution to the issue of the 
towing of vehicles that normally cannot be towed on two wheels, such as vehicles with seized brakes, failed 
wheel bearings, four-wheel drives or EVs. This feature is now being used by more than 900 patrols and will be 
rolled out to all patrols in the coming months. The use of the freewheeling hub has led to shorter waiting times 
and reduced CO2 emissions for breakdown recoveries, as AA vans can now be used to tow more cars, freeing 
up large recovery trucks for complex breakdowns involving heavier or more damaged vehicles. The 
freewheeling hub works in conjunction with the AA’s Multi-Fit wheel and new heavy-duty Multi-Fit wheel for 
larger vehicles, enabling patrols to fit temporary spare wheels to almost any vehicle. It also has its own heavy-
duty high-speed bearing, which allows the wheel to turn independently from the car. 
We are also adapting other aspects of our operations for EVs. For example, we aim to provide a EV 
owner-friendly user experience and interface, and to use our platforms to increase awareness of EV-ownership 
and dispel common misconceptions about EVs. 
We will continue to invest in innovating and developing our pipeline of differentiated products and 
services to meet customer needs while maintaining a firm focus on cost management and return on investment. 
3 
Growing our base with new segments 
In addition to our traditional 50-year old plus personal member demographic, we continue to look to 
diversify our member base to new segments including younger audiences who, while heavily car reliant, are less 
aware of the importance and value of high quality breakdown cover and the range of products and services that 
the AA can provide in supporting a broad range of driver needs. 
The AA is a long-standing and purposeful British brand and our response at the start of the COVID-19 
outbreak was to act in the way that a true market leader acts—step up at a time when the UK needed us most. 
Under the internal mantra of #ProudToKeepBritainMoving, we were one of a handful of advertisers to get 
behind the very first Channel 4 #ClapForOurCarers ad-break, supported ambulance services across the UK, 
gave NHS staff free breakdown cover and waived driving instructor fees, among other things.

--- Page 25 ---
5 
  
Our marketing campaign ‘That Feeling’, which we launched in July 2020, has been positively received 
both internally and externally. The campaign was our most effective to date and contributed to improvements at 
every stage of the customer journey from consideration to purchase. The campaign is a useful stepping stone to 
allow us to act more confidently in our communications while broadening our approach to take the business 
forwards with multiple product offerings and an ever-changing UK audience. 
Our future marketing strategy will be centered on making Britain’s drivers’ lives simpler and smarter 
and will increasingly span the breadth of our offering.  Beyond marketing we are continuing to expand our base 
of new segments through our non-member insurance channel and strategic B2B partnerships like Admiral and 
Nationwide. 
4 
Digital adoption and innovation to drive broader member engagement 
The ability to report a breakdown digitally, via either our website or mobile app, helps to improve the 
experience for our members by giving them greater choice of how they communicate with us, saving them time, 
making our service even more accessible and helping us to improve our operational efficiency. 
We have made good progress with developing our digital channels in 2021, which continue to perform 
in line with expectations. A key highlight of the year ending 31 January 2021 was the improvement to self-serve 
journeys, including online renewal capability for our roadside and insurance customers, which has significantly 
enhanced our customer’s digital experience. Of note, the improvements to our insurance digital journeys have 
received external recognition and we were pleased to have won a gold award for Best Digital Customer 
Experience at the Insurance Times Awards 2020.   
Our digital breakdown reporting channels continue to perform well, and this capability has been 
expanded to our 2.2 million Lloyds Bank customers, who are now able to report a breakdown via our mobile 
application or online. They are also able to log in via these channels to view the details of their cover.  We plan 
to continue to roll out this functionality to other customer groups throughout the financial year 2022, in order to 
further reduce our cost to serve and improve our customer service. 
Looking ahead, we are planning to launch significant enhancements to our customer experience 
through the development of our digital journeys including the app, which will enable additional self-service and 
cross sell capabilities, therefore increasing revenue per customer and reducing our cost base. We will also 
continue to extend and roll out digital journeys to our B2B customers. 
5 
Targeted investments in our membership systems to drive retention 
We are making steady progress building our fit for the future tech estate, including continuing to build 
out CATHIE, our membership system. We plan to continue with the migration of existing policies, with an 
implementation programme that minimises the risk of this transition to our members and business. The 
investments we have made and will continue to make in marketing and pricing capabilities, as well as our online 
offerings including our app will give us important capabilities to improve retention performance, grow our 
membership base as well as drive cost reduction. 
Continue growth in Insurance 
The AA’s Insurance business is at the core of the membership proposition we are developing, and we 
have a significant opportunity to continue to accelerate growth of this business. We believe that with further 
investment in both our broker’s pricing agility and the AA Group’s in-house underwriter, we can accelerate that 
growth further. The initiatives in place to achieve this are as follows: 
 
Broaden footprint by targeting new customers who have never been members of the AA; 
 
Develop more competitive pricing through greater agility from investment in IHP and 
improved customer analytics; and 
 
Integrate digital and connected car products and data across businesses to provide a leading 
customer offering through its simplicity and as a one-stop-shop for motoring needs. 
The ongoing improvements in our customer journey are helping to deliver consistent and healthy 
cross-sell conversions into our Roadside business. In addition, we believe there is a strong potential for further 
growing our membership base via under-penetrated age groups. We intend to build on our brand consideration,

--- Page 26 ---
6 
  
which is the highest in motor insurance and to improve pricing agility through growing and improving the 
valuable data and analytics collected through Smart Breakdown technology. 
Accident Assist, our recently launched in-house claims management proposition, is performing well, 
and, following the implementation of a new claims handling platform from ICE InsureTech and the 
consolidation of all our claims operations into Royal Tunbridge Wells during the first half of the year ending 31 
January 2021, we are starting to see positive momentum building. We successfully completed the roll-out of this 
new capability across our motor insurance panel members ahead of schedule and in December we were pleased 
to expand this service to our Roadside members which is a key differentiator for our roadside business and a 
great opportunity in our ambitious plan to become the natural ‘first call’ after an accident. 
Further optimise our operations to deliver operational and service excellence 
Our ability to deliver best-in-class customer service is dependent on our operational efficiency and the 
resilience of our operational base. The targeted investments that we have made in our people and technology 
since 2018 have enabled the business to build a solid foundation from which to deliver consistently high levels 
of customer service. This in turn helps to nurture brand loyalty and provides us with a platform from which we 
can continue to grow our customer base. In June 2020, we were pleased to have achieved the top place for third 
party breakdown cover in an assessment by independent consumer champion Which?. This was the third year 
running where we were top of the table. We were also the breakdown service provider for the top six 
manufacturer brands for the second year running. This is a strong validation of our business model and the 
outstanding customer service delivery we provide to all our personal members and business customers. 
To ensure we strike the optimal balance between the right level of front-line resourcing and flexibility 
in our cost base to redeploy resources during quieter periods, we have introduced more flexible working 
arrangements for our roadside assistance patrols. New initiatives have included looking to utilise our patrols’ 
experience to broaden our technical services business by working on new revenue channels, such as on vehicle 
recalls for OEMs and supporting the London Ambulance Services during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
We have also made several key senior hires while reorganising and simplifying our management 
structure and reporting lines across our operational base, to promote greater transparency and collaboration.We 
have implemented several operational initiatives while maintaining strict cost discipline, including 
improvements to our business and planning process to drive greater focus on value creation and cost structure. 
For example, we have also recently implemented a new feature, Contact Centre as a Service (“CCaaS”), a new 
telephony system which provides phone, recording and workforce planning for the AA Group, which provides 
greater flexibility and opportunities for new customer focused features (including digital integration). In order to 
mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we executed a number of short-term measures to defer and reduce our 
operating costs so as to preserve cash flow and protect profitability, while delivering the operational and service 
excellence our customers expect from us. Looking toward the longer term, we expect that the growth of our 
digital reporting capabilities, increased mobile app penetration and our Smart Breakdown proposition will help 
deliver further operational cost efficiencies across our business and drive further improvement in our service 
delivery levels. 
Nurture a high-performance culture 
Our people are key to delivering for our customers and to achieving business success. Our aim is to 
ensure that all our employees are motivated and engaged, with clear focus and purpose, and have the support 
they need to do their jobs. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, women represented 32% of our workforce. We are now focusing 
on cross-team working, involving all our employees and sharing their ideas to help improve our business. We 
are working hard to increase opportunities for development and career progression across the AA and ensuring 
that we promote a culture of recognition and support, especially for our customer-facing teams. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy 
Our external ESG strategy is headlined ‘cleaner, safer, smarter’. This is a strategy that we have 
developed to support our extensive campaigning work on behalf of Britain’s drivers. Internally, we put the 
health, safety, security and wellbeing of our colleagues, customers and the public first in everything we do, 
alongside our efforts to manage our environmental impact, prepare for a changing customer car parc and govern 
our business ethically and responsibly. This dual strategy runs through our operations, business units and

--- Page 27 ---
7 
  
campaigning work. Our core strategies allow us to continue to assume a leading role in tackling safety, 
innovation, mobility and environmental issues. 
Cleaner and Environment 
We acknowledge our responsibility and the vital role we can play in addressing our impact on climate 
change. More than ever, we are committed to driving climate action within the fields we can directly influence 
but also to lead the wider market. We have taken actions to reduce our own carbon footprint. In 2020, these 
have included the purchasing of 100% renewable electricity for our sites, as well as the further development of 
our ‘remote fix’ strategy that was implemented in order to reduce the fuel consumption of our fleet. We also 
seek to influence Government, decision-makers and the driving public on steps that can be taken to mitigate the 
climate crisis. We have supported the introduction of ‘green’ number plates to identify electric and zero 
emission vehicles and encourage their take-up. In addition, we often poll our customers on issues such as 
accelerating the rollout of EVs and ensure that the results are communicated to Government and other relevant 
stakeholders. 
Safer and Social 
Our key focus remains to ensure that we operate safely in a manner that protects our customers, 
colleagues and the public. This has involved us leading on a national campaign for significant improvement in 
the safety standards on smart motorways. Our broader social remit also means working with suppliers who share 
our values and supporting local charities around our UK offices. We have further rolled out a scheme together 
with the University of Bristol that helps teenage care leavers learn to drive, which improves both their job 
prospects and self-esteem. We have also recently refreshed our diversity and inclusion strategy, targeting six 
key communities to fully embrace the diversity of our employees and enable an inclusive working environment. 
Smarter and Governance 
Good corporate governance is important as it covers everything from how we listen to our customers 
and people, to the way we run our company. We have rolled out a new Code of Conduct and have fully 
implemented the Senior Managers and Certification Regime. We have also improved our training in areas such 
as anti-bribery and corruption, whistleblowing, information security and data protection. The feedback 
platforms that we have developed allow us to listen to our customers. AA Yonder Poll is the biggest dedicated 
motoring panel in Europe; it allows thousands of drivers each month to influence our policies. 
Our History 
The AA was formed in 1905 by a group of motoring enthusiasts in London. The official duties of the 
first AA patrols were to indicate dangers on the road and help motorists who had broken down. 
By 1909 the patrols, who by that time had begun to wear uniforms, were recognised across England 
and Scotland. In the early years, agents and repairers, appointed by the AA, assisted drivers in identifying 
journey routes and began inspecting and classifying hotels. Following the First World War, the patrol service 
began to use motorcycles equipped with tools, spare parts and fuel in making roadside repairs. 
By 1939, the AA had 725,000 policyholders (“personal members”) who subscribed for roadside 
assistance cover through membership agreements; this was equivalent to 35% of the two million cars then on 
the road. By 1950, the AA had reached the milestone of one million personal members. 
The AA launched its Insurance Services business in 1967, enabling motorists to take insurance cover 
from an organisation with which they were familiar and that they could trust. 
During the 1970s and 1980s, the AA introduced four-wheeled patrol vehicles and guaranteed transport 
of broken-down vehicles and their drivers to their final destination. It also began to develop 
business-to-business relationships, whereby its roadside assistance service would be offered to the customers of 
car manufacturers, fleet and leasing companies and financial service providers as a complementary service. 
The AA began offering its own non-insurance, financial services products in 1980. These were 
extended to include savings accounts, unsecured loans, credit cards and life insurance policies. 
The AA driving school was launched in 1992.

--- Page 28 ---
8 
  
In 1999, AA members voted to demutualise and join the Centrica Group. 
In October 2004, the AA was acquired from Centrica by the private equity groups CVC and the 
Permira Funds. In 2007 it was brought under common ownership with Saga (which was owned by private 
equity group Charterhouse) through the Acromas Group. Until June 2014, the AA operated as a subsidiary of 
the parent company Acromas. 
The AA launched its Home Emergency Services operations in 2010. On 29 November 2017, the AA 
announced the sale of its Home Emergency Services consumer policy book to HomeServe, which remains in 
line with the AA’s strategic focus on Roadside and Insurance announced in February 2018. 
On 26 June 2014, the ordinary share capital of AA plc was admitted to the standard listing segment of 
the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
(the “IPO”). On 28 January 2015, the listing category of all of AA plc’s ordinary shares was transferred from 
the standard listing segment to the premium listing segment of the Official List of the UK Listing Authority. 
In July 2015, we relaunched our Financial Services business in partnership with the Bank of Ireland 
and in January 2016, the AA Group launched its own in-house insurance underwriter. 
On 11 August 2016, we completed the sale of AA Ireland, our Irish business. 
On 1 October 2017, the company assumed control of AA Cars, an online used car sales platform, for a 
consideration of £26 million. On 1 March 2018, the AA completed the purchase of the entire share capital of 
AA Cars. 
On 29 November 2017, the AA announced the sale of its Home Emergency Services consumer policy 
book to HomeServe. The sale was completed in January 2018. 
On 1 February 2019, we completed the purchase of the entire share capital of AA Prestige, a 
technology-led supplier of service, maintenance and repair services to fleet and leasing companies. 
On 29 March 2019, we completed the sale of 51% of the share capital of AA Media Limited, which 
produces atlases, maps and travel guides and manages a hotels rating business and a merchandising portfolio, to 
Enthuse Group as part of a joint venture partnership. AA Media Limited will continue to use the AA brand 
under a brand licensing agreement. 
On 21 May 2020, we completed the sale of 100% of the share capital of AA Underwriting Limited and 
Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited, which were our two authorised insurance underwriting 
companies in the UK. At the time of sale, these companies had no live policies and were in run-off. 
On 9 March 2021, the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of AA plc was acquired by 
Bidco by means of a scheme of arrangement. See “—The Acquisition”. 
The Acquisition 
On 25 November 2020, we announced that our board of directors had reached agreement on the terms 
of a recommended cash acquisition by Bidco, a newly formed joint venture company indirectly owned in equal 
shares by (i) funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates (the “TowerBrook Funds”) and (ii) private equity 
funds managed by Warburg Pincus or its affiliates (the “Warburg Pincus Funds”, and together with the 
TowerBrook Funds, the “Consortium”) of the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of AA plc 
(the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was effected by means of a scheme of arrangement (the “Scheme”). On 8 
March 2021, the relevant court sanctioned the Scheme to effect the Acquisition and the Scheme became 
effective on 9 March 2021. 
The cash consideration payable under the Acquisition was financed by funds invested indirectly in 
equal parts by the TowerBrook Funds and the Warburg Pincus Funds. 
Following completion of the Acquisition, AA plc delisted from the London Stock Exchange on 10 
March 2021 and was re-registered as a private limited company (AA Limited) on 17 March 2021. 
As part of the Acquisition, the Consortium stated that it was their intention to delever the Class A debt 
incurred by the Holdco Group.  Accordingly, in the last quarter of 2021, Bidco intends to inject £100 million of

--- Page 29 ---
9 
  
cash into the Holdco Group which will be applied to repay the Class A5 IBLA and in turn to redeem in full the 
£372 million of Sub-Class A5 Notes on or before their Expected Maturity Date on 31 January 2022. 
Bidco intends to work with our management to complete its evaluation of the business and establish its 
strategic plans going forward and undertake a thorough evaluation of the strategy, operations and organisational 
structure of the AA, considering both the short-term and long-term objectives of the business. This evaluation, 
which is expected to last up to twelve months after the Acquisition, is expected to focus on: 
 
reviewing the strategy of the AA Group and each of our business units, markets, customers 
and product offerings, particularly in light of an evolving regulatory landscape in which we 
operate; 
 
identifying existing and new growth and development opportunities to drive additional 
profitable growth; 
 
a full evaluation of the ongoing digital and technological transformation of our business, and 
the significant technology platform migrations that we have been pursuing over the past few 
years; and 
 
considering initiatives across our different business units to optimise operational efficiency, 
cash flow generation and return on capital invested. 
As part of the comprehensive evaluation referred to above, Bidco is expected to carry out an 
assessment of potential alterations to our management and organisational structure. This review will focus on 
possible cost efficiencies across the whole of our business, in particular those that could be enabled by our 
ongoing digital and technological transformation. 
Current Trading 
The Group continues to show resilience against the ongoing trading challenges and extended 
restrictions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we continue to prioritise the wellbeing of our 
staff, members, customers, and suppliers. Our Roadside business has held up despite COVID-19 restrictions in 
terms of both paid membership numbers and EBITDA, although the smaller businesses including AA Driving 
Schools have been constrained as a result of such restrictions. In Insurance, we have seen aggressive price 
competition in recent months, particularly in new business pricing in motor, which we expect to last until the 
FCA pricing practices reforms take effect later in 2021. However, we believe our business model remains robust 
and the Group continues to trade in line with overall performance in the two financial years ended 31 January 
2020 and 31 January 2021. The change of ownership was completed in March 2021 and, with the additional 
equity injected, and a further contribution of £100 million still to come, we believe our balance sheet and capital 
structure is materially enhanced following the change of ownership. Underlying cash generation remains strong, 
and the Group continues to invest in the future of the business. As the business environment changes due to 
regulations, COVID-19 restrictions and changing working and social practices, we believe the Group has the 
flexibility to improve performance combined with our investment for future growth.

--- Page 30 ---
10 
  
Overview of the Programme 
The Programme ...................................  
The Issuer has established the Programme to raise finance in the capital 
markets (i) to fund advances to the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs (as 
defined below) to enable the Borrower to directly or indirectly refinance 
Existing Indebtedness and/or to raise new indebtedness for any purpose 
permitted by the Transaction Documents and (ii) for general corporate 
purposes including the funding of acquisitions and the making of 
Restricted Payments subject to the applicable conditions. The Class A 
IBLAs will form part of the capital structure of the Holdco Group, which 
will also incorporate revolving bank facilities, medium term bank debt 
and risk management hedging, which will rank pari passu with the Class 
A IBLAs. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time issue Class B Notes subject 
to the satisfaction of certain conditions. For so long as any Class A Notes 
are outstanding, the Class B Notes will be subordinated to the Class A 
Notes. 
The Issuer .............................................  
The Issuer has been incorporated as a special purpose company for the 
purpose of (i) issuing notes under the Programme described in this Base 
Prospectus, (ii) issuing the Class B Notes and (iii) on-lending the 
proceeds of such issuances to the Borrower in accordance with the Class 
A IBLAs and Class B IBLAs (as relevant). For further details of the 
Issuer, see the section entitled “The Issuer”. 
The Class A IBLAs and Use of 
Proceeds ................................................  
On or prior to each Issue Date on which the Issuer issues Class A Notes 
(the proceeds of which are intended to be on-lent to the Borrower), if such 
Class A Notes are not fungible with an existing Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, then a new Class A IBLA will be entered into by the Issuer and the 
Borrower, amongst others, on substantially the same terms as the Initial 
Class A IBLA (subsequent Class A IBLAs along with the Initial Class A 
IBLA being the “Class A IBLAs” and each a “Class A IBLA”). If on any 
Issue Date the Issuer issues Class A Notes which are fungible with an 
existing Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the proceeds of such issue will be 
lent to the Borrower as a further advance under the Class A IBLA 
corresponding to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
 
The maturity date, redemption premium, interest rates and payment dates 
with respect to each advance made by the Issuer to the Borrower under a 
Class A IBLA (a “Class A IBLA Advance”) including any sub-advances 
(each a “Class A IBLA Sub-Advance”) will correspond to the terms of 
the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes and any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement in respect of which no back-to-back hedging arrangement has 
been entered into with Borrower. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations to repay principal of, and pay interest on, the 
Class A Notes are intended to be met primarily from the payments of 
principal and interest received from the Borrower under the 
corresponding Class A IBLA and payments received under any related 
Issuer Hedging Agreement and any back-to-back hedging arrangements 
entered into with the Borrower in respect of such Issuer Hedging 
Agreement. The Obligors’ assets, which secure the Borrower’s 
obligations to pay under the Class A IBLAs, have characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and 
payable under the Class A IBLAs and, consequently, on the Class A 
Notes. 
 
Failure of the Borrower to repay a Class A IBLA Advance on the 
expected final maturity date in respect of such Class A IBLA will be a 
CTA Event of Default, although it will not, of itself, constitute a Class A 
Note Event of Default (as defined below).

--- Page 31 ---
11 
  
 
The proceeds from each issue of Class A Notes under the Programme will 
be on-lent to the Borrower under the terms of a Class A IBLA. The 
Borrower will apply the proceeds of the Class A IBLA Advances under 
the Class A IBLAs (a) to refinance existing indebtedness; and (b) for 
general corporate purposes and as permitted pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
 
For further details of the Class A IBLAs, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Finance Documents—Class A IBLAs”. 
The Senior Term Facility ....................  
The Borrower and the STF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement on 26 February 2021 (which became 
effective from 10 March 2021) (the “Senior Term Facility Agreement”) 
under which a facility of  up to £150,000,000 (the “Senior Term 
Facility”) was made available.  The Senior Term Facility was drawn in 
full on 10 March 2021 and applied to repay amounts outstanding under 
the 2018 Senior Term Facility Agreement. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Senior Term Facility was fully drawn. 
 
For further details of the Senior Term Facility Agreement, see the section 
entitled “Summary of the Finance Documents—Senior Term Facility 
Agreement”.  
The Working Capital Facility .............  
The Borrower and the WCF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into the 
Working Capital Facility Agreement on 26 February 2021 (which became 
effective from 10 March 2021) (the “Working Capital Facility 
Agreement”). The commitments under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement which replaced the existing commitments under the 2018 
Working Capital Facility Agreement. The credit facility made available to 
the Borrower by the WCF Lenders under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement comprises a revolving working capital facility of up to 
£55,729,915 (the “Working Capital Facility”) (such amount capable of 
being reborrowed following repayment in accordance with the terms of 
the Working Capital Facility Agreement), which the Borrower must apply 
towards working capital purposes. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Working Capital Facility was undrawn. Subject to the terms of the 
Working Capital Facility Agreement and any document relating to or 
evidencing the terms of an ancillary facility, a WCF Lender may make 
available an ancillary facility to the Borrower in place of all or part of its 
commitment under the Working Capital Facility (each a “WCF Ancillary 
Facility” and together the “WCF Ancillary Facilities”). The maximum 
aggregate amount of commitments of all WCF Lenders under the WCF 
Ancillary Facility is £37,149,561. 
 
For further details of the Working Capital Facility Agreement, see the 
section entitled “Summary of the Finance Documents—Working Capital 
Facility Agreement”.  
The Liquidity Facility ..........................  
On 26 February 2021, the Issuer and the Borrower entered into the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement (which became effective from 10 March 
2021) with, among others, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity 
Facility Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Security Trustee and 
the Obligor Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility 
Providers grant to the Borrower a revolving 364-day liquidity facility in 
an aggregate amount equal to £160 million (which is renewable annually) 
to permit drawings to be made (a) by the Issuer to fund any Issuer 
Liquidity Shortfall and (b) by the Borrower to fund any Borrower 
Liquidity Shortfall. 
 
For further details of the Liquidity Facility, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Credit and Liquidity Support Documents—Liquidity 
Facility Agreement”.

--- Page 32 ---
12 
  
Common Terms Agreement................  
On 2 July 2013, each of the Obligors and the Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors entered into a common terms agreement (the “CTA” or 
“Common Terms Agreement”). The CTA sets out the representations, 
covenants (positive, negative and financial), Trigger Events and CTA 
Events of Default which apply to each Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(other than each Liquidity Facility, each Borrower Hedging Agreement 
and each OCB Hedging Agreement). 
 
For further details of the Common Terms Agreement, see the section 
entitled “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement”. 
Security Trust and  
Intercreditor Deed ...............................  
On 2 July 2013, each of the Obligors and the Obligor Secured Creditors 
entered into a security trust and intercreditor deed (the “STID” or the 
“Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). The STID sets out the 
intercreditor arrangements in respect of the Holdco Group and the 
Obligor Secured Creditors (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”). The 
Intercreditor Arrangements will bind each of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors and each of the Obligors. 
 
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other 
things: (a) the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors; (b) the exercise, 
acceleration and enforcement of rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors; 
(c) the rights of the Obligor Secured Creditors to instruct the Obligor 
Security Trustee; (d) the Entrenched Rights and the Reserved Matters of 
the Obligor Secured Creditors; and (e) the giving of consents and waivers 
and the making of modifications to the Common Documents. 
 
The Intercreditor Arrangements also provide for the ranking in point of 
payment of the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors both before and 
after the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice and for the subordination 
of all claims of Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated 
Investors. 
 
For further details of the STID, see the section entitled “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”. 
 
In addition, the STID regulates Topco and the Topco Secured Creditors, 
including the enforcement of the Topco Security. For further details, see 
the section entitled “Description of Other Indebtedness”. 
Guarantees ...........................................  
The Obligors cross-guarantee the Borrower’s obligations under the 
Obligor Secured Liabilities to the extent required to ensure that the 
aggregate EBITDA of the Obligors shall at no time fall below 90% of the 
consolidated EBITDA of the Holdco Group. In addition, each member of 
the Holdco Group which represents 5% or more of the consolidated 
EBITDA of the Holdco Group is required to become an Obligor. 
Principal Security for the Obligors’ 
Obligations ...........................................  
The Obligor Secured Liabilities are secured principally pursuant to a 
security agreement dated 2 July 2013 (the “Obligor Security 
Agreement”) between, among others, the Obligors and Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited (in its capacity as security trustee for the Obligor 
Secured Creditors (as defined below)) (the “Obligor Security Trustee”). 
 
For further details of the security for the obligations of the Obligors under 
the Finance Documents, see the section entitled “Summary of the Finance 
Documents—Obligor Security Agreement”. 
Hedging .................................................  
Pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement, the Borrower, each other 
member of the Holdco Group and the Issuer are subject to a hedging policy 
(the “Hedging Policy”) such that (unless the Hedging Policy requires or 
permits otherwise) at all times the Borrower and the Issuer (taken together) 
are hedged as regards interest rate risk in relation to the total outstanding 
Relevant Debt denominated in GBP so that (a) a minimum of 75% of the

--- Page 33 ---
13 
  
total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP is hedged pursuant 
to Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the shorter of (i) the 
average maturity of the Relevant Debt denominated in GBP and (ii) 3 
years, and (b) at all times, the aggregate notional amount of Hedging 
Transactions in respect of interest rate risk does not exceed 110% of the 
total Relevant Debt denominated in GBP. In respect of the currency risk in 
relation to interest payable and the repayment of principal in relation to the 
total outstanding Relevant Debt which is denominated in a currency other 
than GBP (a “Foreign Currency”), at all times the Borrower and the 
Issuer (taken together) must hedge such currency risk so that (a) a 
minimum of 100% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in 
a Foreign Currency is hedged pursuant to Hedging Transactions for a term 
no less than the shorter of (i) the average maturity of the Relevant Debt 
which is denominated in a Foreign Currency and (ii) 3 years, and (b) at all 
times, the aggregate notional amount of Hedging Transactions does not 
exceed 110% of the total Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign 
Currency. 
 
The Obligors may also enter into Commodity Hedging Transactions 
and/or FX Hedging Transactions for the purpose of hedging risks arising 
in the ordinary course of business from exposures to fluctuations in the 
price of commodities and/or foreign exchange rates (collectively, the 
“OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions”) subject to the OCB 
Secured Transaction Cap as determined pursuant to the Hedging Policy 
(after taking into account any Offsetting Transaction or any Overlay 
Transaction). 
 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group may also 
enter into Treasury Transactions for the purposes of hedging other risks 
arising in the ordinary course at the Holdco Group’s business (the “OCB 
Treasury Transactions”). 
 
The obligations of the Obligors under the OCB Secured Capped Hedging 
Transactions and OCB Treasury Transactions (collectively, the “OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions”) will be secured by the Obligor 
Security. 
 
For further details of the Treasury Transactions, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—
Hedging Policy”. 
 
For the purposes of the above, “Relevant Debt” means any principal 
amount outstanding (without double counting) under the Class A Notes, 
each Class A IBLA, any debt under any other Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility and any other debt incurred by the Issuer, the Borrower and/or 
any PP Note Issuer from time to time that bears interest at a floating rate 
or is denominated in a Foreign Currency and in either case that ranks pari 
passu with the foregoing (other than (i) any Liquidity Facility, (ii) any 
Hedging Agreement, (iii) any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, (iv) any 
amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee in 
accordance the STID, (v) any amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the 
Sixth Facility Fee in accordance with STID and (vi) any back-to-back 
hedge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower). 
 
For further details of the Hedging Policy, see the section entitled 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—
Hedging Policy”. 
Class B Notes ........................................  
In addition to the issue of Class A Notes and the entry into the Senior 
Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Facility Agreement, the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the 
Issuer may issue Class B Notes and on-lend the proceeds to the Borrower 
under a Class B IBLA.

--- Page 34 ---
14 
  
 
For so long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, the Class B Notes will 
be subordinated to the Class A Notes. For so long as any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility is outstanding (other than where the amounts 
outstanding under the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities relate to 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any 
Class B IBLA will be subordinated to the Class A Authorised Credit 
Facilities. For further details see the section “Description of Other 
Indebtedness”. 
Issuer Security .....................................  
The Issuer has given first-ranking security over all of its assets to the 
Issuer Security Trustee for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Creditors 
including the Class A Noteholders  and, on a contractually subordinated 
basis, the Class B Noteholders. The holders of any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes or Class B Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors until the date 
on which the Issuer makes an IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the 
corresponding IBLA.  
 
In addition to the Issuer Security, the Class B Noteholders will benefit 
indirectly from security granted by Topco to the Obligor Security Trustee 
over the entire issued share capital of Holdco. 
Governing law ......................................  
The Common Documents (other than the TAAL Share Security 
Agreement) and the Issuer Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer 
Jersey Share Security Agreement) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith are governed by English law. 
The TAAL Share Security Agreement and the Issuer Jersey Share 
Security Agreement are governed by Jersey law.

--- Page 35 ---
15 
  
Transaction Structure Diagram 
The following diagram is a simplified summary of our corporate and principal financing structure, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The diagram does not include all of the companies in the AA Group or the Holdco Group and does not 
include all of our debt obligations. For a summary of the debt obligations identified in this diagram, see 
“Capitalisation”, “Summary of the Common Documents”, “Summary of the Finance Documents”, “Summary of the 
Issuer Class A Transaction Documents” and “Description of Other Indebtedness”. Investors should note that AADL 
and AAISL comprise 58% of Trading EBITDA of the Holdco Group for the year ended 31 January 2021 and are the 
main entities which are funding the Borrower.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Basing Consortiumco Limited is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey owned in equal shares by TowerBrook 
Funds and Warburg Pincus Funds. ConsortiumCo was formed as a holding company for the purpose of the Acquisition, has no 
independent business operations and has not entered into any obligation other than in connection with the Acquisition. 
(2) 
Basing Topco Limited is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. Basing Topco was formed as a holding 
company for the purpose of the Acquisition, has no independent business operations and has not entered into any obligation other than in 
connection with the Acquisition. The Consortium indirectly owns, through ConsortiumCo, 84% of the share capital of Basing Topco with 
the remainder held by eligible shareholders of the AA as a result of the Acquisition.  
AA Limited(4) 
AA Midco Limited 
(“Topco”) 
AA Intermediate Co 
Limited (“Holdco”) 
AA Acquisition Co 
Limited (“Intermediate 
Holdco”) 
AA Senior Co Limited 
(“Borrower”) 
AA Corporation Limited 
Automobile 
Association 
Developments 
Limited 
(“AADL”) 
Intelligent 
Data 
Systems 
(UK) 
Limited 
DriveTech 
(UK) 
Limited 
Automobile 
Association 
Insurance 
Services 
Limited 
(“AAISL”) 
The 
Automobile 
Association 
Limited 
(“TAAL”) 
AA 
Financial 
Services 
Limited 
Class A 
Notes(7) 
AA Bond Co 
Limited (“Issuer”) 
Senior Term 
Facility(5) 
Working Capital 
Facility(6) 
AA Underwriting  
Insurance Company Limited 
Class B3 
Notes(8) 
Liquidity 
Facility(9) 
Hedging(10) 
Class A Notes 
     Obligor group 
Class A IBLAs 
Class B IBLAs  
Obligor Security 
Trustee 
Issuer Security 
Trustee 
Hedging(10) 
Non-Obligor 
Subsidiaries(11) 
Automobile 
Association 
Insurance 
Services 
Holdings 
Limited 
Bidco(3) 
Basing Topco(2) 
Other 
shareholders 
(2) 
Basing Consortium 
Limited(1) 
(“ConsortiumCo”)

--- Page 36 ---
16 
  
(3) 
Basing Bidco Limited (“Bidco”) is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. Bidco was formed as a holding 
company for the purpose of the Acquisition, has no independent business operations and has not entered into any obligation other than in 
connection with the Acquisition. 
(4) 
AA Limited is a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales. Bidco owns 100% of the issued 
ordinary share capital of AA Limited. 
(5) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Term Facility was fully drawn with £150 million outstanding. See “Summary of the 
Finance Documents –Senior Term Facility Agreement”. 
(6) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Working Capital Facility was undrawn, notwithstanding that a £10 million ancillary facility is in 
place to secure certain letters of credit. 
(7) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total of £1,997 million Class A Notes were in issuance. 
(8) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total of £280 million Class B3 Notes were in issuance. 
(9) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Liquidity Facility was undrawn.  
(10) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the variable interest rate element of borrowings under the Senior Term Facility was fully hedged by 
the Borrower. The Issuer has no hedging arrangements in place. 
(11) 
Non-Obligor subsidiaries may not represent more than 10% of the EBITDA of the Holdco Group.

--- Page 37 ---
17 
  
Key Characteristics of the Programme 
Issuer.....................................................  
AA Bond Co Limited, a public limited company incorporated in Jersey 
with limited liability (registration number 112992) having its registered 
office at 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PX, Channel Islands. 
The shares of the Issuer are 100% legally and beneficially owned by 
Holdco. The Issuer is tax resident in the UK. 
The Borrower .......................................  
AA Senior Co Limited, a private company incorporated in England and 
Wales with limited liability (registration number 05663655), having its 
registered office at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, 
RG21 4EA. The shares of the Borrower are 100% legally and beneficially 
owned by Intermediate Holdco. The Borrower is tax resident in the UK. 
Intermediate Holdco ............................  
AA Acquisition Co Limited, a private company incorporated in England 
and Wales with limited liability (registration number 5018987), having its 
registered office at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, 
RG21 4EA. The shares of Intermediate Holdco are 100% legally and 
beneficially owned by Holdco. Intermediate Holdco is tax resident in the 
UK. 
Holdco ...................................................  
AA Intermediate Co Limited, a private company incorporated in England 
and Wales with limited liability (registration number 05148845) having 
its registered office at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, 
Hampshire, RG21 4EA. The shares of Holdco are 100% legally and 
beneficially owned by Topco. Holdco is tax resident in the UK. 
Holdco Group.......................................  
Holdco and each of its Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer) (the “Holdco 
Group”). 
Holdco Security Group .......................  
The Borrower and each other Obligor (the “Holdco Security Group”).  
Holdco Group Agent ...........................  
Automobile Association Developments Limited (the “Holdco Group 
Agent”). 
Guarantee of Obligor Secured 
Liabilities ..............................................  
Each member of the Holdco Security Group has cross-guaranteed the 
Borrower’s and Obligors’ obligations under the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities to the extent required to ensure that the aggregate EBITDA of 
the Obligors shall at no time fall below 90% of the consolidated EBITDA 
of the Holdco Group to the Obligor Security Trustee. Holdco and 
Intermediate Holdco will also be Obligors. None of the Obligors and no 
other member of the Holdco Group will guarantee the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Class A Notes. 
Obligors ................................................  
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group that is party 
to the CTA and the STID as an Obligor in accordance with the terms of 
the Transaction Documents (each an “Obligor” and together the 
“Obligors”). 
Dealers ..................................................  
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Credit Suisse International, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets plc. 
Class A Noteholders.............................  
Subject to the paragraphs below, holders of the Class A Notes issued by 
the Issuer from time to time (each a “Class A Noteholder” and together 
the “Class A Noteholders”). 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the holders of 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall not be considered Issuer 
Secured Creditors or Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors until the date on 
which the proceeds of the issuance of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes have been released from escrow and advanced to the Borrower 
under the corresponding Class A IBLA. In addition, until such date, the

--- Page 38 ---
18 
  
holders of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall not be 
considered Class A Noteholders in relation to the modification of any 
Common Documents and/or Issuer Transaction Documents, the 
enforcement of the Obligor Security and/or the Issuer Security and/or the 
acceleration of the Class A Notes. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Class A Notes— If the Escrow 
Release Conditions are not satisfied in relation to any Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes, the Issuer will be required to redeem the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes, which means that you may not obtain the return you 
expect on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes.”, “Risk Factors—Risks 
relating to the Class A Notes—If Escrow Arrangements are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes until the relevant Class A Closing Date, the holders of such Sub-
Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors” and “Risk 
Factors—Risks relating to the Class A Notes— If Escrow Arrangements 
are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the 
relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) the relevant 
Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, all 
obligations of the Issuer to the relevant holders of such Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the Escrow Secured Property (as 
defined below)”. 
STF Lenders .........................................  
The lenders under the Senior Term Facility Agreement (the “STF 
Lenders”). 
WCF Lenders .......................................  
The lenders under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the “WCF 
Lenders”). 
STF Arrangers .....................................  
The arrangers under the Senior Term Facility Agreement (the “STF 
Arrangers ”). 
WCF Arrangers ...................................  
The arrangers under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the “WCF 
Arrangers ”). 
STF Agent ............................................  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (the “STF Agent”). 
WCF Agent...........................................  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (the “WCF Agent”). 
Class A Authorised Credit  
Providers ..............................................  
The “Class A Authorised Credit Providers” will comprise lenders or 
other providers of credit or financial accommodation under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (and will include, the Issuer, the STF Lenders, 
the WCF Lenders, the Liquidity Facility Providers and the Borrower 
Hedge Counterparties). 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors ......  
The Obligor Secured Creditors other than the Issuer in respect of the 
Class B IBLA(s) and any other Class B Authorised Credit Provider. 
“Obligor Senior Secured Creditor” means any one of them. 
Obligor Secured Creditors ..................  
The secured creditors of the Obligors (the “Obligor Secured Creditors”) 
will comprise the Obligor Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on 
behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors, the Issuer, the STF 
Lenders, the WCF Lenders, the WCF Agent, the STF Agent, the WCF 
Arrangers, the STF Arrangers, each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, each 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider and 
the Liquidity Facility Agent under each Liquidity Facility Agreement in 
respect of amounts owed to each of them by the Borrower from time to 
time, the Borrower Account Bank, any replacement Cash Manager who is 
not a member of the Holdco Group, each other Authorised Credit 
Provider, any Additional Obligor Secured Creditors, any Receiver or 
delegate of a Receiver or Obligor Secured Creditor and any other entity 
which provides funding to the Borrower and accedes to the STID from

--- Page 39 ---
19 
  
time to time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors). 
Issuer Secured Creditors .....................  
The secured creditors of the Issuer (the “Issuer Secured Creditors”) will 
comprise the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee (for 
itself and on behalf of the other Issuer Secured Creditors), each Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity 
Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility Agreement in respect of 
amounts owed to each of them by the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class B Principal 
Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class B Transfer Agent, 
the Class A Registrar, the Class B Registrar and Class A Agent Bank and 
any Calculation Agent under a Calculation Agency Agreement and any 
additional agents appointed by the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer 
Cash Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider 
or any other person which accedes to the Issuer Deed of Charge as an 
Issuer Secured Creditor after the Closing Date or who becomes a Class A 
Noteholder or a Class B Noteholder after the Closing Date. The holders of 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes or Class B Notes will not be Issuer 
Secured Creditors until the date on which the Issuer makes an IBLA 
Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding IBLA. 
Obligor Security Trustee .....................  
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee appointed 
pursuant to terms of the Obligor Security Agreement, the STID and any 
other document evidencing or creating security over any asset of an 
Obligor to secure any obligation of any Obligor to an Obligor Secured 
Creditor in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities (the “Obligor 
Security Documents”)) will act as security trustee for itself and on behalf 
of the Obligor Secured Creditors and will hold, and will be entitled to 
enforce, the security provided by the Obligors subject to the terms of the 
Obligor Security Documents. 
Class A Note Trustee ...........................  
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed) will act as Class A Note Trustee 
for and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders. 
Issuer Security Trustee .......................  
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) will act as security trustee (the 
“Issuer Security Trustee”) for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors and holds, and will be entitled to enforce, the Issuer Security 
subject to the terms of the Issuer Security Documents. 
Hedge Counterparties .........................  
Each Issuer Hedge Counterparty or, as the context may require, each 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty (each a “Hedge Counterparty, and 
together the “Hedge Counterparties”). 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties ........  
Any hedge counterparty to any Borrower Hedging Agreement which has 
acceded as a Hedge Counterparty to the STID and to the CTA (each an 
“Borrower Hedge Counterparty” and together the “Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties”) from time to time. 
 
A “Borrower Hedging Agreement” means an ISDA Master Agreement, 
substantially in the form of the pro-forma Hedging Agreement (as 
amended from time to time) entered into by the Borrower and a Borrower 
Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form 
in effect at the time each relevant Borrower Hedging Transaction is 
entered into) and which governs the Borrower Hedging Transactions 
between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the Borrower 
Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement.

--- Page 40 ---
20 
  
Issuer Hedge Counterparties ..............  
Any counterparty to any Issuer Hedging Agreement which has acceded as 
a hedge counterparty to the Issuer Deed of Charge (each an “Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty” and together the “Issuer Hedge 
Counterparties”) from time to time. 
 
An “Issuer Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement 
substantially in the form of the pro-forma Hedging Agreement to the 
Hedging Policy (as amended from time to time) entered into by the Issuer 
and an Issuer Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy 
(in the form in effect at the time each relevant Issuer Hedging Transaction 
is entered into) and which governs the Issuer Hedging Transactions 
between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the Issuer 
Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
OCB Secured Hedge  
Counterparty........................................  
An “OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty” means each Commodity 
Hedge Counterparty, each FX Hedge Counterparty and each OCB 
Treasury Counterparty. 
OCB Treasury Counterparty .............  
An “OCB Treasury Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under 
an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement which has acceded as an Obligor 
Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement. 
 
An “OCB Secured Hedging Agreement” means an ISDA Master 
Agreement entered into by an Obligor and a Commodity Hedge 
Counterparty, an FX Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Treasury 
Counterparty (as applicable) in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in 
the form in effect at the time each relevant OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction forming part thereof is entered into) and which governs the 
relevant OCB Secured Hedging Transaction between such parties, and 
such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement 
and the confirmations evidencing the relevant OCB Secured Hedging 
Transaction entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
Commodity Hedge  
Counterparty........................................  
A “Commodity Hedge Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty 
under an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement which has acceded as an 
Obligor Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
 
A “Commodity Hedging Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction, 
referencing, inter alia, the price of commodities, governed by an OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement and entered into by an Obligor and a 
Commodity Hedge Counterparty. 
FX Hedge Counterparty .....................  
An “FX Hedge Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under an 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement which has acceded as an Obligor 
Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement. 
 
An “FX Hedging Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction, 
referencing, inter alia, foreign exchange rates, governed by an OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement and entered into by an Obligor and an FX 
Hedge Counterparty. 
Issuer Account Bank ...........................  
Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to 
the Issuer Account Bank Agreement) (the “Issuer Account Bank”). 
Borrower Account Bank .....................  
Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement) (the “Borrower Account 
Bank”). 
Cash Manager and Issuer Cash 
Manager ...............................................  
Automobile Association Developments Limited, a company registered in 
England and Wales with registered number 1878835, or any substitute

--- Page 41 ---
21 
  
cash manager appointed in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) .............  
The lenders under the Liquidity Facility Agreement from time to time. 
Class A Registrar .................................  
In relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Registered Notes, Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas or, if applicable, any successor registrar 
appointed in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Class A Transfer Agent .......................  
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (or any successor Class A 
Transfer Agent appointed pursuant to the Transaction Documents) will 
act as Class A Transfer Agent and provide certain transfer agency 
services to the Issuer in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes issued 
in registered form. 
Class A Principal Paying Agent ..........  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch will act as Class A Principal Paying 
Agent (or any successor Class A Principal Paying Agent appointed 
pursuant to the Class A Agency Agreement) (the “Class A Principal 
Paying Agent”) and, together with any other paying agent appointed by 
the Issuer from time to time (each a “Class A Paying Agent”), will 
provide certain issue and paying agency services to the Issuer in respect 
of the Class A Notes. 
Rating Agency ......................................  
S&P. 
Programme Size ...................................  
Up to £5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
nominal amount of Class A Notes outstanding at any time as increased 
from time to time by the Issuer. 
Purpose .................................................  
The Issuer has entered into the Programme: 
 
(a) 
to fund advances to the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs to 
enable it directly or indirectly to refinance existing indebtedness 
and/or to raise new indebtedness for any purpose permitted by 
the Transaction Documents; and 
 
(b) 
for general corporate purposes including the funding of 
acquisitions and the making of Restricted Payments subject to 
the applicable conditions. 
Issuance in tranches and  
Sub-Classes ...........................................  
Class A Notes issued under the Programme will form a single class and 
be issued in tranches on each Issue Date. Each Sub-Class may comprise 
one or more tranches issued on different Issue Dates. Class A Notes 
issued after the initial issuance may be fungible with the Class A Notes 
issued on or after the Closing Date or may be issued on different terms in 
accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
 
On each Issue Date, the Issuer will issue the Sub-Classes of Class A 
Notes set out in the Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
published on the relevant Issue Date. 
Certain Restrictions .............................  
Each issue of Class A Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time including the restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
 
Class A Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional

--- Page 42 ---
22 
  
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Form and Status of  
Class A Notes........................................  
The Class A Notes will constitute unconditional obligations of the Issuer. 
Class A Notes will rank pari passu without preference or priority in point 
of security amongst themselves and will be issued in bearer or registered 
form. 
 
Class A Notes issued in registered form shall not be exchangeable for 
Class A Notes issued in bearer form. 
 
The Class A Notes represent the right of the holders of such Class A 
Notes to receive interest (where applicable) and principal payments from 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Class A 
Notes and the Class A Note Trust Deed entered into by the Issuer and the 
Class A Note Trustee in connection with the Programme, as 
supplemented by a First Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 
April 2014, a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 
November 2016 and a Third Supplemental  
Class A Note Trust Deed dated on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus (the “Class A Note Trust Deed”). 
Currencies ............................................  
Sterling and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus ............................................  
Class A Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either 
(a) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms, or 
(b) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. 
Denomination of  
Class A Notes........................................  
Class A Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements applicable to the currency of the relevant Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes. Class A Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
shall have a minimum Specified Denomination of £100,000, €100,000, 
U.S.$200,000 or not less than the equivalent of €100,000 in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Class A Notes. 
Maturities .............................................  
Subject to any applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant specified currency, the Class A Notes will have such maturities 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
In certain circumstances, where Class A Notes have a maturity of less 
than one year, such Class A Notes will be subject to limitations to ensure 
the Issuer complies with section 19 of the FSMA. For further details 
please see the United Kingdom selling restrictions as set out in the 
“Subscription and Sale” section of this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus for any particular Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes. 
Issue Price ............................................  
Class A Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Interest ..................................................  
Class A Notes will be interest-bearing and interest will be calculated 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus) on the Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined in the Class 
A Conditions) of such Class A Notes. Interest will accrue at a fixed rate

--- Page 43 ---
23 
  
and will be payable in arrear, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes ....................  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Class A Notes may accrue interest at a different fixed rate following the 
Expected Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Class A Note Interest Periods and 
Payment Dates .....................................  
Such interest periods and interest payment dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree in relation to a particular Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes. 
Expected Maturity ...............................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(a) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Expected 
Maturity”), unless previously redeemed in full, purchased or cancelled, 
each Sub-Class of Class A Notes is scheduled to be redeemed on the 
Expected Maturity Date for such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. However, if 
an Expected Maturity Date (falling prior to the Final Maturity Date) is 
specified in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and they are not redeemed on the 
Expected Maturity Date, no Class A Note Event of Default will occur as a 
result of any Class A Notes not being redeemed on their Expected 
Maturity Date and such Class A Notes will thereafter accrue interest at a 
different rate as set out in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
applicable to such Class A Notes. 
Final Redemption ................................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(b) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Final 
Redemption”), if a Sub-Class of Class A Notes has not previously been 
redeemed in full, purchased or cancelled, such Sub-Class shall be finally 
redeemed at its Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid 
interest on the Final Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If a Sub-Class of Class A Notes are not 
redeemed in full by their Final Maturity Date there will be a Class A Note 
Event of Default. 
Optional Redemption ..........................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(c) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Optional 
Redemption”), the Issuer may (prior to the Expected Maturity Date 
applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes) redeem any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes in whole or in part (but on a pro rata basis only) 
upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 15 days’ prior written notice 
to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A 
Noteholders on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date at their 
Redemption Amount (as defined in the Class A Conditions). If and for so 
long as the Borrower has not satisfied the Class A Restricted Payment 
Condition, any optional redemption of the Class A Notes will be required 
to be made on a pro rata basis. 
 
An optional redemption will be subject to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount and there being no Class A Note Event of Default, CTA Event of 
Default or Potential CTA Event of Default. 
Early Redemption on Prepayment of 
Class A IBLA .......................................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(e) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Early 
Redemption on Prepayment of a Class A IBLA”), if: 
 
(a) 
the Borrower gives notice to the Issuer under a Class A IBLA 
that it intends to voluntarily prepay all or part of any Class A

--- Page 44 ---
24 
  
IBLA Advance or the Borrower is required to prepay all or part 
of any Class A IBLA Advance; and 
 
(b) 
in each case, such advance was funded by the Issuer from the 
proceeds of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes,  
 
the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 10 nor less than 5 Business 
Days’ notice to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors 
and the Class A Noteholders, (where such advance is being prepaid in 
whole) redeem all of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes or (where 
part only of such advance is being prepaid) the proportion of the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes which the proposed prepayment amount bears 
to the amount of the relevant advance at the applicable amount. 
 
In the case of a voluntary prepayment of all or part of any Class A IBLA 
Advance and in certain other circumstances the Borrower shall pay to the 
Issuer an amount equal to the Redemption Amount plus accrued but 
unpaid interest on the relevant Class A IBLA Advance to the date of 
prepayment. 
Early Redemption following Loan 
Enforcement Notice .............................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(f) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Early 
redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice”) if the Issuer receives 
(or is to receive) any monies from any Obligor following the service of a 
Loan Enforcement Notice in repayment of all or any part of a Class A 
IBLA Advance in accordance with the STID, the Issuer shall, upon giving 
not more than 10 nor less than 5 days’ notice to the Class A Note Trustee, 
the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders apply such 
moneys to redeem the then outstanding Class A Notes corresponding to 
the Class A IBLA Advance at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus 
accrued but unpaid interest on the next Class A Note Interest Payment 
Date (or, if sooner, Final Maturity Date). 
Mandatory Redemption ......................  
If a Sub-Class of Class A Notes is not redeemed in full on the Expected 
Maturity Date of such Sub-Class, such Class A Notes will be redeemed at 
par in an amount corresponding to amounts (if any) received from the 
Borrower under the Class A IBLA from time to time. 
Special Mandatory Redemption .........  
As more particularly set out in Class A Condition 7(l) (see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Special Mandatory Redemption”), if Special Mandatory 
Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus for a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and a Special Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs, such Class A Notes will be redeemed at the 
Special Mandatory Redemption Price specified in the Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Redemption for Taxation or Other 
Reasons .................................................  
As more particularly set out in Class A Condition 7(d) (see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons”), if the Issuer 
satisfies the Class A Note Trustee that: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer would become obliged to deduct or withhold from any 
payment of interest or principal in respect of the Class A Notes 
(other than in respect of default interest), any amount for or on 
account of Taxes by the laws or regulations of the UK or Jersey 
or any political subdivision thereof, or any other authority 
thereof by reason of any change in or amendment to such laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by 
a court of competent jurisdiction); 
 
(b) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on or

--- Page 45 ---
25 
  
after the Closing Date, the Issuer is no longer a “securitisation 
company” (as defined in the Taxation of Securitisation 
Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 2006/3296) (the 
“Regulations”)) and is otherwise unable to claim a tax treatment 
in the United Kingdom that would prevent a material increase in 
the Tax liabilities of the Issuer compared to the treatment 
previously provided to the Issuer under such Regulations; 
 
(c) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on or 
after the Closing Date, the Borrower would on the next Class A 
Interest Payment Date be required to make any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any Taxes from payments in 
respect of a Class A IBLA; 
 
(d) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on or 
after the Closing Date, an Issuer Hedge Counterparty would be 
entitled to terminate a Hedging Agreement in accordance with its 
terms as a result of the Issuer or the Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
being required to make any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any Taxes from payments in respect of an Issuer 
Hedging Agreement; or 
 
(e) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), which change becomes effective on or 
after the Closing Date, it has or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform any of its obligations under any Class A IBLA 
or to fund or to maintain its participation in the Class A IBLA 
Advances, 
 
the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 15 nor less than 5 Business 
Days’ prior written notice to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured 
Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A 
Condition 16 (see “Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—
Notices”), redeem all (but not some only) of the affected Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes on any Interest Payment Date at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon. 
Class A Note Purchases .......................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(g) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Purchase of 
Class A Notes”), provided no CTA Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, the Issuer, the Borrower and any other members of the 
Holdco Group will be permitted to purchase any of the Class A Notes in 
the open market. If the purchaser of the Class A Notes is the Issuer, it 
shall cancel such Class A Notes and, if the purchaser of the Class A Notes 
is the Borrower or any other member of the Holdco Group, it shall 
surrender the Class A Notes to the Issuer and the Issuer shall cancel such 
Class A Notes and, in each case, a corresponding amount of the advances 
made under the relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Note will be treated as prepaid at par. 
 
Any Class A Note purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower 
or any other member of the Holdco Group shall, for so long as it is held 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Borrower or any other member of the 
Holdco Group, cease to have any voting rights and shall be excluded from 
any quorum or voting calculations set out in the Class A Conditions, the 
Class A Note Trust Deed or the STID, as the case may be. 
Class B Note Call Option ....................  
As set out in Class A Condition 7(h) (see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Class B Call 
Option”) and subject to the conditions described therein, upon the 
occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger Event, the Class B 
Noteholders have the option (the “Class B Call Option”) to purchase all

--- Page 46 ---
26 
  
(but not some only) of the Class A Notes and the Class A Authorised 
Credit Facilities (excluding any Class A IBLA) subject to certain 
conditions. If the Class B Call Option is exercised, the relevant Class A 
Noteholders and the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Provider, as the 
case may be, will be obliged to sell all (but not some only) of their 
holdings of such Class A Notes and such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility to the relevant Class B Noteholders. 
 
For further details of the Class B Call Option see “Summary of the Issuer 
Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge—Class B Call 
Option”. 
Taxation ................................................  
All payments in respect of Class A Notes will be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future Taxes unless and save to the extent that the withholding or 
deduction of such Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
not be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. 
Issuer Security .....................................  
The obligations of the Issuer (including, on a contractually subordinated 
basis, the obligations of the Issuer under the Class B Notes) are secured 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge and the other Issuer Security 
Documents. The Issuer has granted first-ranking security by way of, 
among other things, (i) assignments by way of security of its rights under 
the Class A IBLAs, the Liquidity Facility Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (ii) a fixed (which may take 
effect as a floating) charge over the Issuer Accounts (depending on the 
relevant account), and over Cash Equivalent Investments together with 
(iii) a floating charge over all of its assets to the extent not effectively 
charged or assigned by way of fixed security, in each case, in favour of 
the Issuer Security Trustee to be held on trust for the benefit of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors. 
Covenants .............................................  
The representations, warranties, covenants and events of default which 
will apply to the Class A Notes are set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed 
(see “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Class A 
Note Trust Deed”). 
Distribution ..........................................  
Class A Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Listing ...................................................  
It is expected that the Class A Notes issued under the Programme will be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
Ratings ..................................................  
The rating assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agency reflect 
only the views of the Rating Agency. The rating of a particular Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will 
depend, among other things, on certain underlying characteristics of the 
business and financial condition of the Holdco Group. A rating may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
Rating Agency. 
Class A Note Events of Default ...........  
Each of the following events of default constitutes a “Class A Note 
Event of Default”:

--- Page 47 ---
27 
  
 
(a) 
non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 5 
Business Days in the payment of interest or principal on any 
Sub-Class of the Class A Notes when due in accordance with the 
Class A Conditions; 
 
(b) 
breach of other obligations: default is made by the Issuer in the 
performance or observance of any other obligation, condition, 
provision, representation or warranty binding upon or made by it 
under the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction 
Documents (other than any obligation whose breach would give 
rise to the Class A Note Event of Default provided for in Class A 
Condition 10(a)(i) (see “Terms and Conditions of the Class A 
Notes—Class A Note Events of Default—Class A Note Event of 
Default—Non-payment”)) and, except where in the opinion of 
the Class A Note Trustee that such default is not capable of 
remedy, such default continues for a period of 30 Business Days 
and, in either case, provided that the Class A Note Trustee shall 
have determined that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders; 
 
(c) 
Issuer Insolvency Event: an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs; or 
 
(d) 
unlawfulness: it is, or will become, unlawful for the Issuer to 
perform or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect 
of the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction 
Documents (as defined in the Class A Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions ..............................  
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S). The Class A Notes may be offered 
and sold to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Regulation S. There are also restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Class A Notes in the EEA, the United Kingdom, Jersey and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of 
a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes. See “Subscription and Sale” and 
“Transfer Restrictions” below. 
Investor Information ...........................  
The Holdco Group Agent, is required to produce an Investor Report semi-
annually on each Reporting Date which will be posted on the Designated 
Website. The Holdco Group Agent is also required to publish annual 
audited accounts and an auditors’ report along with semi-annual 
unaudited accounts and compliance certificates.

--- Page 48 ---
28 
  
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Class A Notes involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information in this 
Base Prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Class A Notes. The 
occurrence of any of the events discussed below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and 
results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we believe we are exposed to. Additional risks 
that are not currently known to us, or that we currently consider to be immaterial (based on our regular risk 
assessment), could significantly impair our business activities and have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. If any one of these events occurs, the trading price of the Class A Notes 
could decline and we may not be able to pay interest or principal on Class A Notes when due, and you could lose all or 
part of your investment. 
This Base Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and estimates 
and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these 
forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, the risks described below and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry  
The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material impact on our 
business and results of operations. 
In late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was identified in the city of Wuhan in Hubei province in China 
(“COVID-19”) and has since spread globally to the point that on 11 March 2020 the World Health Organization 
labelled the outbreak a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a broad range of prophylactic measures being 
adopted by governments around the world aimed at mitigating the further spread of the virus. Key aspects of these 
measures included restrictions on travel and the closure of national borders, as well as the imposition of quarantines, 
stay-at-home orders, workplace closures, curfews, limitations on building occupancies and other social distancing 
measures. 
From March 2020 to July 2020, the UK government imposed a lockdown (the “first lockdown”), which 
closed non-essential businesses and required residents of the UK to remain at home (with certain prescribed 
exceptions). Consequently, domestic travel in the UK decreased, and as a result, demand for our roadside assistance 
services during the early stages of the lockdown decreased significantly. Although demand for roadside assistance later 
rebounded as lockdown restrictions were lifted and road travel increased, additional lockdowns including the national 
lockdown from 5 November 2020 to 2 December 2020 (the “second lockdown”), the introduction of Tier 4 
stay-at-home restrictions on 20 December 2020 and the national lockdown from 4 January 2021 to 11 April 2021 (the 
“third lockdown” and together with the first lockdown and second lockdown, the “lockdown periods”) have resulted 
in decreases in road travel and demand for our roadside assistance services. The UK subsequently went through a 
gradual reopening and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is currently at Step 3 of the UK government’s roadmap out 
of lockdown, where certain restrictions remain in place, such as limits on the number of households allowed to meet 
indoors. While the reopening may lead to increased demand, there remains a risk that the emergence of new variants of 
COVID-19 and the re-imposition of lockdowns or restrictions in the future could result in a decrease in road travel and 
demand for our roadside assistance services. 
Although there was a reduction in demand for roadside assistance services during the lockdown periods, we 
were able to continue to operate as we provide an essential service. Our number one priority is to protect the health and 
wellbeing of our staff, members, customers and suppliers. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we initiated a number of actions across our Roadside and Insurance 
businesses to ensure continuity of our operations and services, including ensuring our patrols continued to respond to 
breakdowns throughout the lockdown periods, taking extra care to follow health advice and the latest safety guidelines, 
and our Insurance segment customers were able to service their insurance policies and make claims. For example, we 
implemented an extensive programme of home working which enabled temporary closures of all our offices, with the 
exception of our emergency contact centre in Oldbury. We also introduced additional online resources for customers to 
access our services in order to minimise the risk of customers not being able to contact us in the event of an emergency. 
However, due to some limitations in being able to implement working from home rapidly, reduced staffing at some of 
our contact centres made the timely response to all incoming enquiries challenging at the beginning of the lockdown. 
Increased wait times to receive assistance can negatively impact the experience of our customers across the Roadside 
and Insurance segments. While we encouraged use of our online resources and were transparent about the potential for 
reduced call centre capacity due to the pandemic, there can be no guarantee that the increase in wait times did not 
adversely affect our personal members’ and business customers’ perception of our services.

--- Page 49 ---
29 
  
During the lockdown periods, our driving instructors were unable to conduct lessons as the AA and British 
School of Motoring (“BSM”) businesses (together, the “Driving Schools” business) suspended lessons from the 
commencement of the initial lockdown until 4 July 2020 in England. Furthermore, trading in the AA Cars and AA 
Prestige businesses in particular has decreased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. After the first lockdown 
restrictions eased, we started to see growth towards pre-COVID-19 levels in these businesses. However, the further 
lockdown periods also necessitated the suspension of driving lessons for segments of our Driving Schools business and 
reduced trading for AA Cars and AA Prestige. Although driving lessons have since restarted, there remains a risk that 
new lockdown restrictions in the future, as well as the longer term economic impact of COVID-19, may adversely 
affect these businesses and our results of operations generally. 
In addition to the direct impact that COVID-19 preventative measures have had, and may continue to have, on 
our business, travel restrictions and broader concerns regarding the pandemic may result in significant shifts in the 
behaviour of personal members and business customers as people are prevented from and/or actively avoid travelling 
for fear of spreading COVID-19. Furthermore, the rising prominence of remote working as a result of workplace 
closures and quarantines may cause a shift away from business-related travel in the future. In each scenario, people are 
potentially driving less and therefore, demand for our services may be negatively impacted to the extent these trends 
continue, which in turn would adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. While we continue to monitor and 
adjust our operations across the Holdco Group in an effort to minimise the impact on our revenue and cash flow, there 
can be no guarantee that these measures will prove effective or will materially reduce the adverse effects COVID-19 
has on our results of operations. 
It is impossible to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations going forward due to a 
variety of variables including (but not limited to) the ongoing restrictions in response to COVID-19, the trajectory of 
new cases in the UK and abroad, the length of time that preventative measures are maintained, the efficacy of various 
governmental stimulus packages, the timeframe for approval and widespread distribution of COVID-19 vaccines and 
the extent to which people’s behaviours and work patterns are permanently impacted (e.g. continued prominence of 
remote working even if an effective vaccines are distributed resulting in fewer car journeys). Therefore, we cannot 
reasonably estimate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and results of operations. To the extent the 
COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, liquidity and results of operations, it may also have the effect of 
intensifying many of the other risks described in “Risk Factors”, such as those relating to our high level of 
indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the 
covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 
We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of 
COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Holdco Group operates almost exclusively in the UK and will be required to do so in the future in 
accordance with the terms governing certain of our indebtedness. This means our success is closely tied to general 
economic developments in the UK and cannot be offset by developments in other markets. Negative developments in, 
or the general weakness of, the UK economy and, in particular, higher unemployment, lower household income and 
lower consumer spending may have a direct negative impact on the spending patterns of personal members and 
business customers, both in terms of the services they subscribe for and the amount of insurance and other products they 
purchase. Any negative economic developments in the UK could reduce consumer confidence, and thereby could 
negatively affect earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty in the UK economy and global financial markets. 
For example, according to the UK Office for National Statistics, UK GDP is estimated to have contracted by 20.4% in 
the first two quarters of 2020 (representing the largest contraction in the UK economy since record-keeping began) See 
“—The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material impact on our 
business and results of operations”. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many UK companies have furloughed or 
laid off employees to cope with workplace closures and decreased consumer spending, which in turn can result in lower 
household income, further depress consumer spending and negatively impact the spending patterns of personal 
members and business customers. Although the UK government currently has a furlough scheme in place, this is 
currently scheduled to end on 30 September 2021, which could have further negative impacts on levels of 
unemployment and the UK’s economic conditions, leading to less demand for our products and a corresponding 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, any deterioration in the UK economic and financial market conditions as a result of COVID-19 or 
otherwise may: 
 
cause financial difficulties for our suppliers and business partners, which may result in their failure to 
perform as planned and, consequently, create delays in the delivery of our products and services;

--- Page 50 ---
30 
  
 
result in inefficiencies due to our deteriorated ability to forecast developments in the markets in which 
we operate and failure to adjust our costs appropriately; 
 
cause reductions in the future valuations of our investments and assets and result in impairment 
charges related to goodwill or other assets due to any significant underperformance relative to our 
historical or projected future results or any significant changes in our use of assets or our business 
strategy; 
 
result in new, increased or more volatile taxes, which could negatively impact our effective tax rate, 
including the possibility of new tax regulations, interpretations of regulations that are stricter or 
increased effort by governmental bodies seeking to collect taxes more aggressively; and 
 
result in increased customer requests for reduced pricing and reduced renewal rates if these requests 
for reduced pricing are not granted. 
A worsening of economic conditions within the United Kingdom may lead to a decrease in subscribers to our 
roadside assistance services, our insurance products and generally result in personal members and business customers 
terminating their relationship with us. Therefore, a weak economy or negative economic development could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Spending on recreational travel and roadside assistance services is discretionary and price-sensitive. 
Conditions reducing disposable income or consumer confidence, such as those caused by COVID-19 or an increase in 
interest rates (which, among other things, could cause consumers to incur higher monthly expenses under mortgages), 
unemployment rates, direct or indirect taxes, fuel prices or other costs of living, may therefore lead to customers 
reducing or stopping their spending on recreational travel and roadside assistance services or opting for lower-cost 
products and services. These conditions may be particularly prevalent during periods of economic downturn or market 
volatility and disruption, such as amidst the present COVID-19 pandemic, and may be exacerbated when the UK 
government’s furlough scheme ends on 30 September 2021. Furthermore, in circumstances where all travel is curtailed 
(including for business), as was the case during the UK COVID-19 lockdown periods, demand for roadside assistance 
services may be similarly diminished. 
Under the terms of the EU Withdrawal Agreement, the UK withdrew from membership of the EU on 31 
January 2020 and entered into a transition period which expired on 31 December 2020. On 31 December 2020, the UK 
implemented the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which entered into force provisionally on 1 January 2021. 
Most rights and obligations associated with membership of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK, 
including passport rights provided under the Insurance Distribution Directive and Solvency II regimes. 
Despite the implementation of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, there remains significant 
uncertainty as to how the agreement will affect relations between the UK and the EU, including the legal rights and 
obligations for businesses in certain services industries not covered by the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. 
Such uncertainty could negatively impact business and consumer confidence in the UK. 
Brexit could also disrupt the ability of AA Underwriting Insurance Company Limited (“AAUIC”), a Gibraltar 
company that is part of the AA Group and which participates in our insurance underwriting panel, to access the UK 
market through its Solvency II passporting rights as well as other non-UK domiciled members of our insurance 
underwriting panels. The UK government consulted in 2020 on the Gibraltar Authorisation Regime (“GAR”) to deliver 
on the UK government’s commitment to enable Gibraltar-based financial services firms to continue accessing the UK 
market after the expiration of the transition period. Existing transitional arrangements have already been extended until 
31 December 2021 and are expected to remain in place until the permanent arrangements of the GAR are implemented. 
As the UK government is still negotiating the future relationship between Gibraltar and the EU following Brexit, the 
full potential impact of Brexit on the UK in general and on our business in particular is unclear. In the long-term, it is 
expected that the United Kingdom and Gibraltar will negotiate a new framework for continued market access between 
those jurisdictions. As such, there still remains uncertainty in relation to the long-term capacity for AAUIC to continue 
to provide insurance business in the United Kingdom. 
A significant amount of EU law in matters ranging from employment law to data protection to competition and 
financial regulation is currently embedded in UK law either as a result of EU regulation directly applicable in the UK or 
from UK regulations implementing EU directives. Accordingly, it is also unclear what impact Brexit will have on the 
UK legal and regulatory landscape, which could in turn have a significant impact on the Holdco Group. Although it is 
not possible to fully predict the effects of an exit of the UK from the EU, it could have a material adverse effect on, 
amongst other things, all of the companies in the Holdco Group and particularly those that conduct regulated business 
in the UK, as well as the arrangements between the UK and the EU regarding taxation. Substantial amendments to 
English law may occur and may diverge from the corresponding provisions of EU law applicable after the

--- Page 51 ---
31 
  
transition/implementation period. As a result, the exit of the UK from the EU may have a material and adverse effect on 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Given that the transition/implementation period has ended, subject to the terms of the EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement, EU law will cease to apply in the UK. However, many EU laws have been transposed into 
English law and these transposed laws will continue to apply until such time that they are repealed, replaced or 
amended. Over the years, English law has been devised to function in conjunction with EU law (in particular, laws 
relating to financial markets, financial services, prudential and conduct regulation of financial institutions, financial 
collateral, settlement finality and market infrastructure).  
To the extent that the performance of the UK economy declines, does not improve or improves only over an 
extended period of time, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and 
adversely affected. 
Maintaining favourable brand recognition is essential to our success, and failure to do so could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our brand name, the “Automobile Association” or the “AA”, enjoys a high degree of familiarity and 
awareness in the UK. We depend on the integrity of our brand and our reputation for quality of service for our business 
to command a price premium for our roadside services, and we believe favourable recognition of our brand is important 
to maintaining a key position in an industry where trust and confidence with customers are paramount. See “Business—
Our Strengths”. To maintain the value of our brand and to continue to enjoy its high degree of familiarity and 
awareness in the UK, we currently need to maintain a high level of investment in our brand and brand recognition. 
Given its importance to maintaining a key position in our industry and our price premium, failure to invest heavily in 
our brand, now or in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
Factors affecting brand recognition are sometimes outside our control, and our efforts to maintain or enhance 
favourable brand recognition, such as making significant investments in marketing and advertising campaigns, may 
have differing degrees of success. We are also exposed to possible brand damage from poor performance, whether 
perceived or actual, in terms of customer service, whether at the roadside, as part of our insurance offering or otherwise. 
We are potentially exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of 
regulatory or other investigations or actions, the reputations and actions of our business partners, press speculation and 
negative publicity, among others, whether or not founded, could damage our brand and our reputation. We have a 
highly visible and widely recognised brand and therefore could be exposed to mistakes or misconduct, or allegations 
thereof, by our patrols and other employees, contractors, agents or suppliers (including panel insurers). Furthermore, 
any decline in favourable perception of our roadside assistance business could have an adverse impact on the reputation 
of our other business lines, and vice versa. Although we take efforts to safeguard our brand, such as by monitoring 
media and social media daily and instructing our employees not to speak to the media unless they have media training, 
there is no guarantee that our attempts will be successful or will be able to prevent negative publicity surrounding our 
brand. A decline in favourable perception of our brand could also impact our ability to attract or retain personal 
members or business customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology (“IT”) and 
communication systems. The failure or unavailability of such systems or our inability to keep pace with 
developments in technology and implement new systems effectively could harm our reputation, result in the loss of 
personal members and business customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
We rely heavily on our operational processes and in-house IT and communication systems to conduct our 
business, including for purposes of maintaining accurate customer service and records, managing our financial 
operations, managing our fleet of service vehicles, managing our mobile applications and locating personal members 
and business customers experiencing automobile breakdowns. These systems may not operate as expected or may not 
fulfil their intended purpose. This may result in our operations being inefficient, ineffective or inaccurate and, in turn, 
adversely affect the overall operational and financial performance of our business. Any IT or related systems 
inefficiencies could also result in an inability to provide our services in a timely manner, which in turn could cause 
material damage to our brand and reputation and adversely affect our competitive position. 
Our call centre operations could be disrupted due to loss of physical infrastructure, insufficient staff or other 
reasons, including failures of third-party suppliers. If our personal members or business customers experience a lack of 
quality service or reliability, our reputation could be damaged significantly and personal members and business 
customers may be reluctant to employ our services, which could result in the loss of existing personal members and 
business customers and a decline in revenue. As a result, any inability on our part to successfully complete and

--- Page 52 ---
32 
  
implement our IT updates on time, either under existing programmes or in connection with future investment planned 
under our strategy, or subsequent failure to maintain and improve our IT and communication systems and infrastructure, 
or any service disruption, reliability or quality issues and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, we rely on a proprietary IT system to manage our patrol vehicle deployment which could suffer a 
temporary or permanent outage so causing us either a short or long term impact in deploying patrols to customer 
breakdowns. This could cause us a financial and brand reputational impact with customers deciding not to renew or join 
us and B2B customers choosing not to contract with us in the future. 
We have put in place business continuity procedures, including security measures to protect against IT and 
related systems failure or disruption. However, these procedures may not be adequate to ensure that we are able to carry 
on our business in the ordinary course if our IT systems fail or are disrupted. For example, if sufficient control and 
security measures are not in place, unauthorised persons could access, change and corrupt data on our servers. See also 
“—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We collect extensive non-public data from personal members, 
customers, business contacts and employees, and the failure to adequately maintain and protect such information, 
including from unauthorised attempts to access our IT systems, or failure to comply with applicable data protection 
law, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”. 
Furthermore, insurance coverage may prove inadequate to compensate for losses from a major business interruption. 
See “—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible 
losses that we may incur and there can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain the required level of insurance 
coverage on acceptable terms and/or at an acceptable cost”. 
We continue to invest in our IT infrastructure as part of our strategy. If we are unable to further complete the 
replacement or upgrade of these systems, or if once replaced or upgraded, our systems do not perform as anticipated, 
this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our 
strategy also involves expanding our use of applications and other digital interfaces through which we interact with 
members and business customers, and any failures or perceived inefficiencies associated with these systems could 
negatively impact the perception of our business and value proposition. We will need to maintain our commitment to 
developing, upgrading and enhancing our IT and communications systems and adapting our services, products and 
infrastructure in order to meet evolving market trends and consumer demands and keep pace with new IT 
developments. 
We also may not be able to anticipate new technological developments requiring additional investment and 
innovation in the future or have the resources to acquire, design, develop, implement or utilise, in a cost-effective 
manner, IT and communications systems that provide the capabilities necessary for us to compete effectively. 
Furthermore, any delays or difficulties in implementing new or enhanced systems may keep us from achieving the 
desired results in a timely manner, to the extent anticipated, or at all, and we may also be unable to devote adequate 
financial resources to develop or acquire new technologies and systems in the future. Any failure to adapt to 
technological developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Our business relies on key contractual relationships with certain business customers, and the loss of any such 
business customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
We have a number of important business partner accounts within our B2B business. Our ten largest business 
partners accounted for 16% of our total revenue for the twelve months ended 31 January 2021, of which the single 
largest partner is Lloyds Banking Group. The future loss of one of our business contracts to a competitor, failure to find 
a replacement contract at acceptable terms upon termination, or the renewal of those contracts on less advantageous 
terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, our business partners may also face financial or commercial difficulties, the consequences of which could 
also materially adversely affect our business and reputation. 
Increased competition, including new business models, as well as competitive pressures from new technologies in the 
automobile industry and distribution channels may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
We may face increased competition and price pressure in the markets in which we operate, which may result in 
downward pressure on our pricing and a loss of market share, which could, in turn, materially adversely affect our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Where our competitors lower their prices to gain 
market share, this may create pricing pressure that could force us to also lower our own prices.

--- Page 53 ---
33 
  
We believe that price is an important competitive factor for all our business segments. Our competitors may 
seek to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing in order to protect or gain market share. Furthermore, the internet 
has increased pricing transparency and price pressure within our markets by enabling customers to more easily obtain 
and compare prices being offered by companies operating in these markets. Price transparency requirements have been 
introduced for consumers in our Insurance and Roadside segments. This transparency may further increase the 
prevalence and intensity of price competition in our industry and potentially lead to consumer pressure or further 
regulatory intervention in the insurance services market. To the extent that we match any reduction in pricing by our 
competitors, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely 
affected. For more information, please see “Regulatory Overview”. In addition, to the extent that we do not match or 
remain within a competitive margin of our competitors’ pricing, or if we otherwise seek to implement price increases, 
we may lose market share and experience a decline in revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, our competitors, including the Insurance segment and within the B2C division of our Roadside 
segment, could develop different models, including smartphone based or other pay as you go operations that may 
increase competition and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Consumer behaviour and attitudes, technological changes, regulatory and legislative changes and other factors 
also affect competition. Generally, we could lose market share, incur losses on some or all of our activities and 
experience lower growth if we are unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products and services that are 
also profitable and if we do not choose the right marketing approach, product offering or distribution strategy, fail to 
implement such strategies successfully or fail to successfully anticipate, adapt or adhere to such demands and changes. 
For example, we have invested in growing our connected car offering in order to provide a more digitally enabled 
service to current and future members, including our Smart Breakdown proposition. However, major car manufacturers 
are also undertaking similar initiatives and are able to integrate their proprietary connected car offering directly into the 
user interface of their vehicles. There can be no assurance that our connected car offering can successfully compete 
with other alternatives and customers may prefer a more integrated connected car offering rather than one that requires 
installation of third-party technology into their vehicles. 
Competitive pressures from new technologies and distribution channels may require changes to our and our 
business partners’ operations, including IT and communication systems and functionality, and we may not be able to 
effectively respond to these new developments in a timely or appropriate manner. New technological developments 
such as autonomous vehicles and increased numbers of electric vehicles may also have an impact on all areas of our 
business in the future. For example, while autonomous and electric vehicles may have reliability and mechanical issues, 
it is possible that most faults for such vehicles will be linked to their technology and such issues may be outside the 
scope of our experience and capability. Any failure by us to adapt to service autonomous and electric vehicles may lead 
to a reduction in members and manufacturer contracts. While we continue to invest in equipping our patrols with the 
latest technology to help them diagnose and repair faults in electric vehicles, there can be no guarantee that the training 
and repair capabilities of our patrols in respect of electric vehicles will be sufficient to ensure we retain and grow our 
market share as the prominence of these vehicles increases in the future. In addition, significant increases in 
autonomous vehicles could lead to changes in motor insurance legislation which could adversely impact the wider 
motor insurance market as well as lead to reductions in demand for motor insurance coverage as damage or injury risk 
is reduced. This could adversely impact the value and revenue from our motor insurance book. 
Our insurance broking business faces significant competition from competitors who may be larger and have access 
to greater financial or other resources, including global, national and local insurance companies. 
We compete with global, national and local insurance companies, including direct writers of insurance 
coverage, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, such as banks, many of which offer alternative 
products or more competitive pricing for segments of the insurance market in which we operate. While we maintain 
diversified panels of insurance underwriters for motor and home insurance, many of our competitors are larger than us 
and have greater financial, technical and operating resources. The general insurance industry is highly competitive on 
the basis of price, service and coverage and many distribution channels within the insurance industry have been 
undergoing significant changes. If our competitors price their premiums at a lower level than us and we meet their 
pricing, this may have a material adverse effect on the commissions we receive in connection with our broking 
activities. If we fail to meet their pricing, we may lose market share and experience a decline in revenue. In addition, if 
competitors attract current or potential policyholders away from us in areas in which we compete or wish to compete, 
our operating performance may be materially and adversely affected. 
In addition, insurance panel members could increase their prices, fail to maintain their competitive positions or 
withdraw from our panel, which may impact our ability to compete with the rest of the market and negatively impact 
our sales volumes and profitability, or we could be forced to re-broke policies if one of our underwriters were to fail, 
which could negatively impact our profitability. The AA Group’s in-house underwriter increasingly makes up a higher

--- Page 54 ---
34 
  
proportion of the policies underwritten by our insurance underwriter panel. As at 31 January 2021, the in-house 
underwriter had a 53% share of total motor and home insurance policies. Whilst we operate a competitive panel where 
all members on the panel, including the in-house underwriter, compete on the same basis, other panel members may 
leave the panel or change their pricing for certain customers as a result of the increased proportion of policies 
underwritten by the in-house underwriter, which would reduce our overall competitiveness in the motor and home 
insurance market. A higher share of policies underwritten by the in-house underwriter could also lead to increased 
regulatory scrutiny. 
Additionally, if our underwriting partners fail to resolve insurance claims in a timely or satisfactory manner, 
this may negatively impact our reputation, and we may be exposed to litigation with respect to any such claims. While 
we regularly monitor the creditworthiness of our third-party underwriting panel members to limit the potential risk of 
failure and any adverse impact on our customers, the failure of any one or more of our panel members could harm our 
reputation, sales and profitability. Any of the events above could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We are exposed to further changes in the competitive landscape within the insurance industry, including increased 
competition from other distribution channels (particularly price comparison websites), the long-term implications of 
which are not yet fully understood. 
Competition for general insurance products has intensified through the development of alternative distribution 
channels, such as price comparison websites (“PCWs”), including Moneysupermarket.com, Gocompare.com, 
Confused.com and Comparethemarket.com. PCWs are intermediaries that present multiple insurance quotes to a given 
buyer, allowing the buyer to make a comparison between insurance offerings based on a single set of information 
provided to the PCW. PCWs had approximately 85% of the new business market for motor insurance in the UK in the 
twelve months ended 31 January 2021, and the long-term implications of the growth in PCWs cannot be predicted. 
There is potential for PCWs to increase their market penetration, including in other insurance products, such as home 
insurance. A movement of customers to PCWs and away from our marketing channels could result in greater pricing 
pressure, as well as a reduction in our share of the insurance brokerage market or reduction in the effectiveness of our 
marketing efforts. In addition, we could experience greater competition in the brokerage business of our Insurance 
segment if PCWs seek to act as insurance brokers themselves by administrating customer policies. 
We depend on suppliers to provide many of our products and services and we may not be able to renew or extend 
existing contracts or enter into new contracts with suppliers, which could result in increased customer churn or have 
other effects that could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The successful implementation of our business strategy depends, in part, on our success at renewing or 
entering into new contracts with suppliers of products and services on favourable terms. For example, we lease 
substantially all the vehicles that make up our operational fleet within our Roadside segment. In addition, we are reliant 
on one parts supplier for the provision of parts for use by our patrol force. Our ability to renew our existing contracts 
with suppliers of products and services, or enter into new contractual relationships, either on commercially attractive 
terms, or at all, depends on a range of commercial and operational factors and events which may be beyond our control. 
Furthermore, in the past we have been required to replace suppliers of products and services as a result of their 
insolvency. In the event that a supplier of products or services decides to terminate its relationship with us, our personal 
members and business customers may choose to obtain similar service offerings from alternative sources or providers. 
Our inability to maintain our existing contracts and agreements with suppliers of the various products and services 
which we rely upon, or to enter into new contracts on commercially favourable terms, could lead to reduced sales, lower 
margins and a loss of existing personal members and business customers. It could also make it difficult for us to attract 
new personal members and business customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation, roadside injuries or death or regulatory inquiries or investigations could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, we may become involved in litigation, and we may not be successful in defending 
ourselves against such litigation. We are exposed to potential claims for personal injury and property damage resulting 
from the provision and use of our Roadside services. For example, we have had a number of claims relating to personal 
injury and property damage from employees, personal members and other third parties. We may be subject to future 
claims that could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations. We are also exposed to workers’ compensation claims and other employment related claims by our 
employees.  
In addition, we may be subject to disputes arising out of contracts, including joint ventures. For example, on 3 
June 2021 we received a formal claim from a group of former shareholders of Motoriety Limited (the “Claimants”), a

--- Page 55 ---
35 
  
joint venture in which we had invested in 2015. The Claimants are alleging that former senior employees of the AA 
fraudulently, or negligently, misrepresented elements of the business opportunities available to Motoriety if they agreed 
to the AA’s investment. Additionally, the Claimants allege breach of contract of certain investment documents. The 
Claimants allege that their claim is worth between £35-49 million though have provided little quantification for this 
figure. At this time we are working through the claim in preparation for filing our defence.  
In addition, on 18 February 2021 we received a formal claim from Fenchurch Advisory Partners LLP, a 
previous corporate advisor to the AA Group, claiming a maximum of £4.9 million in damages due to alleged breach of 
contract relating to a previous aborted corporate transaction. See “Business ― Legal Proceedings”. 
The defence of any of these claims may be time consuming and expensive. If the outcome of any such claims 
is unfavourable to us, we could suffer damage to our reputation and our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations may be materially adversely affected. While we currently maintain motor liability coverage for 
bodily injury (including death) and property damage arising from or in connection with the services provided by our 
patrols, we do not have specific reserves for potential litigation matters unless it is probable that settlement of an 
amount that can be reliably estimated will be required and our current liability coverage may not be sufficient to cover 
all claims. In addition, our insurance premiums may increase in the future, and we may not be able to renew our motor 
liability coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, although our customer call centre provides 
roadside assistance to personal members with safety instructions in the event of a breakdown, in the past personal 
members have been accidentally injured or killed by passing vehicles while waiting on the roadside. Accidents such as 
these could expose us to civil suits, significant damages claims and liabilities and harm our reputation. 
We may also be subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and investigations. The impact of litigation 
and regulatory inquiries and investigations may be difficult to assess or quantify. Even if a civil litigation claim or 
regulatory investigation or claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, any negative publicity arising in 
connection with any inquiries and litigation or regulatory investigation affecting our business could adversely affect our 
reputation. Litigation and regulatory investigations may also result in substantial costs and expenses and divert the 
attention of our management. In addition to pending matters, future litigation and regulatory investigations could lead to 
increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. See “—Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legislative 
Matters—We are subject to complex laws and regulations that could materially and adversely affect the cost, manner 
and feasibility of doing business”. 
On 7 March 2018, we received notification that former Executive Chairman, Bob Mackenzie, who was 
dismissed for gross misconduct on 1 August 2017, had on 6 March 2018 issued a claim form in the High Court, 
Chancery Division (the “Court”) against AA Limited, its subsidiary Automobile Association Developments Limited 
(together, the “Companies”) and personally against a number of their directors (existing and former) and the former 
Company Secretary. In November 2018, the claim against all the directors and the former Company Secretary was 
dismissed in full and Mr. Mackenzie was ordered to pay their costs. The majority of Mr. Mackenzie’s claim arises from 
his exclusion from a share option scheme which, in any event, lapsed for all participants without any payment in June 
2019. However, Mr. Mackenzie has also issued an amended claim which includes a new claim for personal injury 
allegedly suffered as a result of stress arising from his role as CEO and Chairman. The Companies have filed a full 
defence in relation to Mr. Mackenzie’s amended claim. After further discussion with external counsel the Companies 
decided to apply for a strike-out application in relation to the entirety of Mr. Mackenzie’s claims against them. This 
application was filed in May 2020 and the strike out application was heard in March 2021. 
On 25 June 2021, the Court ruled in favour of our strike-out application in relation to all of Mr. Mackenzie’s 
claims against us (except for his wrongful dismissal claim which was not part of the strike-out application). 
While Mr. Mackenzie’s requested leave to appeal the Court’s judgement was denied, we believe he will now 
likely take his request for leave to appeal directly to the Court of Appeal. 
We collect extensive non-public data from personal members, customers, business contacts and employees, and the 
failure to adequately maintain and protect such information, including from unauthorised attempts to access our IT 
systems, or failure to comply with applicable data protection law, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We regularly collect, process, store and handle non-public data (including name, address, age, bank and credit 
card details and other personal data) from our personal members, customers, business contacts and employees as part of 
the operation of our business, and therefore we must comply with data protection laws in the UK and to the extent 
applicable, the European Union (“EU”). Those laws impose certain requirements on us in respect of the collection, use 
and other processing of personal data. For example, under UK and EU data protection laws and regulations, when 
collecting personal data, certain information must be provided to the individual whose personal data is being collected 
(referred to under those laws and regulations as a “data subject”). This information includes the identity of the data

--- Page 56 ---
36 
  
controller, the purpose(s) for which the personal data is being collected and other relevant information relating to the 
processing of that personal data. There is a risk that personal data collected by us may not be processed in accordance 
with notifications made to both data subjects and regulators. In some cases, the consent of those data subjects may also 
be required to process the personal data for the purposes notified to them. Failure to comply with data protection laws 
could potentially lead to regulatory censure, fines, civil and criminal liability, reputational and financial costs. In 
addition, the laws that would be applicable to such a failure are rapidly evolving and may become more burdensome 
and costly to our operations. The scope of the notification made to, and consents obtained from, data subjects may limit 
our ability to deal freely with the personal data in our databases. It may not be possible for us to lawfully use that 
personal data for purposes other than those notified to data subjects, or (where relevant) for which they have provided 
consent. 
We are also exposed to the risk that the personal data we process could be wrongfully accessed or used, 
whether by employees or third parties, or otherwise lost or disclosed or processed in breach of applicable data 
protection law. For example, in 2017 a third-party provider of services to the AA Group had incorrectly configured a 
server and this exposed data for approximately 91,500 customers. The vulnerability in the third party’s systems was 
remediated promptly once identified and an exercise was undertaken to communicate with the affected customers. The 
matter was also reported to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) and the FCA, although it did not arise 
in the AA Group’s regulated business. In addition, we have identified unauthorised access to our networks and servers 
in the past as a result of phishing and other malicious internet-based activity targeting our data and IT systems, and we 
cannot guarantee protection against future unauthorised attempts to access our IT systems from both internal and 
external intruders. While these past incidents were detected and we have taken considerable efforts to remediate any 
deficiencies in our IT systems to prevent future unauthorised access, there can be no assurance that our systems will not 
be targeted in the future or that we will be able to detect and/or remedy any such incidents immediately upon 
occurrence. Furthermore, publicised breaches of our IT systems, whether or not resulting in unauthorised access to or 
loss of data, could result in significant reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our existing and 
prospective customers’ perception of our business. As IT security threats continue to evolve, we must invest significant 
resources to continuously modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate 
any security vulnerabilities. The time and expense associated with ongoing information security improvement and 
monitoring activities may divert resources and management time away from other aspects of our operations. 
Given further investment in IT infrastructure will continue as part of our strategy, we may be particularly 
susceptible to unauthorised attempts to access our IT systems during such investment and development processes. 
Unauthorised access to our IT systems may result in the theft, corruption or loss of data belonging to us or our 
customers. In addition, employees with access to confidential customer information may intentionally, or accidentally, 
alter, destroy, steal, or lose such information. Theft or loss of data may result in such data being made public or sold or 
disposed of to third parties who may seek to use such data for identity theft or other criminal activities. If we, or any of 
the third-party service providers that process personal data on our behalf, fail to process, store or protect personal data 
that we control in a secure manner or if any theft or loss of that personal data were otherwise to occur, we could face 
liability under data protection laws. This could also result in damage to our brand and reputation, as well as the loss of 
new or existing personal members or customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) began to apply from 25 May 2018 and introduced 
significant changes to data protection law. In particular, the GDPR contains much higher penalties for breaches, new 
obligations for data processors, increased accountability, expanded rights for data subjects and an extended territorial 
scope. The GDPR, as it applied at the end of the UK’s Brexit transition period, was incorporated into UK law at the end 
of the transition period. A major multi-disciplinary project was put in place in connection with the changes, with a 
GDPR compliance programme implemented across the AA Group. However, further changes may be required in 
respect of the way we collect, store and otherwise process personal data as the market adjusts to the developing 
interpretation and application of the legislation. Any future changes to data protection regulations may be significant or 
costly and may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from membership in the EU and on 31 December 2020 the UK’s Brexit 
transition period ended with the UK and the EU implementing the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. See “—
Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the 
UK economy (including as a result of COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.”. As noted above, the GDPR (as it was applied at the end of the 
transition period) was incorporated into UK law at the end of the transition period under the UK Data Protection Act 
2018 and certain UK Brexit-related regulations. As a result of the UK’s exit from the EU, the UK is now a third country 
for the purpose of the GDPR rules regarding personal data exports from the EEA, meaning that in the absence of an 
“adequacy” finding from the European Commission, organisations exporting personal data from the EEA to the UK 
may be required to implement additional safeguards in respect of any such data exports, for example standard 
contractual clauses or Binding Corporate Rules. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement includes a bridging

--- Page 57 ---
37 
  
mechanism under which the UK will be deemed not to be a third country for these purposes, such that additional 
safeguards will not be required, for an interim period (which is currently due to expire on 30 June 2021), provided that 
during this interim period the UK does not exercise certain powers within its data protection laws without EU 
agreement, and the UK does not change its data protection laws. This interim period is intended to give the European 
Commission time to perform an “adequacy” assessment in respect of the UK. This “adequacy” assessment is currently 
ongoing. If the European Commission does not make an “adequacy” finding in respect of the UK by the end of the 
interim period or an “adequacy” finding is made and subsequently revoked, we may be required by the GDPR to 
implement additional safeguards in respect of any data transfers we make from the EEA to the UK, which might impose 
an additional administrative and cost burden on our business. Under UK data protection laws, the EEA is considered to 
be an “adequate” destination for exports of personal data from the UK, and so UK data protection law does not 
currently require additional safeguards in respect of any such data exports. 
We offer different prices to different types of customers, and the lack of price harmonisation within our personal 
member and across our business customer base may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As part of our efforts to attract new customers and personal members and to achieve a high degree of 
cross-penetration between our business segments, we may offer discounts to certain customers in respect of our 
Roadside, Insurance or Financial Services products. There is a risk that market pressure from our customers who do not 
subscribe to products and services across our segments (and therefore do not receive discount rates) may force us to 
amend our pricing plans. In addition, we regularly offer lower introductory prices to attract new personal members and 
subsequently receive requests from existing personal members to lower their membership fees accordingly. A 
significant change in the number of existing customers requesting price reductions or a significant number of customers 
declining to renew their products upon the expiration of their introductory offer rates could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, our business model distinguishes between personal members, who subscribe for roadside 
assistance coverage directly through a membership agreement with us, and business customers, who receive roadside 
assistance coverage indirectly as a complementary “add-on” to the products they purchase from our business partners. If 
the availability of roadside assistance coverage becomes more prevalent as an add-on product such as with motor 
insurance which is becoming increasingly prevalent, we could potentially see a migration of our personal members to 
the lower-margin business customer book or to a third-party provider, which could also have a material adverse effect 
on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In 2018, a super complaint was made to the Competition and Markets Authority (“CMA”) in relation to 
pricing practices in a number of markets, including motor and home insurance. The FCA initiated a data request to 
home and motor insurers, brokers and PCWs to better understand pricing practices in the home and motor insurance 
markets. In October 2019, the FCA published an interim report on a number of potential remedies for pricing practices 
in those markets. The FCA published its final guidance on the pricing of home and motor insurance in May 2021, which 
lays out various provisions intended to ensure effective competition and appropriate consumer protection in this area. 
These include a ban on “price walking” for home and motor insurance, where firms will need to offer a renewal price to 
consumers which is no greater than the equivalent new business price which a new customer would be offered. The 
equivalent new business price will take into account any changes in the consumer’s risk information such that it reflects 
their actual risk. 
Overall, the business impact of this new guidance remains uncertain and it is not possible to predict the 
behaviour of competitors in response to this changed regulatory landscape. While our Roadside business would not be 
directly affected, the pricing remedy would apply to additional products sold alongside home or motor insurance. 
Roadside is sold as a standalone product at the same time as home and motor insurance but is not connected with the 
home or motor insurance. However, there is a risk that Roadside sold at the same time as home or motor insurance 
might be deemed as an additional product and subject to the pricing remedy, potentially resulting in a material adverse 
effect on our profitability and results of operations. See “Regulatory Overview—Other Industry Developments”.  
We seek to reduce and control our operating costs and we may not be successful in such efforts, which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We continuously review our operating costs to ensure that we are operating efficiently. Cost control initiatives 
include headcount reductions, business process re-engineering and internal reorganisation, as well as other expense 
controls. While we aim to implement and maintain cost savings through restructuring and pursuing additional cost 
efficiencies, we may be unable to effectively control or reduce costs. Even if we are successful in these initiatives, we 
may face other risks associated with our plans, including declines in employee engagement, the level of customer 
service we provide, the efficiency of our operations and the effectiveness of our internal controls. In addition, our 
ability to implement operating cost reductions could be hampered by the Independent Democratic Union (the “IDU”)

--- Page 58 ---
38 
  
through industrial action. Any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As part of our response to COVID-19, we incurred increased operational costs to enable us to respond quickly 
to government guidance to enable a home working model to be adopted, and where required, to ensure that our offices 
remained COVID-19 safe for employees who remained in offices and in the field. Although the bulk of these costs were 
incurred at the start of the pandemic, continuing government guidance around COVID-19 safe working environments 
could continue to have an adverse impact in respect of being able to control operating costs in the future. 
Breakdown of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or our ability to meet legal and regulatory requirements. 
Any errors (including accounting errors), or breakdowns in internal control processes (including failures to 
establish and maintain effective internal controls), could result in operational losses and impact our ability to detect and 
prevent fraud. In addition, it is expected that ongoing and future changes to our operations and organisation will place 
additional demands on our internal processes and infrastructure, including our accounting systems and internal controls 
over financial reporting. To meet these demands, we will need to invest money and senior management time on an 
ongoing basis toward strengthening our financial and management information systems, improving control processes, 
and, where appropriate, identifying and correcting any deficiencies in the design or operating effectiveness of our 
accounting systems and internal controls over financial reporting. While we have established a governance and controls 
team who manage our controls framework, any failure to detect or correct deficiencies in our internal controls, or any 
insufficiency or breakdown in internal controls, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, 
prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or our ability to meet legal and regulatory requirements. 
Severe or unexpected weather conditions or poor maintenance of the roads could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Severe or unexpected weather conditions, including extremes in temperature, heavy rain, snowfall, hail or high 
winds and the impact of these and underinvestment on the condition on our roads, tend to increase the volume of calls 
to our roadside assistance centres. Although we receive a certain amount of payment-for-use revenue with regards to 
our business contracts, many of our contracts are for a fixed annual fee, and the increase in our costs are likely to be 
greater than the increase in payment-for-use revenue received as a result of increased call-outs during times of severe 
weather or if cars are damaged by poorly maintained roads. Repercussions of severe or unexpected weather conditions 
or high call outs may also include an inability to respond quickly and efficiently to calls from our personal members and 
business customers, loss of productivity and even necessary curtailment of services. Any delay in our performance or 
disruption of our operations due to such conditions could have an adverse effect on our reputation, result in an increase 
in customer complaints and decrease the demand for our services, which would have a material adverse effect on our 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our personal membership numbers could decline, or our business mix could change if there is a decrease in the 
average age of vehicles used in the UK or the overall size of the UK car parc, if service intervals or manufacturer 
guarantees are extended or if vehicles are used to a lesser extent. 
As vehicles get older, the likelihood of breaking down generally increases. The average car on UK roads was 
built in 2011, while almost 10 million cars have been in service since 2008 or earlier. With showrooms closed for large 
periods of 2020 due to lockdowns, fewer new cars were registered, resulting in the oldest average car fleet since records 
began. However, any decrease in the average age of vehicles in the UK could lead to a decline in demand for our 
roadside assistance products and services.  
Similarly, a decline in the number of vehicles on the UK’s roads could adversely impact demand for our 
services and our ability to grow our membership base. Annual new car registrations in the UK have fallen each year 
since 2016, as a result of weak business and consumer confidence, general political and economic instability and diesel 
sales have dropped due to uncertainty over clean air zones. Despite the decline in new car registrations, according to the 
UK Department for Transport, the size of the UK car parc has continued to grow, with the average age of the UK car 
parc increasing to 8.3 years as at 31 December 2019 (the oldest average age of the car parc since 1994). However, as 
older cars are retired from the UK car parc, to the extent annual new car registrations in the UK do not increase, the UK 
car parc could begin to shrink and reduce our pool of potential roadside assistance customers. For a variety of reasons 
beyond our control, as discussed below, changing customer demand and an evolving technological landscape could 
result in a shrinking UK car parc and/or decreased prevalence of breakdowns which could have a material adverse 
impact on demand for our services, our results of operations and financial condition. 
Technological and qualitative improvements of some motor vehicle components as well as the increased 
reliability of modern cars can reduce the likelihood of motor vehicles breaking down, which can also lead to a decrease 
in demand for our roadside assistance services by both our personal members and business customers. As more people

--- Page 59 ---
39 
  
replace older cars with more reliable versions, the number of mechanical failures will likely reduce over time, which 
may further lead to a decrease in demand for our roadside assistance services. A decrease in demand for our roadside 
assistance services may lead to certain of our business partners declining to renew their contracts with us. Furthermore, 
there has been an increase in interest and demand surrounding electric vehicles. For example, almost half of drivers in 
an AA survey in October 2020 said they would consider buying an electric car when they next changed their car.  
Electric vehicles have significantly fewer moving parts than traditional cars and by virtue of the fact that they 
are newer and more modern, may be less prone to breaking down as compared to older cars. Electric vehicles may also 
be more difficult to tow or fix. Although the AA currently has measures in place to adapt to the increasing prevalence of 
electric vehicles, such as freewheeling hubs for the towing of electric vehicles and new training hubs for electric vehicle 
technicians, there is no guarantee that these measures will be successful or will allow us to fully adapt to the increase in 
usage of electric vehicles. An increase in the usage of electric vehicles may thus lead to a decrease in demand for the 
AA’s roadside services, which could have a material adverse impact on demand for our services, our results of 
operations and financial condition.  
In addition, in the event automobile manufacturers continue to expand the scope of their warranties and 
roadside assistance coverage beyond current limits (for example, as a result of changes in the legal environment), 
engage in greater promotion of roadside assistance at the point of service in their dealerships, or improve vehicle 
technologies so as to identify potential breakdowns before they occur, demand from business customers for our 
roadside assistance products and services may be negatively impacted. 
Changes in car ownership models, for example due to increased car-pooling or car renting may lead to a 
reduction in vehicle use or ownership, which in turn could lead to a reduction in the number of customers who require 
our roadside assistance services. Reduced vehicle use or vehicle ownership may also result from rising costs (for 
example, higher petrol prices, higher petrol taxes and higher insurance prices), a significant deterioration in economic 
conditions, any future new vehicle incentives, changes in travelling or commuting behaviour (including due to 
COVID-19 or the increased use of public transport, car sharing services or mobile-based cab hailing services) or 
growing environmental concerns.  
In addition, a decline in demand for our roadside assistance services could impact or alter the mix of our 
product and services offerings. Any such decline in demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Following several years of steady decline due to the impact of 
competition and regulation, the paid membership base returned to growth during the second half of the financial year 
ended 31 January 2020. Due to COVID-19 and the lockdown restrictions in place across the UK during the first half of 
the year ending 31 January 2021, we observed an initial decline in new member volumes which caused the paid 
membership base to fall by 2% in the six months ended 31 July 2020 and 1.5% in the twelve months ended 31 January 
2021. Following the gradual lifting of the lockdown restrictions in June 2020 and our new marketing campaigns, we 
have seen a steady pick up in new member volumes, despite subsequent lockdowns. If, however, the decline continues 
(due to the uncertainty caused by subsequent lockdown periods or otherwise), including at an increased rate in the 
future, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
We may not be able to protect our brand and related intellectual property rights from infringement or other misuse 
by others and we may face claims that we have infringed the trademarks or other intellectual property rights of 
others. 
The AA brand is one of the key assets of our business. We rely primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual 
property rights to protect our brand. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing 
trademarks in order to increase brand awareness and, in particular, to develop our presence and activity in those markets 
where we are new entrants. Policing unauthorised use of our proprietary intellectual property rights can be difficult and 
expensive, and we cannot be sure that the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property 
rights will preserve our ability to enforce those rights or prevent unauthorised use, infringement or misappropriation by 
third parties. Additionally, legal remedies available to us may not adequately compensate us for any damages we suffer 
as a result of such unauthorised use. Accordingly, any material infringement or misuse of our intellectual property could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, we have in the past faced and may, in the future, face claims that we have infringed the trademarks 
or other intellectual property rights of others, including in those markets where we have not historically been active. 
Intellectual property litigation may be expensive and time consuming, and may divert managerial attention and 
resources from our business objectives. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary 
liability. Such claims could also delay or prohibit the use of existing, or the release of new, products, services or 
processes, and the development of new intellectual property. We could be required to obtain licences to the intellectual 
property that is the subject of the infringement claims, and resolution of these matters may not be available on 
acceptable terms within a reasonable timeframe or at all. Generally, intellectual property claims against us and any

--- Page 60 ---
40 
  
inability to use our trademarks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations, and such claims may result in a loss of intellectual property protections relating to our business. 
We may make acquisitions or disposals in the future, which transactions may not achieve the expected results or may 
expose us to contingent or other liabilities and may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
We have from time to time considered, and intend to continue to consider opportunistic strategic transactions, 
which could involve acquisitions or disposals of businesses or assets and could result in shifts in the current mix of our 
product and services offerings. For any acquisitions which we identify, we will need to conduct appropriate due 
diligence, including, as appropriate, an assessment of the adequacy of claims reserves, an assessment of the 
recoverability of reinsurance and other balances, enquiries with regard to outstanding litigation and consideration of 
local regulatory and taxation matters. Consideration will also need to be given to potential costs, risks and issues in 
relation to the integration of any proposed acquisitions with our existing operations. However, the due diligence 
undertaken may not be accurate or complete, and such due diligence may not identify or mitigate all material risks to 
which the entity being acquired is exposed, including contingent or unanticipated liabilities. In addition, the integration 
of any proposed acquisition may not be successful or in line with our expectations and may pose a disruption to our 
ongoing business. We also may not obtain appropriate or adequate contractual representations, warranties and 
indemnities in connection with any acquisition. We may also provide representations, warranties and indemnities to 
counterparties on any disposal, which have in the past and may in the future result in claims being asserted against us by 
the applicable counterparties. Any acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets and shifts in the current mix of 
our product and services offerings may divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. 
If we enter into strategic transactions in the future, related accounting charges may affect our business, 
financial condition and results of operations, particularly in the case of any acquisitions. Any acquisition or disposal 
may result in changes to our capital structure, including the incurrence of additional indebtedness or the refinancing of 
our outstanding indebtedness, as applicable. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to identify appropriate 
acquisition targets or opportunities for disposals in the future and, even if we identify an attractive opportunity, we may 
not be able to complete the acquisition or disposal successfully based on limited financial resources or onerous 
regulatory requirements. Losses resulting from acquisitions or disposals could damage our brand and reputation and 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are dependent on our ability to retain and attract qualified and reliable personnel including our 
senior management team. 
We rely on a number of key employees, both in our management and our operations, with specialised skills 
and extensive experience in their respective fields. Attracting and retaining key members of senior management and key 
operational expertise are vital to the success of our business and operations. The departure of, or difficulty in replacing, 
senior managers or individuals with key operational expertise in the future, including as a result of the Acquisition, 
could have a material adverse impact on key decision-making and the development of our business and operations over 
both the short and the medium term. We also believe that the growth and success of our business will depend on our 
ability to attract highly skilled, qualified and reliable personnel with specialised know-how in automotive services, as 
well as those with IT and other specialist skills. Although we place emphasis on retaining and attracting talented 
personnel and invest in extensive training and development of our employees, we may not be able to retain or hire such 
personnel in the future. In particular, the automobile market is characterised by frequent technical advances and 
increases in the complexity of existing components. Certain models of vehicles and automotive components may have 
technical equipment so complex or innovative that they can be maintained only by persons with special training relating 
to those particular model vehicles. The expense of this specialisation could result in higher costs for us or in decreased 
demand for our roadside assistance services if it becomes no longer economically feasible for us to offer repair services 
for particular models or components, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
In addition, the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) have the power to approve and regulate individuals 
under the senior managers and certification regime in the insurance and financial intermediation businesses, 
respectively, who have significant influence over the key functions of an insurance business or financial intermediation 
business, such as governance, finance, audit and management functions. The FCA also has the power to regulate 
individuals in the financial intermediation business who deal with customers, such as those providing advice to 
customers on certain insurance and financial products. The FCA (as applicable) may not approve individuals for such 
functions unless the respective regulator is satisfied that they have appropriate qualifications and experience and are fit 
and proper to perform those functions. The FCA may also withdraw approval for individuals whom it deems no longer 
fit and proper to perform those functions. The majority of our regulated business is subject to FCA regulation and our 
inability to attract and retain, or obtain FCA approval for, directors and highly skilled personnel in our businesses 
subject to the authority of the FCA could adversely affect our competitive position, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 61 ---
41 
  
Our business requires the work of many employees and any disruption in our workforce could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As at 31 January 2021, approximately 90% of the Holdco Group’s employees were covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement which is in place with the IDU. In addition, we are required to consult with our employee 
representatives, on various matters, including restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures. To the extent we choose to 
change working practices or aspects of our patrol force employment contracts, we will be required to consult the IDU. 
In March 2020, we concluded our 60-day pension consultation with around 2,800 members through their 
IDU/management representatives in respect of our proposal to close the CARE section of the AA UK Pension Scheme 
(as these terms are defined below) and as a result the closure took effect from 31 March 2020. Decisions such as this 
can negatively impact employee relations and morale. While we believe the closure of the CARE section was handled 
in a manner satisfactory to the stakeholders involved, there can be no assurances that this and similar decisions 
impacting employees will not have an adverse effect on employee relations and our business. See “—Risks Relating to 
our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement Medical Plans” for more information. 
Although we strive to maintain good relationships with our employees and the IDU, such relationships may 
not continue to be cooperative. We may be affected by strikes or other types of conflict with labour unions and 
employees in the future, which could impair our ability to deliver the services we provide and result in a substantial loss 
of revenue and damage to our reputation. Strikes and industrial actions could also be initiated by the workforce of one 
of our service providers or other third parties that could affect our business. The terms of existing or renewed collective 
bargaining agreements could also significantly increase our costs (for example, through increased wages) or negatively 
affect our ability to increase operational efficiency, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we may incur and there can be no 
guarantee that we will be able to maintain the required level of insurance coverage on acceptable terms and/or at an 
acceptable cost. 
We have insurance coverage under various insurance policies for, among other things, property damage, our 
technical and office equipment and stock, our patrol vehicles, as well as coverage for business interruption, terrorism 
and directors and officers. We also have insurance policies covering employer and public liability, as well as for errors 
and omissions that may occur when broking insurance (professional indemnity insurance, which is required under the 
FCA regulatory regime). However, we do not have insurance coverage for all potential interruptions of operations 
because in our view, these risks cannot be insured or can only be insured on unreasonable terms. For example, there is 
no insurance coverage against the risk of failure by personal members to pay. Similarly, lost revenue or increased 
operating costs resulting from COVID-19 are not covered by our insurance policies. 
Moreover, we can provide no assurances that losses will not be incurred or that claims will not be filed against 
us which go beyond the type and scope of the existing insurance coverage. 
In addition, insurance may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms or at all in the future, or we 
may experience material increases in the costs of such insurance. Any increase in the number of claims or amount per 
claim or increase in the cost of insurance could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
Certain types of risks and losses (such as losses resulting from epidemics and pandemics, including 
COVID-19, war, nuclear radiation, radioactive contamination and heaving or settling of structures) may be or become 
either uninsurable or uneconomical to insure or may not be covered by our relevant existing or future insurance 
policies. Other risks might become uninsurable (or uneconomical to insure) in the future. The occurrence of significant 
uninsured or uninsurable losses could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations, which could result in the Borrower not having sufficient funds to repay in full amounts owing under or in 
respect of the Class A IBLA. 
Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legislative Matters  
We are subject to complex laws and regulations that could materially and adversely affect the cost, manner and 
feasibility of doing business. 
The industries in which we operate are materially affected by government regulation in the form of national 
and local laws and regulations in relation to health and safety, the conduct of operations and taxation. We are subject to 
prudential and consumer protection measures (including competition regulation) imposed by a number of insurance and 
financial services regulators and competition authorities, including the European Commission, the CMA and HM 
Treasury. In the UK, the FCA is the primary regulator of the insurance intermediation, consumer credit intermediation 
and mortgage intermediation sectors. The FCA also has concurrent competition law powers. Each has prescribed certain

--- Page 62 ---
42 
  
rules, principles and guidance with which we and others in the insurance and financial services industries must comply. 
Such rules require, among other things, high level standards on the establishment and maintenance of proper systems 
and controls and minimum “threshold conditions” that must be satisfied for a firm to remain authorised, as well as rules 
on the conduct of business and treating customers fairly. 
The FCA may find that we have failed to comply with applicable regulations, including consumer credit 
regulations, have not sufficiently responded to regulatory inquiries or have not undertaken corrective action as required. 
Our roadside assistance business is currently operated under an exclusion from requiring insurance business 
authorisation. Any change in law, regulation or in interpretation of law or regulation could result in this business 
needing to be carried out by a regulated insurer which could significantly increase the costs of the business. In each 
case, regulatory proceedings could result in a public reprimand, substantial monetary fines or other sanctions which 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the use of continuous payment methods in both the Roadside and Insurance segments contributes 
to our high levels of retention. Although continuous payment methods are designed to serve a specific customer need 
and are a common market and banking practice, regulation of their use by the FCA, the Payment Systems Regulator or 
another comparable regulatory authority, or the regulation of how and when we communicate with current and potential 
personal members and customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Our operations are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to health and safety, employment, 
environmental and other matters. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we could be subject to 
sanctions such as mandatory shut-downs, damages, criminal prosecutions and injunctive action. 
In addition, changes in governmental laws and regulations, as well as maintaining compliance with required 
standards, may also significantly increase our costs, the price of membership and access to our services. For example, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive came into effect on 1 October 2018, replacing Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended) 
(the “Insurance Mediation Directive”), which related to consumer protection when buying insurance. In the U.K. the 
majority of the Insurance Distribution Directive provisions were transposed by the FCA by way of amendments to the 
FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance. The Insurance Distribution Directive has wider application than the Insurance 
Mediation Directive and covers organisational conduct and business requirements for insurance and reinsurance entities 
and introduced requirements in new areas such as product oversight and governance. In addition, the senior managers 
and certification regime came into effect on 10 December 2018 for insurers and from December 2019 for FCA 
solo-regulated firms and is comprised of a senior manager regime, a certification regime and conduct rules which 
replaced the previous approved persons regime and senior insurance managers regime. The regulatory regime aims to 
(i) ensure regulated firms have a clear and effective governance structure and (ii) enhance the accountability and 
responsibility of certain senior people at such firms. See “Regulatory Overview”. 
The FCA has conducted a study of the way general insurance firms charge their customers for home and motor 
insurance. Following the study, the FCA published a further consultation; its final guidance was released in May 2021. 
It lays out various provisions intended to ensure effective competition and appropriate consumer protection in this area, 
which include: 
 
a ban on ‘price walking’ for home and motor insurance. Firms will need to offer a renewal price to 
consumers which is no greater than the equivalent new business price (“ENBP”) which a new 
customer would be offered. The ENBP will take into account any changes in the consumer’s risk 
information, so that it reflects their actual risk (whether this has increased or decreased since the start 
of the policy); 
 
rules to ensure that firms deliver fair value to their customers and have appropriate governance 
arrangements in place to monitor this. All general insurance and pure protection products will need to 
be reviewed at least annually, although more frequent reviews are required for products with a higher 
associated risk of not delivering fair value; 
 
provisions to ensure that consumers are provided with a range of accessible ways in which to opt out 
of auto-renewal of their policies. These rules apply to all types of retail insurance products; and 
 
requirements for annual reporting of pricing information for retail home and motor insurance. 
The new provisions on systems and controls, product governance, premium finance provisions and related 
changes will come into force on 1 October 2021. Pricing and auto-renewal remedies, reporting provisions and related 
changes will come into force on 1 January 2022, although there will be a transitional provision until 17 January 2022 
for the pricing and auto‑renewal disclosure rules. The Holdco Group will need to ensure it adapts its policy framework 
to ensure compliance with the FCA’s rules insofar as they affect its insurance and insurance intermediation activities.

--- Page 63 ---
43 
  
Overall, the business impact remains uncertain and it is also not possible to predict the behaviour of competitors in 
response to this changed regulatory landscape. While our Roadside business would not be directly affected, the pricing 
remedy would apply to additional products sold alongside home or motor insurance. Roadside is sold as a standalone 
product at the same time as home and motor insurance but is not connected with the home or motor insurance. 
However, there is a risk that Roadside sold at the same time as home or motor insurance might be deemed as an 
additional product and subject to the pricing remedy, potentially resulting in material adverse effects on our profitability 
and results of operations. 
We are subject to risks in connection with the interpretation of employment laws including in relation to the 
calculation of employee holiday pay.  
We are subject to risks in connection with changes to employment laws whether by government legislation or 
by decisions of the courts that are changing the interpretation of existing legislation which impacts businesses in the 
UK. For example, case law in connection with the calculation of holiday pay in the area of employment law is creating 
a potential cost exposure for employers throughout the UK. The case law relates to the interpretation and application of 
the Working Time Regulations (“WTR”) in the UK which govern the statutory holiday entitlement and the minimum 
amount of statutory holiday pay that employees are entitled to. The law does not apply to holiday pay for contractual 
holiday in excess of the minimum statutory entitlement. In accordance with UK law, historically, pay for statutory 
holidays has corresponded to basic pay only; and overtime, commission and other pay components have been excluded 
from the calculation of “normal working hours” and a “week’s pay” for the purposes of calculating statutory holiday 
pay entitlement. The European Court of Justice (“ECJ”) has however held that, in accordance with European law (the 
“Working Time Directive”), all components of pay that are intrinsically linked to the tasks that employees are required 
to perform under their contracts should be included in the calculation, such as commission and, possibly, overtime. 
Employers now have to include commission, non-guaranteed (mandatory) overtime and other variable pay in the 
calculation of holiday pay for salaried staff.  
The Employment Appeals Tribunal (“EAT”) decision in Fulton v Bear Scotland Ltd in November 2014 
confirmed that UK law could be interpreted consistently with the ECJ principles described above in respect of non-
guaranteed overtime. As well as payments for future holiday, employees could claim back pay for prior, wrongly 
calculated holiday pay as unlawful deductions from wages. The EAT decision states that a historic claim for a series of 
deductions can only go back until the point where there is a three month gap between deductions. This test is complex 
to apply in practice and it is difficult to estimate with precision what the cost of such claims for the Holdco Group could 
be, however, potential historic liability for backdated claims could be material. Regulations have come into force 
which: (i) from 1 July 2015, limit back pay claims to no more than two years; and (ii) clarify that the rights to holiday 
pay under WTR are non-contractual (and hence avoid the possibility of a county court claim with six year limitation). 
On 7 October 2016 in British Gas Trading Ltd v Lock, the Court of Appeal upheld the EAT’s decision confirming that 4 
weeks' statutory holiday pay under the WTR should include results-based commission in accordance with the 
requirements of EU law. 
These changes and other changes in employment law could create additional costs for businesses, including 
ours, that operate overtime and commission by increasing the cost of paid statutory holiday, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
Risks Relating to our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement Medical Plans  
We are exposed to various risks in connection with the funding of our pension commitments under the AA UK 
Pension Scheme (our principal defined benefit plan), the AA Ireland Pension Scheme and our post-retirement 
medical scheme, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
The Holdco Group operates two funded defined benefit pension schemes: (i) the AA UK Pension Scheme; and 
(ii) the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. The AA UK Pension Scheme has defined benefit sections that are closed to new 
entrants but were open to future accrual for existing members on a final salary and a career average revalued earnings 
(“CARE”) basis until 1 July 2017 and on a CARE-only basis until 31 March 2020. Following the sale of AA Ireland, 
the Holdco Group continues to retain the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, which is closed to new entrants and future 
accrual of benefits, having transferred it to an English subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited. In March 2020, we 
concluded our 60-day pension consultation with around 2,800 members through their IDU/management representatives 
in respect of our proposal to close the CARE section of the AA UK Pension Scheme and as a result the closure took 
effect from 31 March 2020. Closure of the CARE section is expected to protect against ongoing build-up of defined 
benefit risk for the Holdco Group and reduce pension cash costs by approximately £4 million per annum. The 
consultation resulted in a temporary enhancement to the defined contribution scheme being agreed for affected 
employees which will cost approximately £11 million in total over three years starting from 1 April 2020.

--- Page 64 ---
44 
  
Valuations of all UK defined benefit plans are required to be conducted on at least a triennial basis in 
accordance with legislative requirements, and the trustees and employers of the applicable plan will be required to agree 
a recovery plan which seeks to pay off any funding deficit disclosed in the context of such valuations over an agreed 
period of time. The “funding deficit” will be the estimated shortfall in scheme assets compared with the amount 
required, on an actuarial calculation based on assumptions agreed between the employer and trustees in the context of 
the relevant valuation, to make provision for the scheme’s liabilities. In addition, each valuation determines the cash 
contributions agreed with the trustees to cover the AA’s share of the costs relating to CARE benefits that were accruing 
to employees. We are legally required to meet these monthly contributions, along with any agreed deficit repair 
contributions, scheme running costs and scheme levies, all of which are payable prior to our debt servicing obligations 
(including under any Class A IBLA and the Class A Notes). Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that our pension 
funding commitments may increase over time in the context of subsequent valuations of the AA UK Pension Scheme, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The triennial actuarial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme was carried out as at 31 March 2019 and the 
valuation was concluded in February 2020 (the “2019 Valuation”). The 2019 Valuation resulted in a significant 
reduction to the technical provisions deficit by 64%, from £366 million as at 31 March 2016 (the “2016 Valuation”) to 
£131 million as at 31 March 2019. An “accounting” deficit of £104 million was recorded in the financial statements of 
the Holdco Group as at 31 January 2020 under IFRS (down from £167 million as at 31 January 2019). The 2016 
Valuation disclosed assets of £1,835 million and the 2019 Valuation disclosed assets of £2,404 million. 
In conjunction with agreeing the triennial valuation as at 31 March 2013 (the “2013 Valuation”), we 
implemented an asset backed funding structure (the “ABF”) in November 2013 with the trustee of the AA UK Pension 
Scheme (the “AA UK Pension Trustee”). This provides the AA UK Pension Scheme with an inflation-linked income 
stream over 25 years, through an interest in a Scottish limited partnership. The aggregate total of the monthly payments 
due from the ABF to the AA UK Pension Scheme in the year to 31 January 2021 was £15 million. The ABF is intended 
to address the funding deficit disclosed in the 2013 Valuation over a 25-year period. 
Typically, funding deficits are addressed over a much shorter period than 25 years and, in order to secure the 
AA UK Pension Trustee’s agreement to the longer 25 year term under the ABF, the AA UK Pension Trustee has been 
granted first-ranking security (through the ABF structure) over our brands for a debt claim of £200 million. The ABF 
income stream and security are provided through the AA UK Pension Trustee’s interest in a Scottish limited partnership 
which holds a loan note issued by the company that owns the AA Group’s brands (“IPCo”). The royalties payable by 
the AA Group to IPCo for the use of the AA Group’s brands fund the loan note payments due from IPCo to the Scottish 
limited partnership (which in turn fund the payments from the Scottish limited partnership to the AA UK Pension 
Trustee). The loan note payments due from IPCo are secured by a first ranking charge over the AA Group’s brands, for 
an amount equal to £200 million. If the loan note payments, which are payable prior to our debt servicing obligations 
(including under any Class A IBLA and the Class A Notes), are not made to the Scottish limited partnership to enable 
the payment of the AA UK Pension Trustee’s return it will have the right to enforce the £200 million first ranking 
security interest over our brands against IPCo at the instruction of the AA UK Pension Trustee and if the security is 
enforced, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s claim (through the ABF) will rank ahead of other claims on the security. If the 
security claims were enforced and all or some of our brands were disposed of by the AA UK Pension Trustee, it could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our 
ability to service our debt obligations. 
Under the 2016 Valuation, the recovery plan extended through to 2038 in respect of the ABF and a nine-year 
plan of incremental funding was implemented to repair the higher 2016 Valuation deficit (as compared to the 2013 
Valuation), taking into account the continued funding of the previous deficit. As part of the 2019 Valuation, a new 
recovery plan has now been put in place and agreed with the AA UK Pension Trustee. The new recovery plan assumes 
that the AA UK Pension Scheme’s technical deficit will be fully repaid in July 2025, which is one year earlier than 
previously planned in terms of the additional funding element and 13 years earlier in terms of the ABF. To do this, the 
Holdco Group has committed to paying an additional (above the ABF payments) £10 million per annum from April 
2020 to March 2021, £11 million per annum from April 2021 to March 2022 and £12 million per annum from April 
2022 to July 2025. From 1 February 2020, the AA UK Pension Trustee has also met its own costs of running the 
scheme. However, neither the new recovery plan nor the closure of the CARE section guarantee that the funding deficit 
with respect to the AA UK Pension Scheme will not increase in the future and this may result in materially higher 
payments being required to be paid to the AA UK Pension Scheme to address such increased deficit. 
On 24 November 2020, AA Limited, Basing Topco and the AA UK Pension Trustee entered into a 
memorandum of understanding relating to the impact of the Acquisition on the AA UK Pension Scheme (the 
“MoU”).The AA UK Pension Trustee confirmed under the MoU that (based on the information it had received at the 
date thereof) it did not consider that the Acquisition would result in a detriment to the AA UK Pension Scheme and 
accordingly no mitigation was required in respect of the Acquisition, though each party thereto acknowledged the 
continued reliance of the AA UK Pension Scheme on AA Limited’s covenant. The following was agreed under the

--- Page 65 ---
45 
  
MoU (subject to the AA UK Pension Trustee completing its confirmatory due diligence) for the period from the date of 
execution to 24 November 2025: 
 
Except where pre-agreed circumstances apply, there will be no changes to the current contributions 
payable to the AA UK Pension Scheme, including under the AA UK Pension Scheme’s next triennial 
actuarial valuation which is expected to be as at 31 March 2022 (the “2022 Valuation”). The 
pre-agreed circumstances include lower than expected investment returns, unexpected changes to 
inflation, the discount rate or demographic conditions, and clarifications of the benefits payable. If 
these pre-agreed circumstances apply, there will be good faith discussions and agreement about any 
further cash contributions required beyond the five-year term of the MoU. 
 
In the absence of a material adverse event or a request from AA Limited or Basing Topco, the AA 
UK Pension Trustee will not bring forward the 2022 Valuation. 
 
Except where there has been a material adverse change in circumstances or pre-agreed excepted 
circumstances apply, the agreed actuarial assumptions under the MoU will be used for the purposes of 
the 2022 Valuation. 
 
If any changes are required to be made to the actuarial assumptions, these will not, where possible, 
overall increase the AA UK Pension Scheme’s “technical provisions” and if required to increase by 
law, the AA UK Pension Trustee will work in good faith and collaboratively with the sponsoring 
employer of the AA UK Pension Scheme, which is Automobile Association Developments Limited 
(the “Employer”), to seek its agreement to revising the technical provisions appropriately. 
 
It was confirmed under the MoU that there are no current plans to remove the current AA UK Pension 
Trustee nor any of its directors nor an intention to direct the Employer to do this and that the current 
chair of the AA UK Pension Trustee will remain in place until at least completion of the 2022 
Valuation. 
 
The AA UK Pension Trustee confirmed its willingness to engage, in good faith, with Basing Topco or 
AA Limited on any future pensions de-risking proposals initiated by them. 
 
Certain assurances were given to the AA UK Pension Trustee concerning AA Group’s indebtedness 
and future payment of dividends and monitoring fees. 
 
The AA UK Pension Trustee will consult in good faith with AA Group before making any changes to 
AA UK Pension Scheme’s actuarial factors from those currently used. 
 
The MoU sets out certain agreed information sharing provisions. 
The MoU is not legally binding, but sets out a statement of the current intentions of the parties thereto. The 
parties have agreed to work in good faith to enter into a legally binding agreement on the basis of the terms set out in 
the MoU, but there can be no guarantee that an agreement on substantially the same terms as the MoU will become 
legally binding on the parties. Furthermore, the MoU does not bind the regulator of occupational pension schemes in the 
UK (the “UK Pensions Regulator”), which could seek to re-open discussions on the terms set out in the MoU under 
certain circumstances. As a result, it is possible that the arrangements contemplated by the MoU may be subject to 
change in the future. 
We also operate an unfunded post-retirement medical scheme (the “AAPMP”). The AAPMP provides private 
healthcare cover to retired AA pensioners and their dependents. The scheme, which is closed to new entrants, but 
remains open to active participants, is unfunded, and as at 31 January 2021 showed a liability of £46 million. This 
liability could materially increase depending on, among other factors, the longevity of scheme participants, material 
changes in claims behaviour and the rate of inflation in the costs of providing these healthcare benefits, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The assets of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme are invested in various investment 
vehicles which are susceptible to market volatility, interest rate risk and other market risks, any of which could result 
in decreased asset value and a significant increase in our net pension obligations. 
The assets of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme are invested predominantly via 
externally managed funds and insurance companies. The AA UK Pension Trustee and the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, 
in consultation with us, prescribe the investment strategy in relation to the assets of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme, respectively. The assets may be invested in different asset classes including equities, 
fixed-income securities, real estate and other investment vehicles. The values attributable to the externally invested 
pension plan assets are subject to fluctuations in the capital markets that are beyond our influence. Unfavourable

--- Page 66 ---
46 
  
developments in the capital markets could result in a substantial coverage shortfall for these pension obligations, 
resulting in a significant increase in our net pension obligations. In addition, deterioration in our financial condition 
could lead to an increased funding commitment to the trustees, which could further exacerbate any financial difficulties 
we could face at such time. Any such increases in our net pension obligations could adversely affect our financial 
condition due to increased additional outflow of funds to finance the pension obligations. We are also exposed to risks 
associated with longevity, interest rate and inflation rate changes in connection with our pension commitments, as a 
decrease in long-term interest rates and/or an increase in longevity or in inflation could have an adverse effect on our 
contribution requirements in respect of the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. 
In certain circumstances we may be required to fully fund the AA UK Pension Scheme on a “buy-out” basis, which 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Typically, the ongoing “funding” basis for a pension scheme, such as the AA UK Pension Scheme, is agreed 
between the AA UK Pension Trustee and the Employer subject to the UK Pensions Regulator’s powers to intervene and 
determine such basis). However, in certain circumstances, a so-called “section 75 debt” payment can be triggered, 
which is calculated by reference to the deficit on a “buy-out” basis, broadly the cost of purchasing annuities and 
deferred annuities with an insurer. The deficit on a buy-out basis is often significantly in excess of the funding deficit. 
The deficit of the AA UK Pension Scheme on a buy-out basis was estimated as part of the most recent completed 
triennial valuation to be £1,481 million as at 31 March 2019. AA Senior Co Limited provides a guarantee under a 
pension agreement dated 1 July 2013 (the “AA UK Pension Agreement”) in relation to, broadly, the difference 
between the section 75 debt and the AA UK Pension Trustee’s £200 million first ranking security interest over the 
AA  Group’s brands (provided through the ABF), and this guarantee is effective on enforcement of the security. 
Accordingly, if a section 75 debt is triggered, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
A section 75 debt could be triggered in relation to the AA UK Pension Scheme if it is wound up or certain 
insolvency events occur in relation to the Employer. The AA UK Pension Trustee can trigger a wind-up of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme if the Employer terminates its liability to contribute to the AA UK Pension Scheme or ceases to carry 
on its undertaking and a successor has not assumed the role of sponsoring employer, which is subject to AA UK 
Pension Trustee consent. The UK Pensions Regulator has powers to trigger a wind-up in relation to the AA UK Pension 
Scheme in certain circumstances. Insolvency events which trigger a section 75 debt include the appointment of an 
Administrative Receiver and the entry by a company into administration. A section 75 debt can also be triggered in 
relation to multi-employer pension schemes where one employer exits the scheme, but the AA UK Pension Scheme is 
currently a single employer scheme. 
Where a section 75 debt is triggered as a result of an insolvency event, the pension scheme may be transferred 
to the Pension Protection Fund (the “PPF”). Entry into the PPF is subject to certain conditions, including an assessment 
as to whether the pension scheme’s assets are sufficient to provide benefits of at least the level of compensation which 
would be provided by the PPF and is determined during the course of a PPF assessment period (if so, the scheme will 
not transfer). The PPF will assume responsibility for an eligible scheme where the assets of the scheme are not 
sufficient to provide PPF level benefits, unless the relevant insolvency practitioner issues a “scheme rescue” notice (for 
example, because the relevant company is rescued and the business continues with the pension scheme in place or 
because another entity agrees to assume responsibility for the pension liabilities). Where a scheme rescue notice is 
issued, no section 75 debt in relation to the scheme will be payable as a result of the insolvency. In the absence of a 
scheme rescue notice, the section 75 debt would become payable and, as this is likely to be significant, this means a 
substantial unsecured claim would arise in relation to the Employer and AA Senior Co Limited pursuant to the AA UK 
Pension Agreement. 
A section 75 debt is an unsecured debt. However, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s indirect £200 million first 
ranking security interest over the AA Group’s brands (through the ABF) is enforceable by the Scottish limited 
partnership in certain circumstances, including in the event of a section 75 debt being triggered (where, as a result of 
insolvency, the debt becomes payable because there is no scheme rescue). Accordingly, if the security is enforced, the 
first £200 million of the AA UK Pension Trustee’s claim will rank ahead of other claims, including the Class B3 Notes. 
The UK Pensions Regulator has power in certain circumstances to issue contribution notices or financial support 
directions which, if issued, could result in us incurring significant liabilities.  
Under the Pensions Act 2004, the UK Pensions Regulator may issue a contribution notice requiring 
contributions to be paid into the relevant scheme by an employer in a UK defined benefit pension scheme or any person 
who is “connected with” or is an “associate of” an employer in a UK defined benefit pension scheme. A contribution 
notice may be issued if the UK Pensions Regulator is of the opinion that (i) the relevant person has been a party to an 
act, or a deliberate failure to act, which had as its main purpose (or one of its main purposes) the avoidance of pension 
liabilities or (ii) the relevant person has been a party to an act, or a deliberate failure to act, which has a materially

--- Page 67 ---
47 
  
detrimental effect on a pension plan without sufficient mitigation having been provided. Directors of the participating 
employer are also potentially subject to the UK Pensions Regulator’s power to issue a contribution notice. 
If the UK Pensions Regulator considers that the employer participating in a UK defined benefit pension 
scheme is “insufficiently resourced” or a “service company”, it may impose a financial support direction requiring any 
person associated or connected with that employer, to put in place financial support in relation to the relevant pension 
scheme. An employer is insufficiently resourced if, broadly, the employer has insufficient assets to meet 50% of the 
deficit on a buy-out basis and any person or persons who is or are “connected with” or an “associate of” the employer 
has (or together have) sufficient assets to meet the shortfall between the employer’s assets and 50% of the deficit on a 
buy-out basis. 
The terms “associate” and “connected person”, which are taken from the Insolvency Act 1986, are widely 
defined and could cover our significant shareholders and others deemed to be shadow directors. 
Entities in the AA Group may also be associated and connected with employers in other UK defined benefit 
pension schemes operated in groups in which our significant shareholders (or former significant shareholders) have a 
prescribed shareholding. Accordingly, entities in the AA Group could be required by the UK Pensions Regulator to 
make a contribution to, or to put in place financial support for, any UK defined benefit pension schemes operated in 
such groups, in certain circumstances (for up to the level of any relevant pension scheme’s buy-out deficit). 
The UK Pensions Regulator may, however, only issue contribution notices or financial support directions 
where it believes it is reasonable to do so. In relation to financial support directions and contribution notices, the UK 
Pensions Regulator determines reasonableness by having regard to a number of factors, non-exhaustive lists of which 
are set out in legislation (and include for example, the relationship which the person has or has had with the employer, 
the value of any benefits received directly or indirectly by that person from the employer, any connection or 
involvement which the person has or has had with the scheme and the financial circumstances of the person). 
The UK Parliament is strengthening the powers of the UK Pensions Regulator and introducing new criminal 
offences in relation to UK defined benefit pension schemes. 
The UK Parliament has enacted the Pension Schemes Act 2021 (the “Act”). Two new criminal offences of 
“risking accrued scheme benefits” and “avoidance of employer debt” will be introduced, likely with effect from 
October 2021. Each will carry a maximum criminal penalty of seven years in prison and/or an unlimited fine (together 
with a civil penalty of up to £1 million). Both of these offences are very broad in their scope. In addition, the way that 
the offences have been framed in the Act means that these offences target a wider range of parties than just those 
connected to the pension scheme’s sponsoring employer, such as directors, since they are drafted to apply to any 
person. Acts of third parties, including banks, investors, and commercial counterparties, as well as acts of pension 
scheme trustees and professional advisers, could all fall within the scope of these new criminal offences. Unless a 
person has “reasonable excuse”, criminal liability could be imposed. The Act includes no further details on how the 
“reasonable excuse” requirement would operate. However, the UK Pensions Regulator has consulted on how it will use 
its new criminal powers and is expected to publish its final policy on this later in 2021.  
In addition, following the enactment of the Act, the circumstances in which the UK Pensions Regulator can 
make connected third parties liable for pension scheme deficits by issuing a contribution notice will be significantly 
widened. There will also be new requirements to give advanced notification and provide statements to the Pensions 
Regulator about the impact of certain corporate activity on a pension scheme, and failure to comply with these 
requirements could result in new civil penalties of up to £1 million. It is currently uncertain how these developments 
will impact our business, and our failure to comply with any of these requirements may have a material adverse impact 
on our prospects, results of operations and financial position. 
Strengthening of the regulatory funding regime in the UK or Ireland could impose increased pension funding 
requirements. 
Strengthening of the regulatory funding regime for pensions in the UK or Ireland (whether due to changed 
regulatory guidance, or imposed by local law or European Union law and which, in the case of Ireland, could include 
the introduction of statutory debts for the recovery of a shortfall in funding, equivalent to the concept of section 75 
debts under UK law or the introduction of regulatory powers, equivalent to the UK Pensions Regulator’s powers to 
impose liability for underfunded defined benefit schemes on third parties) could increase requirements for cash funding 
of pensions, demanding more financial resources to meet governmentally mandated pension requirements. 
New funding provisions under the Act, and a new Pensions Regulator Code (the “PRC”) for funding of 
defined benefit pension schemes in the UK, which are expected to come into force by the end of 2021, may have 
significant consequences for the outcome of future valuations of the AA UK Pension Scheme. These new provisions are 
intended to encourage funding of UK defined benefit pension schemes up to a level at which the scheme will have a

--- Page 68 ---
48 
  
low dependency on future support from their employers. This approach will comprise the long-term funding target for 
such pension schemes, over a 15 – 20-year period in most cases. The PRC is also expected to shorten the length of 
deficit recovery plans, with a 3 – 5-year recovery period expected to be appropriate for the majority of schemes going 
forward. The Act also introduces powers for the UK government to make parts of the new Code of Practice (e.g. the 
length of recovery plans) legally binding. 
The realisation of any of the foregoing risks could require us to make significant additional payments to meet 
our pension commitments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
We are exposed to the risk that our liability for our post-retirement medical plan could materially increase, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is a possible need to review the AA UK Pension Scheme’s approach to “equalising” certain pension 
benefits earned before 1 April 1992. 
The AA Group has been informed by the AA UK Pension Trustee of a possible need to review the AA UK 
Pension Scheme’s approach to “equalising” certain pension benefits earned before 1 April 1992, so that the benefits 
earned by male and female members are equal. This requirement is common to most UK defined benefit pension 
schemes. In simple terms, this requires some pre-1992 pensions to be treated as if payable from a more generous age of 
60, rather than the AA UK Pension Scheme’s normal retirement age of 65. Action was taken in 1992 to put in place a 
mechanism for equalisation of these benefits, but the AA UK Pension Trustee has raised questions about the 
effectiveness of the mechanism used. 
This is a highly technical matter that relates only to the benefits of members who joined certain sections of the 
AA UK Pension Scheme before 1 November 1987 and remained in service after 17 May 1990. At this early stage of our 
analysis we consider the scope of potentially impacted benefits to be limited to those accrued in the period 17 May 1990 
to 31 March 1992. A detailed legal analysis will be needed to determine whether any additional liabilities need to be 
recognised by the AA Group or whether the existing methods used by the AA UK Pension Trustee to equalise benefits 
are in fact valid. Without this detailed analysis, as well as obtaining scheme information dating back to the 1990s, 
making a reliable estimate of the potential impact is extremely difficult due to the range of possible conclusions 
(including a scenario where no additional liability is recognised). Given the need for this extensive legal analysis and 
information collation, a reliable estimate is unavailable at this stage. There is a risk this could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. This matter is separate to equalisation in 
respect of “guaranteed minimum pensions”, for which an accounting allowance has been made. 
Risks Relating to the Financing Structure  
The Borrower’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities will depend 
primarily on the performance of the business of the Holdco Group and the Holdco Group may not be able to 
generate sufficient cash flows to meet such obligations. 
The Borrower does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group and, therefore, the 
ability of the Borrower to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of dividends from its sole direct 
subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited, and receiving payments from certain other members of the Holdco Group under 
intercompany loans. Accordingly, the Borrower’s ability to meet its scheduled payment obligations under the Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities will depend upon the financial condition and performance of the Holdco Group as a whole 
and its general financial condition and operating performance, which in turn will be affected by general economic 
conditions and by financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond its control. The obligations of the 
Borrower to make payments under the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities are full-recourse obligations and are not 
limited.  
In relation to the Class A IBLAs, unless previously repaid in full, the Borrower is required to repay each Class 
A IBLA Advance on its Final Maturity Date. A failure to repay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance on its Final 
Maturity Date will constitute a CTA Event of Default. However such failure to repay will not give rise to a Class A 
Note Event of Default or an obligation on the part of the Obligor Security Trustee to accelerate the Class A IBLA and 
the other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities outstanding under other Class A Authorised Credit Facilities unless 
instructed to do so by the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors pursuant to the STID. 
The ability of the Issuer to redeem the Class A Notes on their Expected Maturity Date is dependent on the 
repayment in full of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance by the Borrower. The Borrower cannot assure Class A 
Noteholders that the business of the Holdco Group will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future 
sources of capital will be available to it in an amount sufficient to enable the Borrower to service its indebtedness, 
including the Class A IBLA Advances, or to fund the other liquidity needs of the Holdco Group. See further “—Risks

--- Page 69 ---
49 
  
Relating to our Financial Profile—We will require a significant amount of cash to meet our obligations under our 
indebtedness and sustain our business operations, and our ability to do so will depend on many factors beyond our 
control”. 
If the Holdco Group is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy the Borrower’s debt obligations, it 
may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring the Borrower’s debt, selling 
assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital to enable repayment of the Class A 
IBLA Advances and/ or the other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities. Any refinancing by the Borrower and/or the Issuer 
will be subject to certain conditions (including, without limitation, the then prevailing market conditions for that type of 
transaction and in particular the availability or absence of liquidity in the debt capital markets and/or the term loan 
markets and the current/proposed rating of the Class A and Class B Notes). No assurance can be given that these 
conditions will be favourable at the time any refinancing is required. Any such refinancing may not be possible, and 
assets may need to be sold to cover any shortfall. If assets are sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds 
that may be realised from those sales cannot be guaranteed. 
Investors should also note that any additional financing may not be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all. The 
CTA will regulate the ability of members of the Holdco Group to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such 
disposition. The inability of the Holdco Group to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt obligations, or to 
refinance any indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, would materially and adversely affect the Holdco 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Borrower to pay the principal and interest on 
its indebtedness and ultimately the repayment of the Class A Notes. Failure of the Borrower to refinance by the Final 
Maturity Date of a Class A IBLA Advance will result in a CTA Event of Default. Such a default could result in the 
enforcement of security and the Class A Noteholders may receive an amount less than the Principal Amount 
Outstanding on their Class A Notes. See “—Risks relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency”. 
Furthermore, under the terms of the CTA the Borrower is permitted to incur further indebtedness and such 
indebtedness can be used, among other things, to refinance existing debt, to purchase additional assets, Permitted 
Businesses and/or Permitted Joint Venture Investment and/or for the payment of dividends, subject to satisfaction of 
certain conditions. Any increase in borrowings as contemplated above could cause the Holdco Group to become over-
indebted and may cause substantial financial stress to the Holdco Group. See further “Summary of the Common 
Documents”, “Summary of the Finance Documents” and “Description of Other Indebtedness”. 
The transfer of the Class A Notes is restricted, which may adversely affect their liquidity and the price at which they 
may be sold.  
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and any other applicable laws. 
These restrictions may limit the ability of investors to resell the Class A Notes. It is an investor’s responsibility to 
ensure that all offers and sales of the Class A Notes within the United States and other jurisdictions comply with 
applicable securities and other laws. See “Important Notices”. We have not agreed to or otherwise undertaken to 
register the Class A Notes under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and do not have 
any intention to do so in the future. 
Corporate benefit and financial assistance laws and other limitations on the obligations under the guarantees of the 
Class A IBLAs may adversely affect the validity and enforceability of those guarantees.  
The guarantees of the Class A IBLAs and the amounts recoverable thereunder will be limited to the maximum 
amount that can be guaranteed by a particular guarantor without rendering the guarantee, as it relates to that guarantor, 
voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law. Enforcement of the obligations under the relevant guarantee 
against a guarantor will be subject to certain defences available to the relevant guarantor. These laws and defences may 
include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance, financial assistance, corporate benefit and regulations or defences 
affecting the rights of creditors generally. If one or more of these laws and defences are applicable, the relevant 
guarantor may have no liability or decreased liability under any Class A IBLA or its guarantee of that Class A IBLA 
may be unenforceable.  
Certain secured creditors may challenge the validity or enforceability of one or more features of the financing 
structure under the Programme and any challenge may adversely affect the rights of other secured creditors, 
including the holders of the Class A Notes.  
The financing transactions described in this Base Prospectus have been structured based on English law and 
practice as in effect on the date of the establishment of the Programme. It is possible that a secured creditor that is 
subject to laws other than the laws of England and Wales may seek to challenge the validity or enforceability of one or 
more features of the financing structure under the local laws of such creditor’s jurisdiction. Potential investors should be

--- Page 70 ---
50 
  
aware that the outcome of any such challenge may depend on a number of factors, including the application of the laws 
of a jurisdiction other than England and Wales. There can be no assurance that any challenge would not adversely 
affect, directly or indirectly, the rights of the other secured creditors, including the holders of the Class A Notes, the 
market value of the Class A Notes or the ability of the Issuer to make payments of principal and interest on the Class A 
Notes.  
Risks Relating to our Financial Profile 
We will require a significant amount of cash to meet our obligations under our indebtedness and sustain our 
business operations, and our ability to do so will depend on many factors beyond our control.  
Our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, including making principal, interest and other 
payments when due under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Class A IBLAs, the Class B3 
IBLA, the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes, as well as our ability to fund our 
ongoing business operations, will depend upon our future operating performance and our ability to generate cash, 
which, in turn, will be affected to some extent by general economic conditions and by financial, competitive, legislative, 
regulatory and other factors, including those factors discussed in these “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, many of which are beyond our control.  
The future performance of our business and results of operations may not be similar to our historic 
performance or results of operations described in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance 
that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings, revenue 
growth and operating improvements will be realised or that future sources of debt or equity financing will be available 
on favourable terms, or at all, in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund our other 
liquidity needs. If, on the Final Maturity Date or on the Expected Maturity Date for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, or 
at the maturity of any of our indebtedness, we do not have sufficient cash flows from operations and other capital 
resources to repay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance and redeem the Class A Notes in full or pay our other debt 
obligations, as the case may be, or if we are otherwise unable to fund our other ongoing liquidity needs, we may be 
required to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing 
or delaying capital investments or raising additional debt or equity financing in amounts that could be substantial or on 
unfavourable terms.  
Our access to debt, equity and other financing as a source of funding for our operations and for refinancing 
maturing debt will also be subject to many factors, many of which are beyond our control. The type, timing and terms 
of any future financing will depend on our cash needs and the prevailing conditions in the financial markets, including 
in the corporate bond, term loan and equity markets. We cannot assure you that these conditions will be favourable at 
the time any refinancing is required to be undertaken or that we will be able to complete any such refinancing in a 
timely manner or on favourable terms, if at all. For example, interest rate fluctuations, an economic downturn, changes 
in the UK regulatory environment or other industry developments which weaken the strength of our competitive 
position or prospects could increase our cost of borrowing or restrict our ability to obtain debt, equity and other 
financing. The creditworthiness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, 
derivative, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or 
threatened defaults by, one or more financial institutions could also lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit 
problems, including losses or defaults by other institutions. This may adversely affect the financial institutions, such as 
banks and insurance providers, with which we interact on a regular basis, as well as cause disruptions in the capital or 
credit markets (similar to the global credit crisis that began in the second half of 2008), and therefore could adversely 
affect our ability to raise needed funds or access liquidity. 
If we are unable to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on terms which are 
acceptable to us, we may be forced to sell assets. If assets are sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds 
that may be realised from those sales cannot be guaranteed and the terms of our indebtedness, including pursuant to the 
CTA and the Class A IBLAs, will limit our ability to pursue these and other measures. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents” and “Summary of the Finance Documents”. 
Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations or to refinance our indebtedness 
on acceptable terms, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as our ability to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the Class A Notes. Any 
failure to refinance our indebtedness, including under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the 
Class A IBLAs, the Class B3 IBLA, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes, on or prior to the applicable maturity 
date, may result in us defaulting on such indebtedness. The occurrence of any such default could result in the 
enforcement of the collateral granted to secure the applicable indebtedness, including under the Class A IBLAs and the 
Class A Notes, and, as a result of such enforcement, you may receive an amount that is less than your original 
investment in the Class A Notes. See “—Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency.”

--- Page 71 ---
51 
  
Our substantial leverage could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations and prevent us from servicing our payment obligations under our indebtedness.  
The Holdco Group is highly leveraged and has significant debt service obligations. As of 31 January 2021, 
Holdco’s total outstanding indebtedness was £3,047 million. We expect that our substantial leverage will continue in 
the medium term. See “Selected Consolidated Financial, Operating and Other Data—Selected Other Financial Data”.  
We may also be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including future Class A Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. Although the terms of our indebtedness, including under the CTA and the 
Class A IBLAs, provide for restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, such restrictions are subject to a 
number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, in certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that could 
be incurred in compliance with those restrictions could be substantial.  
The degree to which we are leveraged, as well as any further increase in our borrowings, could have important 
consequences for our business and holders of the Class A Notes, including:  
 
making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Class A IBLAs and, 
consequently, the Class A Notes;  
 
increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic 
and industry conditions, including rises in interest rates;  
 
restricting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or pursue other business opportunities;  
 
together with the financial and other restrictive covenants under our indebtedness, limiting our ability 
to obtain additional financing, dispose of assets or pay cash dividends other than as permitted by the 
terms of our indebtedness;  
 
requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our 
indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital 
expenditure, other general corporate requirements and dividend payments;  
 
requiring us to sell or otherwise dispose of assets used in our business in order to fund our substantial 
debt service obligations;  
 
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in 
which we operate;  
 
placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and  
 
increasing our cost of borrowing.  
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our 
significant debt obligations, including under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Class A IBLAs, 
the Class B3 IBLA, the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Class A Notes and the Class B3 Notes. Any failure to make 
payments on our indebtedness when due could give rise to an event of default under the applicable debt instruments. In 
such circumstances, the Obligor Security Trustee or Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, may declare all 
amounts outstanding under the applicable debt instruments to be immediately due and payable and initiate enforcement 
proceedings against the collateral we have provided to secure our obligations under such debt instruments, all or any of 
which actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
We are subject to restrictive covenants that limit our financial and operating flexibility, which could materially and 
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The terms of the CTA require us to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition 
tests, as well as restrict our ability to prepay certain indebtedness, including our indebtedness under the Class A IBLAs 
and the Class A Notes. All these restrictions and limitations are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. See 
“Summary of the Common Documents”. It is also possible that our compliance with such financial ratio maintenance 
covenants may not necessarily be indicative of our actual cash position, due to the fact that certain metrics thereof are 
based on non-cash items.  
The covenants to which we are subject could limit our ability to plan for, or react to, market conditions, as well 
as adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs, 
implement our business plans, pursue business opportunities and engage in other business activities that may be in our 
best interests.

--- Page 72 ---
52 
  
Our ability to comply with the applicable covenants, financial ratios and tests under our debt instruments may 
be adversely affected by events beyond our control and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with their 
requirements. A breach of any of the covenants, financial ratios or tests to which we are subject could result in adverse 
consequences for us under the Issuer Transaction Documents. Furthermore, following the occurrence of any CTA Event 
of Default, subject to applicable cure periods and other limitations on acceleration or enforcement, the relevant creditors 
could cancel the availability of the applicable facilities and elect to declare all outstanding amounts, together with 
accrued interest, immediately due and payable. In addition, any CTA Event of Default could lead to an event of default 
and acceleration under other debt instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions. If our 
creditors, including the creditors under the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility 
and the Class B3 IBLA, accelerate the payment of outstanding amounts, we cannot assure you that our assets or the 
proceeds thereof would be sufficient to repay in full those outstanding amounts, satisfy all our other liabilities which 
would be due and payable and make payments to enable us to repay the Class A IBLA Advances and, consequently, the 
Class A Notes, in whole or in part. In addition, if we are unable to repay those outstanding amounts, our creditors could 
proceed to enforce against any collateral granted to them to secure repayment of those outstanding amounts, which 
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Interest under the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Facility Agreement and the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement is linked to GBP LIBOR which is not expected to be published after the end of 2021 
The Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Facility Agreement and the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement bear interest for each Interest Period based on the published GBP LIBOR rate for the relevant period plus a 
margin.  In July 2017, the FCA in the United Kingdom announced that from the end of 2021, it would cease to compel 
panel banks to submit GBP LIBOR submissions and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that all GBP LIBOR benchmark 
tenors would cease or cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021. On 5 March 2021, the 
administrator for GBP LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration Limited) similarly announced that it would cease the 
publication of the relevant GBP LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new 
powers (which are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill) to require ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited to continue publishing such GBP LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" 
basis). As a result, it is anticipated that the publication of GBP LIBOR will cease with effect from the end of 2021.  In 
anticipation of GBP LIBOR cessation, the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Agreement and the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement include  replacement benchmark rate provisions which, if such replacement benchmark 
rate is not agreed beforehand, provide for a process for the relevant parties to the Senior Term Facility Agreement, 
Working Capital Facility Agreement and Liquidity Facility Agreement (as applicable) to enter into negotiations to agree 
a new or replacement rate, together with certain fall-back provisions. There can be no guarantee that the relevant parties 
will agree on the replacement rate before the end of 2021.  If the relevant parties are unable to agree on a new  rate to 
replace GBP LIBOR and GBP LIBOR is no longer available, the floating rate element of the interest due under the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Working Capital Facility Agreement and the Liquidity Facility Agreement (as 
applicable) could be calculated based on various fallback provisions contained in the relevant facility agreement, 
including by reference to each individual lender’s cost of funds, and any such rate, fallback or cost of funds could be 
materially higher than the historical GBP LIBOR rate and the rate that is being used at the time by the loan market in 
the United Kingdom as the market standard replacement rate for GBP LIBOR.  As a result, the Borrower’s and/or the 
Issuer’s, as the case may, interest costs may increase and such interest payments rank senior to the payments under the 
Class A ILBA and the Class A Notes.  This could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower and/or the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its payment obligations under the Class A IBLAs and or the Class A Notes, respectively. 
Events of default may occur without the knowledge of the Obligor Security Trustee if we fail to notify the Obligor 
Security Trustee of such event.  
The STID provides that the Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled to assume, unless it is otherwise disclosed 
in any investor report or compliance certificate or the Obligor Security Trustee is expressly informed otherwise, that no 
CTA Event of Default, Potential CTA Event of Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing. The Obligor 
Security Trustee will not be required to monitor whether any such event has occurred. It will fall to the Obligors to 
make these determinations, as well as the determinations of the financial and operational positions underlying them, 
which may be subjective. The Obligor Security Trustee shall not be obliged to make any such determinations and shall 
be able to conclusively rely on any investor report or compliance certificate provided to it without being obliged to 
enquire as to the accuracy or validity of any such investor report or compliance certificate. If we fail to notify the 
Obligor Security Trustee of the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, a Trigger Event, it is likely that neither the 
Obligor Security Trustee, any Obligor Secured Creditor nor any Issuer Secured Creditor (including the holders of the 
Class A Notes) would know that a CTA Event of Default, a Trigger Event or a Share Enforcement Event has occurred, 
the occurrence of which may indicate that an individual Obligor or the Holdco Group as a whole is experiencing 
financial or other difficulties. The absence of such notice may result in the Obligor Security Trustee, any Obligor 
Secured Creditor and any Issuer Secured Creditor being unable to enforce their rights in a timely manner, potentially

--- Page 73 ---
53 
  
resulting in greater losses on their investment that would have been the case had such notice of default been given by 
the Obligors when such notice might have first been delivered.  
Certain events could trigger a change of control, which may require a prepayment of certain indebtedness 
Following the occurrence of a Share Enforcement Event, the Obligor Security Trustee may (at the direction of 
Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Topco Secured 
Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 Notes even where the majority of the holders of the Class B Notes are not 
in favour of such enforcement) enforce the Topco Security. In the event that the Topco Security is enforced this could 
also give rise to a change of control mandatory prepayment obligation under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
which contains such provision.  
In addition, the ultimate shareholders of the Holdco Group may decide to sell the Holdco Group, which may 
also trigger a change of control mandatory prepayment obligation in any Class A Authorised Credit Facility which 
contains such a provision. 
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy the Borrower’s debt obligations (including the 
mandatory prepayment of indebtedness arising from a change of control), it may have to undertake alternative financing 
plans, such as refinancing or restructuring its debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to 
raise additional capital. Any refinancing by us is subject to certain conditions (including, without limitation, the then 
prevailing market conditions for that type of transaction and in particular the availability or absence of liquidity in the 
debt capital markets and/ or the term loan markets). No assurance can be given that these conditions will be favourable 
at the time any refinancing is required. Any such refinancing may not be possible, and assets may need to be sold to 
cover any shortfall. If assets are sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds that may be realised from those 
sales cannot be guaranteed. Therefore the Borrower may not have sufficient funds to make any mandatory prepayment 
as and when it is required to be made and, ultimately, the Issuer may be unable to satisfy its obligations with respect to 
the Class A Notes. 
It is not unusual for contracts with commercial counterparties to provide rights of termination upon a change of 
control occurring with respect to their commercial counterparty. Accordingly, in addition to the mandatory prepayment 
obligations described above, certain commercial counterparties contracting with members of the Holdco Group may 
exercise their right to terminate the contractual agreement of a change of control of the Holdco Group were to occur. In 
such circumstances we may not be able to find alternative commercial counterparties to replace the terminated 
arrangements or we may not be able to find alternatives with equally advantageous commercial terms. 
Amounts in the Defeasance Account may be released to the Borrower 
As an alternative to prepayment or redemption of the relevant Class A Notes or Class A Authorised Credit 
Facilities, the Borrower may credit amounts to the Defeasance Account in certain circumstances. Those amounts 
include:  
 
amounts in respect of Excess Cashflow credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to paragraph 2 of 
Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments while a Trigger Event is continuing—see 
further “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—
Defeasance Account” and “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment”; 
 
amounts attributable to an Equity Cure Amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to the 
terms of the CTA; 
 
amounts required to be paid into the Defeasance Account pursuant to the CTA where a voluntary 
prepayment or Debt Purchase Transaction is made while a Trigger Event is continuing; and 
 
amounts in respect of Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds required to be applied in prepayment 
of Class A Authorised Credit Facilities while a Trigger Event is continuing. 
Amounts credited to the Defeasance Account are held for the pro rata benefit of the Class A Authorised Credit 
Providers under any fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (and therefore indirectly the Class A Noteholders 
which hold Fixed Rate Class A Notes) in respect of which the relevant amounts were credited. However such amounts 
may be released from the Defeasance Account where the event or circumstance giving rise to the requirement to credit 
such amounts to the Defeasance Account is no longer continuing. See further “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Defeasance Account”. Consequently, amounts available in the 
Defeasance Account will not in all circumstances be applied to repay any Class A IBLA and therefore Class A 
Noteholders and may be released to the Borrower.

--- Page 74 ---
54 
  
Hedging Risks 
Our use of hedging instruments may not adequately mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or may 
expose us to additional risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
We seek to mitigate our exposure to interest rate fluctuations in respect of our indebtedness under the Senior 
Term Facility, which bears interest at a variable rate, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility which bears interest 
at a variable rate, the Class A IBLAs, any future Class A IBLA and additional Class A Notes related thereto, through 
the use of various types of hedging instruments, including forward contracts, as well as other derivatives transactions, 
such as interest rate swaps. Under the terms of the CTA, we are required to hedge interest payments on at least 75% of 
the outstanding balance of our floating rate debt for a period of five years. See “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Hedging Policy”. There can be no assurance that we will, or will be able to, correctly 
anticipate our full exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will, or will be 
able to, hedge our full exposure or that our hedging transactions will be effective. The use of derivatives is a highly 
specialised activity that involves investment techniques and risks different from those associated with our ordinary 
business. Depending on market conditions and movements in interest rates, our use of hedging transactions could 
enhance or harm our overall performance compared to our competitors. In addition, we will be subject to the 
creditworthiness of the counterparties under our hedging transactions, and we will be exposed to the risk of insolvency 
or default on the part of our hedge counterparties. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be 
materially and adversely affected in the event that one or more of these risks materialise. 
The Holdco Group’s and Issuer’s hedging contracts expose the Holdco Group and the Issuer to contingent liabilities 
that are volatile and may crystallise into cash obligations in the future. 
The Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s interest rate, currency and/or commodity price hedging strategies involve 
entering into derivative contracts that require the Holdco Group (and, if the Issuer enters into any Hedging Agreement 
in the future, the Issuer) to fund cash payments in certain circumstances. The extent of these liabilities depend on 
financial market conditions and expectations of future rate and price movements that are beyond the Holdco Group’s 
and the Issuer’s control. These payments are contingent liabilities and therefore may not appear on the Holdco Group’s 
and/or the Issuer’s statement of financial position. 
The Holdco Group and the Issuer are subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early 
termination of the Hedging Agreements by Hedge Counterparties or, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements by OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparties. If a Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement is terminated and the 
Holdco Group and/or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to find a replacement Hedge Counterparty or a replacement 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the funds available to the Holdco Group and/or the Issuer may be insufficient to 
meet their respective obligations in full as a result of adverse fluctuations in inter alia interest rates, exchange rates 
and/or commodity prices or making any termination payments to the relevant Hedge Counterparty and/or OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty. 
The Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s ability to fund their respective contingent liabilities will depend on the 
liquidity of the Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these 
contingent liabilities could adversely impact the Holdco Group’s and/or the Issuer’s financial condition. 
For details of the Holdco Group’s and the Issuer’s option to terminate under the Hedging Agreements and the 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreements, see the section headed “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Hedging Policy”. 
Absence of credit rating triggers in Hedging Agreements and OCB Secured Hedging Agreements. 
Although the Holdco Group and the Issuer will only be permitted to enter into Hedging Transactions and OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions with suitably rated counterparties the rating of which is to be tested only on the entry 
into each Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging Transaction, as applicable (see “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Hedging Policy—Principles relating to Hedging Agreements”), the Hedging 
Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements will not include early termination triggers referencing the 
credit ratings of the relevant Hedge Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties. As a consequence, the 
Holdco Group and the Issuer will not be entitled to replace Hedge Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparties (as applicable) with more creditworthy counterparties in the event they are downgraded and the Hedge 
Counterparties or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties (as applicable) will not be obliged to post collateral under such 
circumstances. Such downgrades may lead to the credit ratings of the Class A Notes being downgraded.

--- Page 75 ---
55 
  
Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency  
The collateral may not be sufficient to secure the obligations under the Class A IBLAs, the Class A Notes and any 
other future indebtedness ranking pari passu with the foregoing, and, in the event of any enforcement of security, 
you may recover an amount that is less than your original investment in the Class A Notes.  
The Class A IBLAs and the Class A Notes are secured by security interests in the collateral described in this 
Base Prospectus. The value of any collateral and the amount to be received upon any enforcement of such collateral will 
depend upon many factors, including the ability to sell the collateral in an orderly sale, economic and market conditions 
and the availability of buyers. The book value of the collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realisable value 
for such assets. All or a portion of the collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. 
Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the sale of the collateral, or, if such a market exists, that 
there will not be a substantial delay in its liquidation. In addition, the share pledges of an entity may be of no value if 
that entity is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. Furthermore, the multijurisdictional nature of any 
foreclosure on the collateral may limit the realizable value of the collateral. For example, the bankruptcy, insolvency, 
administrative and other laws of various jurisdictions may be materially different from, or conflict with each other, 
including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of government and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition 
interest and duration of the proceedings. Accordingly, we can provide no assurance that the proceeds realised as a result 
of an enforcement of any collateral will be sufficient to discharge in full the amounts due on the Class A IBLA 
Advances, and consequently the Class A Notes, nor can we provide any assurance that holders of the Class A Notes will 
not be adversely affected by such realisation or enforcement. 
The enforcement and disposal of the Obligor Security by the Obligor Security Trustee may be subject to the Security 
Trustee obtaining a fairness opinion. 
On an enforcement of the Obligor Security under the Obligor Security Documents, the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Creditors, subject to having passed the necessary resolution in accordance with the STID (see “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement and Acceleration”), will have the right to 
instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to enforce the Obligor Security and dispose of assets and/or the shares in the 
Obligors without the approval of any Obligor Junior Secured Creditors (including the Class B Noteholders via the 
Issuer). However, if there are Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding at the time under any Class B Authorised 
Credit Facility (including the Class B3 IBLA), the Obligor Security Trustee may only dispose of any Obligor Secured 
Property with a value above £10 million if a fairness opinion from a financial advisor has been first commissioned 
unless certain exceptions apply. For further information see “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement and Acceleration”. Any requirement to obtain a fairness opinion could delay the 
realisation of the Obligor Secured Property upon an enforcement of the Obligor Security. 
The enforcement and/or acceleration of Obligor Security may be subject to instructions from the Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditors 
The STID provides that, except where the Obligor Security Trustee is mandatorily required to appoint an 
Administrative Receiver, the Obligor Security Trustee may only take enforcement action in respect of the Obligor 
Security if so instructed by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors in accordance with the STID. As long as there are 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities outstanding, the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors will comprise the 
providers of any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including the STF Lenders, the WCF Lenders and the Issuer as the 
lender under any Class A IBLA but excluding the Liquidity Facility Providers) and the Hedge Counterparties and the 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties (for the purposes of voting on enforcement). If the proposed enforcement action 
includes serving a Loan Acceleration Notice on the Borrower to accelerate the Obligor Secured Liabilities or to approve 
any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business or the shares in a member of the Holdco Group subject to the Obligor 
Security and the Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is less than or equal to £1,250.0 million at the 
relevant time, then the resolution to direct the Obligor Security Trustee to take such action must be approved by both 
the Bank Instructing Group and the Note Instructing Group. If the Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A 
IBLAs is greater than £1,250.0 million, then such resolution must be approved by the Class A Instructing Group. See 
the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement and 
Acceleration” for further information. The AA Pension Trustees will not form part of the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors. The Obligor Senior Secured Creditors in respect of the Senior Term Facility and the Working Capital Facility 
may have interests and views which compete with those of the Class A Noteholders. As a result, the Class A 
Noteholders (via the Issuer) may not be able to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take enforcement action in 
respect of the Obligor Security and the Obligors (see the section entitled “Summary of the Common Documents—
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities”).

--- Page 76 ---
56 
  
It may be difficult to realise the value of the collateral.  
The collateral securing, among other things, the Class A IBLAs, the Class A Notes, the Class B3 Loan and the 
Class B3 Notes, as the case may be, will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other 
imperfections permitted under Issuer Class A Transaction Documents, the Class B3 IBLA or the STID and accepted by 
other creditors that have the benefit of first-priority security interests in the collateral securing the Class A Notes or 
Class A IBLAs from time to time, whether on or after the date the Class A Notes are first issued. The existence of any 
such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could adversely affect the value of the collateral 
securing the Class A Notes and Class A IBLAs, as well as the ability of the Obligor Security Trustee to realise or 
foreclose on such collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking of security interests can be affected by a variety of 
factors, including the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or recharacterisation under the laws 
of certain jurisdictions.  
The security interests of the Obligor Security Trustee will be subject to practical problems generally associated 
with the realisation of security interests in collateral. For example, the Obligor Security Trustee may need to obtain the 
consent of a third-party to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Obligor Security Trustee will be 
able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when 
required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Obligor Security Trustee may not have the ability to 
foreclose upon those assets and the value of the collateral may significantly decrease.  
In addition, our business requires a variety of permits and licenses. The continued operation of properties that 
comprise part of the collateral and which depend on the maintenance of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or 
restricted. Our business is subject to regulations and permitting requirements and may be adversely affected if we are 
unable to comply with existing regulations or requirements or if changes in applicable regulations or requirements 
occur. In the event of foreclosure, the grant of permits and licenses may be revoked, the transfer of such permits and 
licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and expense. Furthermore, we cannot assure you 
that the applicable Governmental Authorities will consent to the transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals 
required for such transfers are not obtained, are delayed or are uneconomical to obtain, the foreclosure may be delayed, 
a temporary or lasting shutdown of operations may result and the value of the collateral may be significantly decreased.  
The security interests in the collateral will be granted to the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee, 
as the case may be, rather than directly to the creditors in respect of the applicable indebtedness. The ability of the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee to enforce certain of the collateral may be restricted by 
local law.  
The security interests in the collateral that will secure our obligations under, among other things, the Class A 
IBLAs, the Class A Notes, the Class B3 Loan, the Class B3 Notes and the Topco Payment Undertaking will not be 
granted directly to the creditors in respect of such indebtedness, but will be granted only in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be. Accordingly, only the Obligor Security Trustee 
and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, will have the right to enforce the applicable security. As a 
consequence, the creditors in respect of such indebtedness, including the holders of the Class A Notes, will not have 
direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the collateral securing such 
indebtedness, except, in the case of the holders of the Class A Notes, through the Class A Note Trustee, who will 
(subject to the provisions of the STID and, as applicable, the Issuer Deed of Charge) provide instructions to the Obligor 
Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, in respect of the applicable collateral.  
The ability of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, to enforce the 
applicable security will be subject to mandatory provisions of the laws of England and Wales and Jersey and Ireland, as 
applicable, the jurisdictions in which security over the collateral is taken.  
Guarantees, payment undertakings and security may constitute a transaction at an undervalue or preference.  
A liquidator or administrator of a provider of a guarantee, a payment undertaking and/or security incorporated 
in England could apply to the court to unwind the issuance thereof; provided that it was granted during the two years 
before the onset of insolvency, if such liquidator or administrator believed that issuance of such constituted a 
transaction at an undervalue. The Holdco Group believes that such guarantee, payment undertaking and security will 
not be a transaction at an undervalue and that such guarantee, payment undertaking and security will be provided in 
good faith for the purposes of carrying on the business of each provider incorporated in England and its subsidiaries and 
that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the transactions will benefit each such provider. However, there can 
be no assurance that the provision thereof will not be challenged by a liquidator or administrator or that a court would 
support the Holdco Group’s analysis. If the provisions of such guarantee, payment undertaking and security were 
determined to be transactions at an undervalue, the court may make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position 
to what it would have been if such guarantee, payment undertaking and security had not been given or made.

--- Page 77 ---
57 
  
If the liquidator or administrator can show that any one of the Obligors has given a “preference” to any person 
within six months of the onset of liquidation or administration (or two years if the preference is to a “connected 
person”) and, at the time of the preference, the relevant Obligor, as the case may be, was technically insolvent or 
became so as a result of the preferential transaction, a court has the power, among other things, to void the preferential 
transaction. For these purposes, a company gives preference to a person if that person is one of the company’s creditors 
(or a surety or guarantor for any of the company’s debts or liabilities) and the company takes an action which has the 
effect of putting that person into a position which, in the event of the company going into insolvent liquidation, will be 
better than the position that person would have been in if that thing had not been done. The court may not make an 
order in respect of a preferential transaction unless it is satisfied that the company was influenced by a desire to put that 
person in a better position. Although for a connected person such desire is (rebuttably) presumed. This provision of 
English insolvency law may affect transactions entered into or payments made by any of the Obligors during the 
relevant period prior to the liquidation or administration of such Obligor.  
In addition, if it can be shown that a transaction entered into by an English company was made for less than 
fair value and was made to shield assets from creditors, then the transaction may be set aside as a transaction defrauding 
creditors. Any person who is a “victim” of the transaction, and not just liquidators or administrators, may assert such a 
claim. There is no statutory time limit within which a claim must be made (although the normal provisions under the 
Limitation Act 1980 will apply) and the company need not be insolvent at the time of the transaction. The Obligors do 
not believe that they have entered into any transactions which may be regarded as being for less than fair value or to 
shield assets from their creditors.  
A delay in regulatory consent for the enforcement of security could materially and adversely affect the interests of 
the holders of the Class A Notes.  
On an enforcement of the security granted under the Obligor Security Documents, the Obligor Security Trustee 
may elect to effect the enforcement by way of a sale of the shares in an Obligor or a sale of the shares in a Holding 
Company within the Holdco Group which owns an Obligor. Where such Obligor is engaged in either insurance or 
insurance intermediary business, such a sale will be subject to the consent of the PRA or the FCA. Any purchaser of 
such Obligor or such Holding Company (including Holdco) which owns such Obligor would be required to meet, 
among other things, a fit and proper person test. In such case, the consent of the PRA or the FCA, as applicable, will 
typically be granted within 60 business days within receipt of the relevant application, depending on the complexity of 
the request. The withholding or delay of the consent of the PRA or the FCA could adversely affect the interests of the 
holders of the Class A Notes in an enforcement scenario.  
On an enforcement of security over the assets of an Obligor which is an authorised person, the enforcement 
rights may not be exercised to the extent that any such enforcement action would cause the relevant Obligor to have 
regulatory capital which is less than a specified amount (the amount being its regulatory capital requirement or in 
certain circumstances a lower amount). 
The Issuer is incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales and therefore may be subject to overseas 
insolvency law on the security enforcement process.  
It is likely that, given the fact that the Issuer is managed and operated from England and this is ascertainable to 
a third-party creditor (such that the creditor would assume the Issuer’s COMI are in England), the Issuer’s centre of 
main interests (as defined in the Insolvency (England and Wales) Rules 2016 (“COMI”)) is in England, as opposed to 
Jersey and any insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer could be commenced in England and conducted in 
accordance with the requirements of English insolvency laws (although noting that neither the Insolvency (England and 
Wales) Rules 2016 or EC Regulation No. 848/2015 on Insolvency Proceedings (the “Recast Insolvency Regulation”) 
apply as a matter of Jersey domestic law (see “—Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency—Insolvency 
laws and security enforcement in Jersey”)). If this is the case at the time that the relevant insolvency proceedings are 
opened, the Issuer may be subject to UK main insolvency proceedings, including administration, voluntary 
arrangements, or certain liquidation proceedings with confirmation by the court. This is because under the Insolvency 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/146) (as amended) the location of a debtor’s COMI in England and 
Wales remains one of the bases upon which the English courts can decide to open insolvency proceedings (such as 
liquidation or administration). Alternatively, English insolvency law may also be applicable to the Issuer if a request for 
assistance is made by the Jersey court to the English court under section 426 of the Insolvency Act.  
Even if the Issuer’s COMI were in England, or section 426 of the Insolvency Act applied, it is unlikely that it 
would be possible to appoint an Administrative Receiver in respect of the Issuer in England (so as to prevent the 
appointment of an English administrator) using the capital market exemption described in more detail above. This is 
because notwithstanding the fact that its COMI may be in England, the Issuer is unlikely to be considered a “company” 
for the purposes of section 28 of the Insolvency Act since they are not formed under one of the UK Companies Acts.

--- Page 78 ---
58 
  
Such UK insolvency proceedings do not benefit from automatic recognition in the Member States. The UK 
insolvency officeholder will therefore need to apply to the courts of each Member State where recognition is required to 
apply for such under domestic insolvency and/or private international laws of such Member State.  
There is no certainty that the insolvency proceeding will be recognised. Where the appointment of a UK office 
holder has been made in reliance on a UK domestic approach, there is a lesser degree of certainty still that there will be 
recognition in the relevant Member State. 
If insolvency proceedings were to be opened in a place other than England and Wales, such proceedings could 
be in parallel to proceedings opened in England. Such proceedings would not benefit from automatic recognition in 
England—although the officeholder could apply under the UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations (as defined below) 
which provide that foreign (i.e. non-English) insolvency proceedings may be recognised where any English company 
has its COMI or an “establishment” (being a place of operations where it carries out a non-transitory economic activity 
with human means and assets) in such foreign jurisdiction. The UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency 
was implemented, subject to certain modifications, in Great Britain on 4 April 2006 by The Cross-Border Insolvency 
Regulations 2006, SI 2006/1030 (the “UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations”). The application of the UNCITRAL 
Implementing Regulations may be relevant where: (i) the Issuer has non-UK assets and/or foreign creditors which may 
be subject to or initiate foreign proceedings; and (ii) there is a company in the Holdco Group that is an Obligor and 
incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales and which does not have its COMI in England and Wales. 
This may inhibit the ability of the relevant trustee to appoint a Receiver in respect of such Obligor or may impose a 
mandatory stay on insolvency proceedings in the English courts which ultimately could lead to a delay in the realisation 
of security and/or a reduction in the amounts received from such realisation.  
Under the UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations, if foreign insolvency proceedings are commenced in 
respect of a company, then, upon application by the foreign representative (defined to be a person or body, including 
one appointed on an interim basis, authorised in a foreign proceeding to administer the reorganisation or the liquidation 
of the company’s assets or affairs or to act as a representative of the foreign proceeding), and provided that certain 
requirements are met, the English courts are required to recognise such proceedings. Any such recognition may in effect 
impact upon the availability of certain types of creditor action in England and Wales or, provided certain further 
requirements are met, result in the application of English avoidance (including claw-back) provisions. 
In addition, if the relevant foreign insolvency proceedings are recognised as “foreign main proceedings”, an 
automatic stay on certain types of creditor action will apply (including the commencement or continuation of certain 
legal proceedings) and the company’s right to transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of its assets will be suspended in 
England and Wales. In general, this stay and suspension will not restrict rights relating to the enforcement of security or 
of a creditor to set-off its claim against a claim of the company (so long as these rights could be exercised if the 
company had been made the subject of a winding up order under the Insolvency Act 1986). However, the foreign 
representative may also make an application to an English court to exercise its discretion to provide further relief, 
including the imposition of a wider stay (which may extend to restrictions on the rights referred to above), particularly 
if the foreign proceedings in question are reorganisation proceedings which, under the foreign insolvency law, give rise 
to a stay on security enforcement.  
Insolvency laws and security enforcement in Jersey. 
TAAL and the Issuer are incorporated under the laws of Jersey. The security interest agreements in respect of 
the shares in TAAL and the Issuer are governed by the laws of Jersey. 
Insolvency 
The principal type of insolvency procedure available to creditors under Jersey law is the application for an Act 
of the Royal Court of Jersey under the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended (the “Jersey Bankruptcy 
Law”) declaring the property of a debtor to be “en désastre” (a declaration). On a declaration of désastre, title and 
possession of the property of the debtor vest automatically in the Viscount, an official of the Royal Court (the 
“Viscount”). With effect from the date of declaration, a creditor has no other remedy against the property or person of 
the debtor, and may not commence or, except with the consent of the Viscount or the Royal Court, continue any legal 
proceedings to recover the debt. 
Additionally, the shareholders of a Jersey company (but not its creditors) can instigate a winding-up of an 
insolvent company, which is known as a “creditors’ winding up” pursuant to Chapter 4 of Part 21 of the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991, as amended (the “Jersey Companies Law”). On a creditors’ winding up, a liquidator is appointed, 
usually by the creditors. The liquidator will stand in the shoes of the directors and administer the winding up, gather 
assets, make appropriate disposals of assets, settle claims and distribute assets as appropriate. After the commencement 
of the winding up, no action can be taken or continued against the company except with the leave of the court. The 
corporate state and capacity of the company continues until the end of the winding up procedure, when the company is

--- Page 79 ---
59 
  
dissolved. The Jersey Companies Law requires a creditor of a company (subject to appeal) to be bound by an 
arrangement entered into by the company and its creditors immediately before or in the course of its winding up if (inter 
alia) three quarters in number and value of the creditors acceded to the arrangement. 
Although a creditors’ winding up can only currently be instigated by shareholders of a Jersey company, it is 
anticipated that an amendment to the Jersey Companies Law will be introduced enabling creditors to commence a 
creditors’ winding up, thus giving creditors an additional means of instigating insolvency proceedings against a Jersey 
company. 
Floating Charges. 
Under the laws of Jersey, a person incorporated, resident or domiciled in Jersey is deemed to have capacity to 
grant security governed by foreign law over property situated outside Jersey, but to the extent that any floating charge is 
expressed to apply to any asset, property and undertaking of a person incorporated, resident or domiciled in Jersey such 
floating charge is not likely to be held valid and enforceable by the Courts of Jersey in respect of Jersey-situs assets. 
Administrators, Receivers and Statutory and Non-statutory Requests for Assistance. 
The UK Insolvency Act 1986 (either as originally enacted or as amended, including by the provisions of the 
UK Enterprise Act 2002 (the “Enterprise Act”)) does not apply in Jersey and receivers, Administrative Receivers and 
administrators are not part of the laws of Jersey. Accordingly, the Courts of Jersey may not recognise the powers of an 
administrator, Administrative Receiver or other receiver appointed in respect of Jersey-situs assets. 
However, under Article 49(1) of the Jersey Bankruptcy Law, the Courts of Jersey may assist the courts of 
prescribed countries and territories, including the UK, in all matters relating to the insolvency of any person to the 
extent that the Courts of Jersey think fit. Further, in doing so, the Courts of Jersey may have regard to the UNCITRAL 
model law, even though the model law has not been (and is unlikely to be) implemented as a separate law in Jersey. 
If insolvency proceedings have been commenced in another jurisdiction in relation to a company, the nature 
and extent of the co-operation from Jersey is likely to depend on the nature of the requesting country’s insolvency 
regime. 
In the case of both statutory and non-statutory requests for assistance, it should not be assumed that the 
UNCITRAL provisions will automatically be followed. That is a matter for the discretion of the Courts of Jersey. It 
would also be wrong to assume for European countries that the position will be in accordance with the Recast 
Insolvency Regulation. Jersey does not form part of the European Community for the purposes of implementation of its 
directions. Accordingly, the Recast Insolvency Regulation does not apply as a matter of Jersey domestic law and the 
automatic test of centre of main interests does not apply as a result. 
Enforcement of Security and Security in Insolvency. 
Enforcement of a security interest against a Jersey company may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation, dissolution, re-organisation or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights of 
creditors and laws in relation to transactions at an undervalue, preferences, extortionate credit transactions, disclaimer 
of overseas property and fraudulent dispositions also apply in Jersey.  
Under Jersey law, security over Jersey-situs assets is created in accordance with the provisions of the Security 
Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 or the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012. The security interest agreements in respect of 
the shares in the Issuer and TAAL are governed by the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 rather than the Security 
Interests (Jersey) Law 2012 because they were entered into before the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012 came into 
full force and effect on January 2014. 
Under the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 a power of sale, or, where this is permitted, appropriation, are 
the only means of enforcing a security interest over intangible moveable property (such as shares) located in Jersey 
currently contemplated by the Jersey security interests law, and the ability of a secured party directly or indirectly to 
enforce or realise its security other than by exercising the statutory power of sale (or appropriation) is untested in the 
Courts of Jersey. Pursuant to the provisions of the Security Interests (Jersey) 1983 Law in order to exercise a power of 
sale or, where this is permitted, appropriation following an event of default, a secured party must serve on the party who 
gave the security (the “Debtor”) a notice specifying the particular event of default complained of and if the default is 
capable of remedy requiring the Debtor to remedy it and only if the Debtor fails to remedy the default (if it is capable of 
remedy) within fourteen days after receipt of such notice does the power of sale or appropriation become exercisable. A 
transfer of shares in a Jersey company (including in connection with enforcement of security), not being a transfer made 
to or with the sanction of the liquidator of the company in a creditors’ winding up (insolvent winding up) under the 
Jersey Companies Law, or the Viscount after the property of the company is declared to be en désastre under the Jersey

--- Page 80 ---
60 
  
Bankruptcy Law, and an alteration in the status of the company’s members made after the commencement of the 
creditors’ winding up or after such declaration of en désastre, is void.  
Fixed security interests may be recharacterised as floating security interests due to the degree of control exercised 
over certain underlying assets, including over bank accounts, and as a result the full proceeds of enforcement may 
not be available to repay the Obligor Secured Liabilities or the Issuer Secured Liabilities. 
There is a possibility that a court could find that the fixed security interests expressed to be created by the 
security documents governed by English law should, instead, take effect as floating charges, on the basis that the 
description given to them as fixed charges is not determinative. 
Whether the fixed security interests will be upheld as fixed security interests rather than floating security 
interests will depend, among other things, on whether the Obligor Security Trustee or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
Security Trustee has the requisite degree of control over the relevant assets and exercises that control in practice. 
The Borrower and the other Obligors have interests in a number of accounts, including accounts established in 
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. The Borrower and the other Obligors party to the Obligor 
Security Agreement have, pursuant to the terms of the Obligor Security Agreement, granted security over all of their 
interests in the accounts, which security is expressed to be by way of a fixed charge. Furthermore, under the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, the Issuer will grant security over all of its bank accounts, which will also be expressed to be fixed 
security. 
Although the various bank accounts are stated to be subject to certain degrees of control (in certain cases only 
on the giving of notice following delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice), there is a risk that, if the Issuer Security 
Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee (as applicable) does not exercise the requisite degree of control over the 
relevant accounts in practice, a court could determine that the security interests granted in respect of those accounts take 
effect as floating security interests only and that the security interests granted over the assets from which the monies 
paid into the accounts are derived also take effect as floating security interests only, notwithstanding that the security 
interests are expressed to be fixed. In such circumstances, monies paid into accounts or derived from those assets could 
be diverted to pay preferential creditors, the costs of the insolvency process and certain other liabilities were a Receiver, 
liquidator or administrator to be appointed in respect of the relevant company in whose name the account is held. 
In addition to security over bank accounts, the Borrower and the other Obligors party to the Obligor Security 
Agreement have, pursuant to the Obligor Security Agreement, granted security, expressed to be by way of fixed charge, 
over certain other assets including certain Real Property, shares in certain members of the Holdco Group, intra-group 
loans and intellectual property. Further, pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer will grant security, expressed 
to be by way of a fixed charge, over certain other of its assets including Cash Equivalent Investments. There is a risk, as 
highlighted by the case of Ashborder BV & Ors v Green Gas Power Ltd & Ors (2004) EHWC 1517 (ch), that a court 
could determine that the nature and extent of the rights and obligations which the parties intended to create, as 
evidenced by the Transaction Documents, are inconsistent with the grant of a fixed security interest and that such 
security takes effect as floating charge security interests only, notwithstanding that the security interests are expressed 
to be fixed. 
If the fixed security interests are recharacterised as floating security interests, the claims of (i) the unsecured 
creditors of the relevant Obligor incorporated in England and Wales (or otherwise subject to insolvency proceedings in 
England and Wales) (“English Obligor”) or, as the case may be, the Issuer in respect of that part of the English 
Obligor’s net property which is ring-fenced as a result of the Enterprise Act and (ii) certain statutorily defined 
preferential creditors of the relevant English Obligor, may have priority over the rights of the Obligor Security Trustee 
or the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, to the proceeds of enforcement of such security in accordance with 
section 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986. To the extent that the assets of the Issuer or any Obligor are subject only to a 
floating charge (including any fixed charge recharacterised by the courts as a floating charge) in certain circumstances 
under the provisions of section 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986, certain floating charge realisations which would 
otherwise be available to satisfy the claims of secured creditors under the Issuer Deed of Charge or the Obligor Security 
Agreement may be first used to satisfy any claims of unsecured creditors, up to an amount equal to £800,000 (or an 
increased amount which may be provided for by statutory instrument) in respect of each relevant Obligor as set out in 
the Insolvency Act 1986 (Prescribed Part) Order 2003. As a result, the full amount of the proceeds of enforcement of 
the security may not be available to repay the Class A IBLAs and, as a result, the Class A Notes. 
Further the costs and expenses of an administration or liquidation (including corporation tax on capital gains) 
will be payable out of floating charge assets in priority to the claims of the floating charge holder. As a result of the 
changes described above, upon the enforcement of the floating charge security granted by an English Obligor,  floating 
charge realisations which would otherwise be available to satisfy the claims of secured creditors under the Issuer Deed 
of Charge and/or the Obligor Security Agreement will be reduced by at least a significant proportion of any 
administration or liquidation expenses.

--- Page 81 ---
61 
  
Floating charges given by the English Obligors may be deemed invalid for lack of consideration which would hinder 
the appointment of an administrator or an Administrative Receiver. 
Section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that, in certain circumstances, a floating charge granted by a 
company may be invalid in whole or in part. If a floating charge is held to be wholly invalid then it will not be possible 
to appoint an administrator or an Administrative Receiver of such company and, therefore, it will not be possible to 
prevent the appointment of an administrator of such company. The risk is, if a liquidator or administrator is appointed to 
the Issuer or the relevant Obligor within a period of one year (or two years if the transaction is with a connected person) 
(the “relevant time”) commencing upon the date on which the Issuer or that Obligor, as the case may be, grants a 
floating charge, the floating charge granted by the Issuer or that Obligor, as the case may be, will be invalid pursuant to 
section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 except to the extent of the consideration received by the relevant chargor at the 
time of or after the creation of the floating charge. The Issuer has and will have received consideration (namely, the 
Issuer will issue Class A Notes and Class B Notes and will receive the subscription monies therefor) and the Borrower 
has and will have received such consideration (namely, the Borrower will draw under the Class A IBLAs and the 
Class B IBLAs and the other Authorised Credit Facilities. As such, during the relevant time the floating charge granted 
by the Issuer will be valid to the extent of the amount of the Class A Notes and Class B Notes issued by the Issuer and 
the floating charge granted by the Borrower will be valid to the extent of the amount drawn by the Borrower under the 
Authorised Credit Facilities including the Class A IBLAs. The floating charge granted by each of the other Obligors 
will be valid to the extent of the £1,000 fee paid by the Borrower to the other Obligors and any other consideration 
received by the Obligors which qualifies as valid consideration for the purposes of Section 245 of the Insolvency Act 
1986 and may not be valid for the full amount of the property charged. However, such limitation on the validity of the 
floating charges will not of itself affect the ability of the Obligor Security Trustee to appoint an Administrative Receiver 
in respect of the English Obligors. After the relevant time it will not be possible for the floating charges granted by each 
of the Issuer, the Borrower or the English Obligors to be invalidated under section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986. 
The ability of the Obligor Secured Creditors to appoint an Administrative Receiver may be hindered by the 
application of the Enterprise Act in respect of floating charges. 
The provisions of the Enterprise Act restrict the right of the holder of a floating charge to appoint an 
Administrative Receiver (unless the security was created prior to 15 September 2003 or an exception applies) and 
instead give primacy to collective insolvency procedures (in particular, administration). 
The Insolvency Act 1986 contains provisions that continue to allow for the appointment of an Administrative 
Receiver in relation to certain transactions in the capital markets. The relevant exception provides that the appointment 
of an Administrative Receiver is not prohibited if it is made in pursuance of an agreement which is or forms part of a 
capital market arrangement (as defined in the Insolvency Act 1986) under which a party incurs or, when such 
agreement was entered into was expected to incur, a debt of at least £50.0 million and if the arrangement involves the 
issue of a capital market investment (also defined in the Insolvency Act 1986, but generally a rated, listed or traded debt 
instrument). This exception should be applicable to floating charges created by the English Obligors and assigned by 
way of security to the Obligor Security Trustee. However, as this issue is partly a question of fact, were it not possible 
to appoint an Administrative Receiver in respect of one or more of the English Obligors, such Obligors could be placed 
into administration if they were to become insolvent. 
The UK Secretary of State may, by secondary legislation, modify the exceptions to the prohibition on 
appointing an Administrative Receiver or provide that the exception shall cease to have effect. No assurance can be 
given that any such modification or provision in respect of the capital market exception, or its ceasing to be applicable 
to the transactions described in this Base Prospectus, will not be detrimental to the interests of the Class A Noteholders. 
The ability of certain members of the Obligor group to seek a moratorium which could restrict creditors’ ability to 
enforce security. 
Pursuant to the Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020, a free-standing moratorium is available to 
protect certain companies, both UK and overseas if there is a sufficient connection with England, from creditor action 
for a specified period, granting a “payment holiday” for “pre-moratorium debts”. Pre-moratorium debts are debts due 
prior to the moratorium coming into force or debts which become due during the moratorium if they relate to 
obligations incurred before the moratorium comes into force. The moratorium is similar in scope to that which applies 
in administration, preventing security enforcement and legal proceedings among other things. In order to be eligible for 
the moratorium, a company must be or likely to be unable to pay its debts and the moratorium must be likely to result in 
the rescue of the company as a going concern. However, there are broad exclusions including for companies which are 
party to a capital markets arrangement. As a result, the moratorium is not available to members of the Obligor group.

--- Page 82 ---
62 
  
Risks relating to the Class A Notes 
The Class A Authorised Credit Facilities will rank behind certain third parties in respect of certain obligations of the 
Issuer and the Borrower. 
Although the Issuer Security Trustee will hold the benefit of the Issuer Security on trust for the Class A 
Noteholders and the Obligor Security Trustee will hold the benefit of the Obligor Security on trust for the Obligor 
Secured Creditors, such security interests will also be held on trust for certain third parties. Certain obligations of the 
Issuer to third parties rank ahead of the Class A Noteholders. Such persons include, among others, the Class A Note 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee (in its individual capacity), the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Class A Paying 
Agents and the Issuer Account Bank in respect of certain amounts owed to them. To the extent that significant amounts 
are owing to any such persons, the amounts available to Class A Noteholders will be reduced. 
As noted above, amounts payable to certain other secured creditors will rank senior to payments of interest and 
principal on the Class A IBLA Advances and Class A Notes. In particular, the liabilities of certain members of the 
Holdco Group owing to the AA Ireland Pension Trustee will be secured by the Obligor Security and rank in priority to 
any other claims of the Obligor Senior Secured Creditors (excluding the Obligor Security Trustee and any Receiver) up 
to an amount not exceeding £10 million. Furthermore, the AA UK Pension Trustee, through its partnership interest, has 
a first ranking claim against IPCo of £200 million in respect of our brands. There is therefore a risk that if the loan note 
payments are not made to the Scottish limited partnership and the security is enforced, the AA UK Pension Trustee’s 
claim against IPCo for £200 million will rank ahead of other secured claims, including any Class A Notes. 
See “—Risks Relating to Security, Enforcement and Insolvency” and “Summary of the Finance Documents—
Class A IBLAs” for further details. 
Although the Issuer has funds available to it under the Liquidity Facility they may not be sufficient and the Liquidity 
Facility may not be available. 
Under the terms of the CTA, the Obligor must use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that for so long as, inter 
alia, any Class A Notes remain outstanding, each of the Borrower and the Issuer has available a Liquidity Facility 
and/or a liquidity reserve of an aggregate amount equal to its projected interest payments and certain other senior 
expenses in respect of Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding principal payments under any Working Capital 
Facility) including net payments under the Hedging Agreements to which it is a party for the following (prior to a 
Qualifying Public Offering) 18 months and (upon and following a Qualifying Public Offering and subject to a rating 
agency confirmation confirming the then current rating of the Class A Notes) 12 months debt service. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to make drawings under 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement from time to time to cover shortfalls in the amounts available to the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of items 1 to 6 (inclusive but excluding any final payment on any Final Maturity Date and any 
Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination amounts or other unscheduled amounts due and payable pursuant 
to items 6(a) and 6(b)) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. See “Summary of the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents—Issuer Cash Management Agreement—Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments”. 
In the event that one or more of certain events of default by the Issuer is outstanding under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, including non-payment of amounts payable by the Issuer to one or more Liquidity Facility 
Provider(s), such Liquidity Facility Provider(s) may cancel its commitments to make advances to the Issuer. 
The Liquidity Facility Agreement will expire 364 days after the date thereof, although it is renewable subject 
to certain conditions. The Liquidity Facility Providers are not obliged to extend or renew the Liquidity Facility at its 
expiry, but if a Liquidity Facility Provider does not renew or extend the Liquidity Facility on request then the Issuer 
will, subject to certain terms, be required to make a Standby Drawing and place the proceeds of that drawing on deposit 
in the Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
The Liquidity Facility Providers will be entitled to receive interest and repayments of principal on drawings 
made under the Liquidity Facility Agreement in priority to payments to be made to Class A Noteholders (which may 
ultimately reduce the amount available for distribution to Class A Noteholders). Interest under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement is at a rate equal to GBP LIBOR plus a margin of 4.00%, subject to a step up of 0.50% per annum on drawn 
amounts every six months. Step-up amounts are subordinated and a failure to pay the step-up amount will not amount to 
an event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement.

--- Page 83 ---
63 
  
We depend on third parties for the provision of certain services in relation to the Class A Notes, and any failure by 
such third parties to provide those services in accordance with the terms of the relevant contract may adversely affect 
your interests as a holder of the Class A Notes.  
We are party to various contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform certain services in 
relation to, among other things, the Class A Notes. For example, the Liquidity Facility Providers have agreed to provide 
the Liquidity Facility, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider and the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider have 
agreed to provide various corporate services to the Issuer, and the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank and 
the Paying Agents have agreed to provide, among other things, payment, administration and calculation services in 
connection with the Class A Notes. In the event that any relevant third-party fails to perform its obligations in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant contract, holders of the Class A Notes, as well as the Issuer, may have limited 
or no recourse against them and your interests may be adversely affected.  
The expected maturity date of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes is earlier than the respective final maturity date 
of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes. 
Our ability to redeem each Sub-Class of Class A Notes in full on its respective Expected Maturity Date will 
depend on the repayment in full of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance by the Borrower on its Final Maturity 
Date (which will coincide with the Expected Maturity Date of the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Note). This, in 
turn, will depend on many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and financial, 
competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, together with the other risks described in this Base Prospectus. As 
a result, there can be no guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available to repay the corresponding Class A IBLA 
Advance on its Final Maturity Date and consequently redeem each Sub-Class of Class A Notes on its respective 
Expected Maturity Date. 
Accordingly, whilst a failure to repay the Class A IBLA Advance on its Final Maturity Date will result in a 
CTA Event of Default, the Class A Notes will not default at that time and will not default until the earlier of the Class A 
Note Final Maturity Date and a failure to pay interest thereon. 
The Issuer may, over time, issue other Sub-Classes or series of Class A Notes in relation to which the expected 
maturity date of such Class A Notes is earlier that the Expected Maturity Date and/or the Final Maturity date of Class A 
Notes which are already outstanding at that time. 
Modifications, waivers and consents in respect of the Common Documents, the Finance Documents and the Issuer 
Transaction Documents. 
The Obligor Security Trustee may as requested by the Holdco Group Agent by way of a STID Proposal 
designated by the Holdco Group Agent as being in respect of a Discretion Matter, in its sole discretion concur with the 
Holdco Group Agent in making any modification to, giving any consent under, or granting any waiver in respect of any 
breach or proposed breach of any Common Document to which the Obligor Security Trustee is a party or over which it 
has the benefit of the Obligor Security under the Obligor Security Documents, if (i) in its opinion, it is required to 
correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court could reasonably be expected to make a 
rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature, or (ii) such modification, consent or 
waiver is not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The Issuer may also request the Class A Note Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent to 
any event, matter or thing, or grant any waiver in respect of the Issuer Transaction Documents (subject to the STID in 
relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the Issuer Common Documents) 
without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders or (subject to the below) any other Issuer Secured Creditor. 
The Class A Note Trustee may without the consent or sanction of Class A Noteholders and the other Issuer 
Secured Creditors, concur with, or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer or any other relevant 
parties in making (i) any modification to the Class A Conditions or the Issuer Transaction Documents (subject to the 
STID in relation to any Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the Issuer Common 
Documents) or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer Security Trustee holds security if, 
in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, such modification is made to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect 
of which an English court would reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or is of a formal, minor, 
administrative or technical nature, or (ii) any modification (other than in respect of a Class A Basic Terms 
Modification) to the Class A Conditions or any Issuer Transaction Document (subject to the STID in relation to any 
Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the Issuer Common Document) or other document to 
which it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer Security Trustee holds security if the Class A Note Trustee is of the 
opinion that such modification is not materially prejudicial (where “materially prejudicial” means that such 
modification, consent or waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of

--- Page 84 ---
64 
  
principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) to the interests of the 
Class A Noteholders provided that to the extent such modification under (ii) above relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor 
Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent. 
The Class A Note Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Class A 
Note Event of Default, from time to time and at any time but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the 
Class A Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced (where “materially prejudiced” means that such waiver would 
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the 
Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) thereby, waive or authorise (or instruct the Issuer Security 
Trustee to waive or authorise) any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Class A Conditions or any Issuer Transaction Document (subject to the STID in relation to any 
Common Documents and the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the Issuer Common Documents) to which it is a party 
or in respect of which it holds security or determine that any event which would otherwise constitute a Class A Note 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed provided that to the extent 
such event, matter or thing relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured 
Creditors has given its prior written consent. 
Pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed and Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trustee is authorised to 
execute and deliver on behalf of each such Issuer Secured Creditor all documentation required to implement such 
modification. Such execution and delivery by the Class A Note Trustee will bind each of the Issuer Secured Creditors as 
if such documentation had been duly executed by it. 
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Common Documents or 
Issuer Transaction Documents will be favourable to all Class A Noteholders. Such changes may be detrimental to the 
interests of some or all Class A Noteholders, despite the ratings of such Class A Notes being affirmed. 
The conditions of the Class A Notes contain provisions for voting by Class A Noteholders to vote on matters 
affecting their interests generally (other than matters which concern the enforcement of the Obligor Security or 
modifications to the Common Documents, which matters may only be addressed in accordance with the procedures set 
out in the STID as described above). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Class A Noteholders 
including Class A Noteholders who do not vote on the relevant matter and Class A Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Voting by the Class A Noteholders in respect of a STID Proposal. 
The Class A Noteholders exercise their right to vote by “blocking” their Class A Notes in the clearing system 
and delivering irrevocable instructions to the Class A Registrar or the Class A Principal Paying Agent that the votes in 
respect of their Class A Notes are to be cast in a particular way. In respect of modifications, consents and waivers to the 
Common Documents, the Class A Note Trustee (as Secured Creditor Representative) is required to notify the Obligor 
Security Trustee of each vote received by the Class A Registrar or the Class A Principal Paying Agent no later than the 
Business Day on which any vote is received. The STID provides that as soon as the Obligor Security Trustee has 
received sufficient votes from the Obligor Secured Creditors (including the Class A Note Trustee as Secured Creditor 
Representative of the Class A Noteholders) in favour of a consent, modification or waiver of a Common Document, the 
Decision Period will be closed and no further votes will be taken into account by the Obligor Security Trustee. 
Accordingly, unless a Class A Noteholder exercises its right to vote at the beginning of a Decision Period, it is 
possible that a consent, modification or waiver of a Common Document may be approved by the Obligor Secured 
Creditors before such Class A Noteholder has participated in any vote and any consent, modification or waiver of a 
Common Document duly approved by the Obligor Secured Creditors shall be binding on all of the Class A Noteholders. 
There may be conflicts of interest between the holders of the different series of the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be required to have regard to only the interests of the holders of existing Class 
A Notes, and any new Class A Notes issued after the Closing Date as if they formed a single class of Class A Notes 
when exercising his powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions (except in circumstances set out in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed). Class A Noteholders may find their voting powers diluted by the issue of further series of Class A 
Notes. 
Class A Noteholders may have less control over STID Proposals than other Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
In respect of modifications, waivers or consents relating to the provisions of the Common Documents, the 
votes of the Class A Noteholders will be treated as a single class on a pound for pound basis with the other Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors.

--- Page 85 ---
65 
  
The votes of the Class A Noteholders cannot constitute a majority in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter or 
Extraordinary Voting Matter unless the Principal Amount Outstanding under the Class A Notes is sufficiently greater 
than the amounts outstanding under all the other Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities (including the Class A 
Authorised Credit Facilities) to do so.  
This is made more acute by the fact that only the votes of those Class A Noteholders who participate within the 
specified Decision Period will be taken into account in relation to any Ordinary Voting Matter or Extraordinary Voting 
Matter; whereas the entire outstanding principal amount under any Authorised Credit Facility will be counted to both 
the numerator and the denominator in respect of the Quorum Requirement and majority required once the requisite 
minimum quorum and voting requirement has been met in respect of such facility. This right with respect to the other 
Authorised Credit Providers is referred to as a “drag-along right”. It is possible that the interests of certain Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors will not be aligned with the interests of a series or Sub-Class of Class A Noteholders, and it 
is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, by reason of the relative size of Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities that are capable of being voted by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors other than the Issuer and the 
drag-along rights with respect to the other Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities, the Obligor Security Trustee is given 
an instruction which is not in the interests of Class A Noteholders. 
The STID also contains “snooze you lose” provisions with the consequence that Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including, indirectly, the Class A Noteholders) which fail to participate in a vote or fail to assert an Entrenched Right 
within the applicable time period are not counted for the purposes of determining whether voting thresholds have been 
reached and are prevented from later asserting any applicable Entrenched Right respectively. 
Irrespective of the result of voting at a meeting of Class A Noteholders in relation to a proposed STID 
Proposal, any STID Proposal duly approved shall be binding on all of the Class A Noteholders. 
The Issuer is a special purpose company with no independent business operations or assets. 
The Class A Notes will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer is a special purpose company 
with no business operations other than the issue of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the transactions ancillary 
thereto. 
The Class A Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Dealers, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the 
Liquidity Facility Agent, the STF Agent, the STF Lenders, the STF Arrangers, the WCF Arrangers, the WCF Agent, the 
WCF Lenders, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Class A Paying Agents, the Issuer Account Bank, the Borrower Account 
Bank, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Hedge Counterparties, the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties, any of the 
Obligors or any company in the same group of companies as, or affiliated to, the Holdco Group (other than the Issuer 
itself but without prejudice to the Borrower’s obligations to the Issuer under any Class A IBLA). Furthermore, no such 
person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever to Class A Noteholders in respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to pay any amounts due under the Class A Notes. 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Class A Notes will be dependent on (a) the receipt by 
it of funds from the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs, (b) the receipt by it of interest (if any) from monies standing to 
the credit of the Issuer Transaction Account, or otherwise from certain Cash Equivalent Investments made by it or on its 
behalf; and (c) the receipt by it of amounts in accordance with the terms of Issuer Hedging Agreements and related 
back-to-back hedging arrangements in place between the Issuer and the Borrower (if any). 
In the event that the Issuer is unable on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date to pay in full (to the extent 
required to be paid on any such date) items 1 to 6 (inclusive but excluding any final payment on any Final Maturity 
Date and any Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination amounts or other unscheduled amounts due and 
payable pursuant to items 6(a) and 6(b)) specified in the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the Issuer will 
(subject to satisfaction of the conditions for drawing) have available to it funds under the Liquidity Facility. Other than 
the foregoing, the Issuer will not have any other funds available to it to meet its obligations under the Class A Notes 
and/or any other payment obligation ranking in priority to, or equally with, the Class A Notes. 
If the Escrow Release Conditions are not satisfied in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the Issuer will be 
required to redeem the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, which means that you may not obtain the return you 
expect on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, the gross proceeds from the issuance of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes (the 
“Offering”) will be held in a segregated Escrow Account with the Escrow Agent in respect of which security will be 
granted in favour of the Class A Note Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, 
pending the satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, some of which are outside of our control. If the Escrow

--- Page 86 ---
66 
  
Release Conditions have been satisfied, the escrowed funds will be released to the Issuer and utilised to make an 
advance to the Borrower under a new Class A IBLA. In the event that the Escrow Release Conditions are not satisfied 
prior to the Escrow Longstop Date, the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be subject to a special mandatory 
redemption and you may not obtain the return you expect to receive on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. There 
can be no assurance that the Escrow Release Conditions will be satisfied for any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
An investor’s decision to invest in the Class A Notes is made at the time of purchase. Changes in the AA 
Group’s business or financial condition between the closing of the relevant Offering and the Class A Closing Date for 
the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, will have no effect on an investor’s rights as a purchaser of the Class A Notes. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes until the relevant Class A Closing 
Date, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, then from the Issue Date of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes until the relevant Class A Closing 
Date, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors or, indirectly through the 
Issuer, Obligor Senior Secured Creditors. Accordingly, prior to the relevant Class A Closing Date (being the date on 
which the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes become Issuer Secured Creditors and, indirectly through the 
Issuer, Obligor Senior Secured Creditors), the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Creditors or Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors and will therefore not have a right to vote or form part of 
the quorum for the purposes of any decision regarding, inter alia, (a) modifications to be made to any of the Common 
Documents, (b) any decision under the STID to accelerate the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities and/or to enforce any 
of the Obligor Security following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, (c) modifications to be made to any of the 
Issuer Transaction Documents or (d) a decision to accelerate the Class A Notes and/or the enforcement of the Issuer 
Security following a Class A Note Event of Default. Furthermore, prior to the Class A Closing Date, neither the Class A 
Note Trustee nor the Issuer Security Trustee will be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the holders of 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes when acting in connection with, inter alia, any of the matters referred to above.  As a 
result, prior to the relevant Class A Closing Date, the holders of each of the other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes and/or 
the Obligor Senior Secured Creditors may direct the Class A Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee and/or the 
Issuer Security Trustee (as the case may be) to make modifications and/or pursue remedies at a time or in a manner that 
may be disadvantageous to the holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes to which the escrow arrangements apply. See 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” and “Summary of the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge”. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) the 
relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, all obligations of the Issuer to the 
relevant holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the Escrow Secured Property (as 
defined below) 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) 
the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, notwithstanding any other Class A 
Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, all obligations of the Issuer to the relevant 
holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the property, assets and undertakings of the Issuer 
that are the subject of any security created by the Escrow Security Deed of Charge (the “Escrow Secured Property”).  
The Issuer’s obligation is limited in recourse to the Escrow Secured Property and accordingly, if there are 
insufficient amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Escrow Security Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes (including 
payments of principal and interest), then the relevant holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall have no further 
claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid and the Issuer’s obligations shall 
be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
The Class A Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in the Class A Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Class A Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Class A Notes and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus;

--- Page 87 ---
67 
  
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Class A Notes and the impact the Class A Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Class A 
Notes, including Class A Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Class A Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible economic and interest 
rate scenarios and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable 
risks. 
The Class A Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Class A Notes that are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Class A Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Class A Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
In addition, the market value of the Class A Notes may fluctuate for a number of reasons including due to 
prevailing market conditions, current interest rates and the perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Obligors. 
Any perceived threat of insolvency or other financial difficulties of the Obligors could result in a downgrade of ratings 
and/or a decline in market value of the Class A Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to 
what extent Class A Notes are legal investments for it. The Class A Notes can be used as security for indebtedness and 
other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any of the Class A Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Class A Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital requirements and/or decreased liquidity in respect of 
the Class A Notes. 
In the UK, Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-
backed securities industry. This has resulted in numerous measures for increased regulation which are currently at 
various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge to certain 
investors in certain securitisation exposures and/or the incentives for certain investors to invest in securities issued 
under such structures, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.  
Class A Noteholders in any Member State of the EEA and in the UK should consult their own advisers as to 
the consequences to, and effect on, them of the application of Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended) and Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013, as amended (together “CRD”), as implemented by their own regulator, or Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
(as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) and the UK legislation and rules implementing Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended) (as applicable) to their holding of any Class A Notes. The Issuer is not responsible for 
informing Class A Noteholders of the effects of the changes to risk-weighting which will result for investors from the 
adoption of CRD by their own regulator. 
Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel II Framework may affect the capital and/or the liquidity 
requirements associated with a holding of the Class A Notes for certain investors. 
Significant changes to the Basel II framework have been implemented by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel III”), including new capital 
and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards and 
minimum leverage ratio for credit institutions. In particular, the changes included, among other things, new 
requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital requirements for counterparty credit exposures 
arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short term and longer term standards 
for funding liquidity (referred to as the “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” and the “Net Stable Funding Ratio”). The

--- Page 88 ---
68 
  
measures are being implemented in a phased manner. In December 2017, the Basel Committee announced a set of 
amendments to the Basel III package, described by some commentators as “Basel IV”.  These reforms introduce 
significant limitations on the ability of banks to reduce their capital requirements through their calculation of risk 
weighted assets (“RWAs”) using the Internal Ratings Based approach (the “IRB Approach”).  The reforms include 
revisions to the IRB Approach for credit risk, revised minimum capital requirements for market risk, revisions to the 
credit value adjustment risk framework, amendments to the leverage ratio exposure measure and the introduction of a 
leverage ratio buffer for Global Systemically Important Banks (the “G-SIBs”), which will take the form of a Tier 1 
capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk-weighted capital buffer.  The reforms also introduced an aggregate output 
floor, which will ensure that banks’ RWAs generated by internal models used in the IRB approach are no lower than 
72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework’s standardised approaches.  The Basel IV reforms will have 
to be implemented by 1 January 2023, with the exception of the new output floor requirement, which will phased in 
between 1 January 2023 and the end of 2027, becoming fully effective on 1 January 2028. 
Investors in the Class A Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and should not rely 
on the Issuer’s opinion set out above. Investors should consult their own advisors as to the regulatory capital 
requirements in respect of the Class A Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them of any changes to the 
Basel II framework (including the Basel III changes described above) and the relevant implementing measures. No 
predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise; however, any such 
regulatory initiatives could impact our ability to make payments of principal or interest on the Class A Notes.  
The Class A Notes will be new securities for which there is no established trading market. Accordingly, your ability 
to sell the Class A Notes may be limited.  
The Class A Notes are a new issue of securities for which there is currently no trading market. Although an 
application has been made for the Class A Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, we cannot assure you that the Class A Notes will be, or will 
remain, listed thereon. The Dealers may make a market in the Class A Notes as permitted by applicable laws and 
regulations. However, the Dealers are not obligated to make a market in the Class A Notes and they may discontinue 
their market-making activities at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for the Class A Notes, your ability to sell your Class A Notes or the prices at which you 
will be able to sell your Class A Notes. The liquidity of any market for the Class A Notes will depend on a number of 
factors, including:  
 
the number of Class A Noteholders;  
 
the operating performance and financial condition of our Holdco Group;  
 
the market for similar securities;  
 
the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the Class A Notes; and  
 
prevailing market interest rates.  
We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Class A Notes at a particular time or that your Class A 
Notes will be sold at a favourable price, regardless of our prospects and financial performance. Consequently, it is 
possible that you may have to hold your Class A Notes until maturity.  
In addition, the market value of the Class A Notes may fluctuate with changes in prevailing interest rates, 
market perceptions of the risks associated with the Class A Notes, supply and other market conditions. Consequently, 
any sale of Class A Notes by holders thereof in any secondary market which may develop may be at a discount to the 
original purchase price of such Class A Notes.  
Rating Agency assessments, downgrades and changes to Rating Agency criteria may result in ratings volatility on 
the Class A Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by S&P address the likelihood of full and timely payment to the 
Class A Noteholders of all payments of interest due on each Class A Note Interest Payment Date and the full repayment 
of the principal amount of the Class A Notes on or before the relevant Final Maturity Date. There can be no assurance 
that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that such ratings will not be reviewed, revised, suspended 
or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the Rating 
Agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. Furthermore, the credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agency may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Class A Notes. Rating agencies other than the Rating Agency could also seek to 
rate the Class A Notes in the future and, if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable rating assigned to

--- Page 89 ---
69 
  
the Class A Notes by the Rating Agency, such “shadow ratings” could have an adverse effect on the price at which the 
Class A Notes will trade. 
In addition, future events, including events affecting the Holdco Group, could have an adverse effect on the 
rating of the Class A Notes. It should be noted in particular, that if the Class A Notes were to be downgraded lower than 
investment grade before the final maturity date of the Class B Notes in January 2026, the Class B3 Notes would have to 
be refinanced outside of the WBS.  
Where a particular matter (including the determination of material prejudice by the Issuer Security Trustee or 
the Obligor Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee or the Class B Note Trustee) involves the Rating Agency being 
requested to confirm that a proposed action would not result in a downgrade or a credit watch placement, such 
confirmation is given at the sole discretion of the Rating Agency. Depending on the timing of the delivery of the request 
and any relevant information, there is a risk that the Rating Agency will not be able to provide its confirmation in the 
time available or at all. The Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences of any failure to deliver a 
rating confirmation on any particular timescale. 
Confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, 
and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Class A Notes form part since the Closing 
Date. A confirmation of ratings represents only a restatement of the opinions given at the Closing Date and cannot be 
construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction or as confirmation that an event or amendment is in 
the best interest of, or not materially prejudicial to the interests of, the Class A Noteholders. No assurance can be given 
that a requirement to seek a ratings confirmation will not have a subsequent impact upon the business of the Issuer. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
Class A Definitive Notes not having denominations in integral multiples of the minimum authorised denomination 
may have difficulty in trading in the secondary market.  
The Class A Notes have a denomination consisting of a minimum authorised denomination of £100,000 (or 
U.S.$200,000, €100,000 or the equivalent of €100,000 in other currencies) plus higher integral multiples of £1,000. 
Accordingly, it is possible that the Class A Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum authorised 
denomination that are not integral multiples of such denomination. In such a case, if Class A Definitive Notes are 
required to be issued, a holder of Class A Notes who holds a principal amount less than the minimum authorised 
denomination at the relevant time may not receive a Class A Definitive Note in respect of such holding and may need to 
purchase a principal amount of Class A Notes such that their holding amounts to the minimum authorised denomination 
(or another relevant denomination amount). If Class A Definitive Notes are issued, you should be aware that Class A 
Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
The Class A Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the 
relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies with respect to the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Notes will initially be issued in global form and deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream. Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only. Unless and until Class A 
Notes in definitive registered form or definitive registered notes are issued in exchange for book-entry interests (which 
may occur only in very limited circumstances), owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners or holders 
of Class A Notes. The common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the sole registered 
holder of the global notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the relevant 
global notes representing the Class A Notes will be made to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Class A Principal 
Paying Agent (the “Class A Principal Paying Agent”), which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants’ accounts that hold book-entry interests in the global notes 
representing the Class A Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, 
principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest in the 
Class A Notes, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in 
Euroclear or Clearstream, you must rely on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to 
exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Class A Notes under the Class A Note Trust Deed.  
Unlike the holders of the Class A Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have any direct 
rights to act upon any solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Class A Notes. 
Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate 
proxies to do so from Euroclear and Clearstream or, if applicable, from a participant. There can be no assurances that

--- Page 90 ---
70 
  
procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable you to vote on any matters or on a 
timely basis.  
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Class A Notes, unless and until the relevant 
definitive registered Class A Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry interest, 
you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream if you own a book-entry interest. We cannot assure 
you that the procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream will be adequate to ensure the timely 
exercise of rights under the Class A Notes.  
Prepayment of A Class A IBLA Advances may negatively affect the projected yield to maturity of the corresponding 
Class A Notes. 
The yield to maturity of the Class A Notes will depend on, amongst other things, the amount and timing of the 
repayment and prepayment of principal on the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance and the price paid by the Class A 
Noteholders. Such yield may be adversely affected by a higher or lower than anticipated rate of prepayment on the 
applicable Class A IBLA Advance. The rate of prepayment of the applicable Class A IBLA Advance cannot be 
predicted and will be influenced by a wide variety of economic and other factors including, prevailing interest rates, the 
state of the UK economy and the availability of alternative financing. Therefore, no assurance can be given as to the 
level of prepayment that will be experienced. 
Purchase of the Class A Notes by the Class B Noteholders in the event that the Class B Noteholders exercise the 
Class B Call Option may negatively affect the yield to maturity of the Class A Notes. 
Any one or more of the Class B Noteholders shall, following the occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger 
Event, be entitled to purchase all, but not some only, of the Class A Notes and any Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
within the Class B Call Option Period in return for the payment of the Class B Call Option purchase price in 
immediately transferable funds to the existing Class A Noteholders and the relevant Class A Authorised Credit 
Providers. Any such exercise by the Class B Noteholders of the Class B Call Option may impact, inter alia, the yield to 
maturity on the Class A Notes. For further details in relation to the Class B Call Option, please see the section 
“Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge—Class B Call Option” below. This 
section sets out a fuller description of the conditions and circumstances which must be satisfied in order for the Class B 
Noteholders to be able to exercise the Class B Call Option. 
Risks relating to Taxation  
Change of tax law and practice might have an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer or the Obligors. 
The structure of the transaction, the issue of the Class A Notes, the ratings that are to be assigned to them and 
the statements in relation to taxation set out in this Base Prospectus are based on current law and the published practice 
of the relevant authorities in force or applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any changes in such law or practice 
might have an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer or the Obligors and no assurance can be given as to 
the effect of any possible judicial decision or change of law or the administrative practice of any jurisdiction after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Changes in taxation laws may negatively impact us and the decisions of current or potential customers of our 
insurance products. 
Changes in corporate, indirect and other tax rules could have both a prospective and retrospective impact on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations. In general, changes to, or in the interpretation of, existing tax 
laws, or amendments to existing tax rates (corporate or personal), or the introduction of new tax legislation may 
adversely affect us, either directly or as a result of changes in the insurance purchasing decisions of customers. This 
includes changes to interpretations of legislation regarding commission structures, fees and other charges to customers. 
Changes to legislation that specifically governs the taxation of insurance companies might adversely affect our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. While changes in taxation laws would affect the insurance sector 
as a whole, such changes may be more detrimental to particular operators than others. The relative impact on us will 
depend on the areas impacted by the changes and other relevant circumstances at the time of the change. 
We may be liable for certain secondary and joint and several tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Where a company fails to discharge certain tax liabilities due and payable by it within a specified time period, 
UK tax law imposes, in certain circumstances (including where that company has been sold so that it becomes 
controlled by another person), secondary liability for those overdue taxes on other companies that are or have members

--- Page 91 ---
71 
  
of the same group of companies, or are or have been under common control, for tax purposes with the company that has 
not discharged its tax liabilities. 
Under the Tax Deed of Covenant, the Tax Covenantors (on behalf of themselves and each other company 
which any of them controls) represent that no steps have been taken, and covenant that no steps will be taken, by any 
person which would directly, or might reasonably be expected to, upon the occurrence of any subsequent events or the 
subsequent non-payment of any Tax liability, give rise to any secondary tax liability in any member of the Security 
Group (which comprises the Holdco Group plus Topco). In addition and pursuant to the Tax Deed of Covenant, 
AA Limited agrees to compensate or to procure compensation of Security Group companies in respect of any secondary 
tax liabilities caused by any person that is not a Security Group company. If, however, any secondary tax liabilities do 
arise in the Issuer or the Borrower (whether in respect of a primary tax liability of another Security Group company or 
of another company with which the Issuer or the Borrower is or has been grouped or under common control for UK tax 
purposes), and those secondary tax liabilities are not discharged by the Tax Covenantors or any other person, and are of 
significant amounts, the financial condition of the Issuer or the Borrower could be adversely affected. 
The Issuer, the Borrower and the other members of the Holdco Group are members of a VAT Group that also 
includes members of the non-Holdco Group, of which AA Limited is the representative member. As a general matter, 
where companies are treated as members of a VAT Group, any supply of goods or services made by or to any member 
of the group (other than any such supply which is made by or to another member of the group which will be deemed to 
be outside the scope of VAT) is treated as made by or to the representative member of that group. AA Limited (in its 
capacity as the representative member of the VAT Group) is, therefore, the person required to account to HM 
Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) for any VAT chargeable on any supply made by or to any members of the VAT Group 
(to or by any person other than another member of the VAT Group). 
The members of a VAT Group are jointly and severally liable for any VAT due from the representative 
member of the group and remain so liable (in respect of liabilities arising during their period of membership) after 
ceasing to be members of that VAT Group (in respect of the periods for which they were members of the VAT Group 
within the time limits mentioned below). The Tax Covenantors covenant in the Tax Deed of Covenant to procure that 
(a) each member of the AA VAT Group will fully comply with all obligations in respect of VAT imposed upon it and 
(b) upon the breach of certain thresholds in relation to the net VAT liability attributable to supplies made and received 
by members of the VAT Group that are not Security Group companies, application will be made to HMRC to split up 
the VAT Group such that no company that is not a Security Group company is in the same VAT Group as a Security 
Group company. However, members of the Holdco Group would continue to have exposure to VAT liabilities of 
members of the AA Group that arose prior to any such split. Consequently, if payments in respect of the AA  Group 
VAT liabilities that arose prior to the VAT Group being split were not made and were of significant amounts, this could 
adversely affect the Borrower’s ability to make payments of interest and principal under the Class A IBLAs and 
consequently the Issuer’s ability to make payments of interest and principal under the Class A Notes. 
Members of the Holdco Group were until 30 April 2014 members of a VAT Group of which Saga Group 
Limited was the representative member. As such they remain jointly and severally liable for any VAT due from Saga 
Group Limited (as representative member) during the relevant Holdco Group companies’ period of membership of that 
VAT Group. HMRC must raise an assessment for VAT against Saga Group Limited (or any other members of the 
previous VAT Group) within certain time limits which start to run from different points depending on the nature of the 
assessment being raised. The standard time limit is four years but the limit can also be extended to 20 years in certain 
cases, including deliberate inaccuracies. 
We may, under certain circumstances, incur future latent tax charges on any disposal of certain members of the AA 
Group. 
Based on intra-group transactions undertaken to date, we do not believe any material de-grouping charges 
should arise in any member of the Holdco Group upon a sale of the shares in AA Limited, Topco, Holdco or AA 
Acquisition Co Limited, including in the event that the security granted as part of the transactions is enforced through a 
sale of the shares in Holdco or AA Acquisition Co Limited (provided both TAAL and AADL remain (indirect) 
subsidiaries of AA Limited, Topco, Holdco or AA Acquisition Co Limited, as relevant, at the time of the sale). The Tax 
Covenantors undertake, in the Tax Deed of Covenant, that they will, so far as they are able, procure that no steps are 
taken by any person (in each case whether by any act, omission or otherwise), which would directly cause, and no 
transfer of assets will be made by any member of the AA Group to any Security Group company which could in 
consequence of the enforcement of security over the shares in that Security Group company (or the shares in a company 
of which that Security Group company is a direct or indirect subsidiary) cause, any Security Group company to become 
subject to de-grouping charges in respect of chargeable gains, stamp duty land tax, loan relationships, derivative 
contracts or intangible fixed assets. Pursuant to the Tax Deed of Covenant, AA Limited agrees to compensate or to 
procure the compensation of the Security Group companies in respect of any such de-grouping charges. However, 
should any of the Tax Covenantors fail to comply with the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant, our tax position could

--- Page 92 ---
72 
  
be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results or 
operations. 
If certain AA entities fail to comply with shared tax payment arrangements, we could face interest and penalties, 
which could adversely affect our business. 
AA Limited as the nominated company pays sums on account of corporation tax to HMRC on behalf of 
various companies, including members of the Holdco Group, pursuant to a group payment arrangement. The Tax Deed 
of Covenant requires any Security Group company that is covered by such group payment arrangement to make 
payment on account of its corporation tax liability to the nominated company (currently AA Limited) on the terms that 
it may solely be used for the purpose of making a payment of corporation tax on behalf of the relevant Security Group 
company. The Tax Deed of Covenant further requires procurement of payment by AA Limited to a Security Group 
company of amounts equal to any credit against, relief from or repayment of any corporation tax that it receives from 
HMRC on behalf of the Holdco Group. However, if AA Limited does not discharge its liability to pay sums on account 
of corporation tax to HMRC on behalf of any Security Group company or does not pay a Security Group company 
amounts equal to any credit, relief or repayment of any corporation tax that it receives from HMRC on behalf of that 
Security Group company, the Security Group companies could be adversely affected, be subject to interest and penalties 
for late tax payments. 
If we are not adequately compensated or credited for any future tax losses shared with the AA  Group in accordance 
with the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant, our business could be adversely affected. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant allows members of the Security Group to surrender tax losses to members of the 
AA  Group, and for members of the AA  Group to surrender tax losses to members of the Security Group, for payment 
of an amount equal to the tax value of the losses surrendered and requires the procurement of reimbursement of any 
such payment if the surrender proves to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or is reversed. In addition and pursuant to 
the Tax Deed of Covenant, AA Limited agrees to compensate or to procure compensation of the Security Group 
companies in respect of any tax liabilities caused if such a surrender proves to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or 
is reversed. If, however, Security Group companies make payments for surrenders made to them and any surrenders 
prove to be to any extent invalid or ineffective or are reversed and the Security Group companies are not repaid or 
indemnified in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant, the Security Group companies could be adversely affected. 
The Borrower’s UK tax position may change which may adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to repay the 
Class A IBLAs and, as a result, the ability of the Issuer to repay the Class A Notes. 
There can be no assurance that UK tax law and practice will not change in a manner (including, for example, 
an increase in the rate of corporation tax) that would adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to repay amounts of 
principal and interest under the relevant Class A IBLA. Similarly, UK tax law and practice can be subject to differing 
interpretations, and the Borrower’s interpretation of the relevant tax law as applied to their transactions and activities 
may not coincide with that of HMRC. As a result, transactions of the Borrower may be challenged by HMRC and any 
profits of the Borrower from its activities in the UK may be assessed to additional tax, which may adversely affect the 
ability of the Borrower to repay amounts of principal and interest under the relevant Class A IBLA. If, in turn, the 
Issuer does not receive all amounts due from the Borrower under the relevant Class A IBLA, the Issuer may not have 
sufficient funds to meet its payment obligations under the Class A Notes or any other payment obligations ranking in 
priority to, or equally with, the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may redeem the Class A Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in tax law. 
All payments made under the Class A Notes can be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any UK income tax; provided that they are and continue to be officially listed in Ireland in accordance with 
provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA States and are admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
In respect of the Class A Notes, in the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is 
required to be made from payments due under the Class A Notes, neither the Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent nor any 
other person will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to Class A Noteholders or, if Class A Definitive Notes are 
issued, Class A Couponholders, or otherwise to compensate Class A Noteholders or Class A Couponholders (as the 
case may be) for the reduction in the amounts they will receive as a result of such withholding or deduction. 
If, as a result of a change in tax law, a withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of payments 
of principal or interest or other amounts due and payable under the Class A Notes, the Issuer will have the option (but 
not the obligation) of redeeming all (but not some only) of the outstanding Class A Notes in full at the Principal 
Amount Outstanding together with accrued but unpaid interest. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Class A Note

--- Page 93 ---
73 
  
Trustee, Class A Noteholders or Class A Couponholders will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem the Class A 
Notes in these circumstances. 
See “Tax Considerations—United Kingdom Taxation” for further discussion of withholding tax in respect of 
the Class A Notes.   
The payments on a Class A IBLA may be subject to withholding tax, which may result in a prepayment of that Class 
A IBLA, and, as a result, an early redemption of the Class A Notes, or may also impact the Borrower’s ability to 
repay the Class A IBLA Advance in full, and, as a result, the Issuer’s ability to repay the Class A Notes in full. 
The Borrower will be entitled to make payments of interest to the Issuer under the Class A IBLA without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of UK income tax if and for so long as the Issuer is and continues to be a 
person who is entitled to receive such payments gross of such a deduction or withholding. The Issuer has been advised 
that it currently is entitled to receive such payments gross of deduction or withholding for or on account of any UK tax. 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is required to be made from any 
payment due to the Issuer under the Class A IBLA, the amount of that payment will be increased so that, after such 
withholding or deduction has been made, the Issuer will receive a cash amount equal to the amount that it would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required to be made. 
If, as a result of a change in tax law, the Borrower is obliged to increase any sum payable by it to the Issuer as 
a result of the Borrower being required to make a withholding or deduction from that payment under the Class A IBLA, 
the Borrower will have the option (but not the obligation) to prepay all relevant outstanding advances made under the 
Class A IBLA in full. If the Borrower chooses to prepay the advances made under the Class A IBLA, the Issuer will 
then be required to redeem the Class A Notes. Such a redemption would be for a redemption price calculated in 
accordance with Class A Condition 7 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation”). If the Borrower does not have sufficient funds to enable it to either repay the Class A IBLA or to make 
increased payments to the Issuer, the Issuer’s ability to make timely payments of interest and principal under the Class 
A Notes could be adversely affected. 
Withholding tax in respect of the Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement may result in the 
termination of the Hedging Agreements. 
The Issuer and the members of the Holdco Group believe that all payments made under the Hedging 
Agreements or the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements can be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any UK tax. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required to be made from any payment due under a 
Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement by a Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty (as applicable), the amount to be paid will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after any 
such withholding or deduction has been made, the amount received by the Holdco Group or the Issuer (as applicable) is 
equal to the amount that that party would have received had such withholding or deduction not been required to be 
made. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required to be made from any payment due under a 
Hedging Agreement or an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement by the Issuer or by a member of the Holdco Group, as 
applicable, the Issuer or such member of the Holdco Group will make payment subject to that withholding or deduction 
but will not be required to pay any additional amount to any Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty 
(as applicable) in respect thereof. If a Hedge Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is obliged to pay an 
increased amount as a result of its being obliged to make such a withholding or deduction or if the Issuer or a member 
of the Holdco Group makes a payment to it subject to such a withholding or deduction, the Hedge Counterparty or OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) may terminate the transactions under the relevant Hedging Agreement or 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, subject to the Hedge Counterparty’s or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty’s 
obligation to use its reasonable efforts to transfer its rights and obligations under that Hedging Agreement or OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement to another of its offices or affiliates such that payments made by and to that other office or 
affiliate under that Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement can be made without any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of tax. 
If the Issuer were to cease to qualify as a securitisation company, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s UK 
tax position, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make timely payment of interest and principal under 
the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer is incorporated in Jersey and resident for tax purposes in the UK and has been advised that it is a 
“securitisation company” for the purposes of the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 
2006/3296). Accordingly, the Issuer should be subject to corporation tax in the UK on its “retained profit” only, in 
accordance with the special regime for securitisation companies as provided for by those regulations.

--- Page 94 ---
74 
  
If the Issuer were to cease to qualify as a securitisation company for the purposes of those regulations, its 
profits or losses for tax purposes might be different from its cash position and there might be a risk of the Issuer 
incurring unfunded tax liabilities. In addition, interest paid on the Class A Notes could be disallowed for United 
Kingdom corporation tax purposes, which could cause a significant divergence between the cash profits and the taxable 
profits in the Issuer. Any unforeseen taxable profits in the Issuer could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make 
timely payment of interest and principal under the Class A Notes. If the Issuer ceases to be a “securitisation company” 
as a result of a change in tax law, the Issuer will have an option (but not the obligation) of redeeming all of the affected 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes in full. 
Recent changes in tax law arising from the OECD's Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ("BEPS") project might have 
an adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer or the Obligors, and may result in early redemption of the 
Class A Notes. 
On 5 October 2015, the OECD published final recommendations for new, or amendments to existing, tax laws 
arising from its BEPS project (the “OECD proposals”). The OECD proposals include recommendations as to best 
practice concerning limits on the deductibility of interest expense for corporate tax payers, based on certain ratios of net 
interest expenditure to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. 
On 16 November 2017, as part of the UK government's implementation of the OECD proposals, the Finance 
(No 2) Act 2017 was enacted and introduced new restrictions on interest deductions based on Action 4 of the OECD 
proposals. Broadly, under these rules, there is a cap on interest deductions by means of a fixed ratio rule based on 30 
per cent. of a group's UK tax-related EBITDA, and an elective worldwide group ratio rule which will enable certain 
groups to deduct interest that would otherwise be disallowed under the fixed ratio rule. Furthermore, any tax relief for 
interest deductions which is capped under either the fixed ratio rule or the worldwide group ratio rule, may be subject to 
further reduction by the application of a modified debt cap which operates by reference to the relevant group's net 
financing expenses. 
These rules, which took effect on 1 April 2017, may have an effect on the ability of the AA Group to claim 
deductions for all or part of its interest expenses, which may, for example, have an adverse effect on the financial 
position of the Borrower and on the Borrower’s ability to repay amounts of principal and interest under the Class A 
IBLAs or under the Class A IBLAs. If, in turn, the Issuer does not receive all amounts due from the Borrower under the 
Class A IBLAs, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to enable it to meet its payment obligations under the Class A 
Notes. Whilst the AA Group has not been materially impacted as a result of the implementation of these rules as of 
31 January 2021, future material restrictions may apply if non-UK profits increase significantly. 
Significant changes to the UK’s relationship with the EU, including tax integration, may have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
A significant amount of EU law is currently embedded in UK tax law rules based on including the EU-wide 
system of VAT. The UK is no longer a member of the EU customs union after the implementation of the EU-UK Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement. Changes to the UK taxation system, customs arrangements, financial services regulation 
or to other rules deriving from EU law which are currently retained in UK law as a result of Brexit could have a 
material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For more detail, see 
“—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the 
UK economy (including as a result of COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.” above.

--- Page 95 ---
75 
  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The Issuer is a special purpose company and was formed on 14 May 2013 for the purpose of issuing the 
Class A Notes and Class B Notes and lending the proceeds thereof to the Borrower. The Issuer has not engaged in any 
activities other than those related to its formation and the issuance and redemption of Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
and certain ancillary arrangements. 
Unless otherwise indicated, this Base Prospectus presents the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Holdco as at and for each of the years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021, which have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(“IASB”) as adopted for use by the European Union (“IFRS”), and audited by Holdco’s independent auditors, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as set forth in their audit report incorporated by reference herein. With regard to the 
consolidated historical financial, operating and other data presented in “Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial, 
Operating, and Other Data”, “Selected Consolidated Financial Data”, as well as in this section “Presentation of 
Financial Information”, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “Holdco” or “Holdco Group” are to Holdco and its 
subsidiaries, including the Issuer. 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 2021, and 
the consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at and for the years ended 31 January 2020 and 2021, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below. 
Certain Differences between Holdco and AA Limited Financial Statements 
The consolidated results of Holdco and its subsidiaries (the “Holdco Group”) have differed from those of AA 
Limited and its subsidiaries (the “AA Group”) during each of the periods under review as a result of certain assets and 
liabilities of AA Limited, Topco and certain other subsidiaries of AA Limited which are included in the consolidated 
financial statements of the AA Group but excluded from those of the Holdco Group. Among other things, (a) the 
financial results of the entities currently engaged in insurance underwriting (including AA Underwriting Insurance 
Company Limited and AA Reinsurance Company Limited (which was sold on 21 May 2020)) and (b) certain 
administrative costs that only relate to entities outside the Holdco Group, are included in the consolidated financial 
statements of AA Limited but excluded from those of Holdco. 
The following is a summary of certain material differences between the results of the Holdco Group and the 
AA Group for the years ended 31 January 2020 and 2021, all of which related to the consolidated assets and liabilities: 
Year ended 31 January 2020 
 
Net intercompany balances were £1,166 million lower for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group. 
As AA Limited is the ultimate holding company in the AA Group it therefore has no intercompany 
balances. 
 
Cash balances were £57 million higher for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group Regulatory 
Capital requirements for AA Limited’s insurance underwriting companies and cash held by AA 
Limited for working capital of the insurance underwriting companies and other strategic 
requirements. 
 
Borrowings and loans were £29 million higher for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group. This is 
due to the purchase of the Class B2 Notes by AA Limited. 
 
Additional working capital and provision balances are held at AA Limited level for the AA Group’s 
Insurance Underwriting activities.  These include £5 million for prepayments, £67 million for 
reinsurers’ share of insurance liabilities, £14 million for trade payables, £6 million for deferred 
income, £10 million for other payables, £46 million of provisions for unearned premiums and £43 
million of insurance technical provisions. 
Year ended 31 January 2021 
 
Net intercompany balances were £1,162 million lower for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group. 
As AA Limited is the ultimate holding company in the AA Group it therefore has no intercompany 
balances. 
 
Cash balances were £66 million higher for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group reflecting 
Regulatory Capital requirements for AA Limited’s insurance underwriting companies and cash held 
by AA Limited for working capital of the insurance underwriting companies and other strategic 
requirements.

--- Page 96 ---
76 
  
 
Borrowings and loans were £29 million higher for the AA Group than for the Holdco Group. This is 
due to the purchase of the Class B2 Notes by AA Limited. 
 
Additional working capital and provision balances are held at AA Limited level for the AA Group’s 
Insurance Underwriting activities.  These include £86 million for reinsurers’ share of insurance 
liabilities, £19 million for trade payables, £12 million for other payables, £62 million of provisions for 
unearned premiums and £47 million of insurance technical provisions. 
In each of the periods there were some immaterial differences between the Revenue and Trading EBITDA of 
the Holdco Group and the AA Group, but the trading performance of the companies was substantially comparable 
excluding the insurance underwriting segment that is not in the Holdco Group and a small amount of head office costs 
which are incurred by AA Limited directly. 
Factors Affecting the Presentation of Financial Information 
Certain changes in our business have resulted in changes in the presentation of our financial information, as 
described below. 
Except as otherwise indicated, financial information for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 2021 
are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 January 2021.  
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
We present in this Base Prospectus various financial measures of the Holdco Group that are not measures of 
financial performance or liquidity under IFRS, including the following. 
(i) 
Trading EBITDA, which we define as profit after tax as reported, adjusted for depreciation, 
amortisation, adjusting operating items, share-based payments, pension service charge adjustments, 
net finance costs, contingent consideration remeasurement movements and tax expense. The pension 
service charge adjustment relates to the difference between the cash contributions to the pension 
scheme for ongoing contributions and the calculated annual service cost. Share-based payments 
charges result from grants under the long term incentive schemes for staff and management. We 
present Trading EBITDA on both a segmental and a consolidated basis. See “Note 1—Basis of 
Preparation”, “Note 2—Segmental Information” and “Note 3—Adjusted Performance Measures” to 
our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021, included 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Trading EBITDA as presented in this Base Prospectus differs from 
the definition of EBITDA contained in “Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes – Definitions” 
and Glossary”. 
(ii) 
Trading EBITDA margin, which we define as Trading EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. 
(iii) 
Net cash flow from operating activities before tax and adjusting operating items, which we define as 
the cash generated from operating activities before taxation and adjusting operating items and 
excluding discontinued operations, as reported in the most recent publicly available financial 
statements. 
(iv) 
Free cash flow, which we define as net cash flow before payment of dividends, bond buy-backs and 
refinancing costs. 
(v) 
Cash conversion, which we define as net cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditure, 
expressed as a percentage of Trading EBITDA. 
See “Selected Consolidated Financial, Operating and Other Data”. 
The non-GAAP financial measures presented herein are not recognised measures of financial performance 
under IFRS, but measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of our business and operations. 
A number of such measures are also included due to the fact that they are an operative part of the documentation 
structure that sits behind the WBS, in the manner described in this Base Prospectus. In particular, the non-GAAP 
financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for net profit/(loss) for the period, profit/(loss) before taxation, 
operating income, cash and cash equivalents at period end or other income statement or cash flow items computed in 
accordance with IFRS. The non-GAAP financial measures do not necessarily indicate whether cash flow will be 
sufficient or available to meet our cash requirements and may not be indicative of our historical operating results, nor 
are such measures meant to be predictive of our future results.

--- Page 97 ---
77 
  
We have presented these non-GAAP measures in this Base Prospectus because we consider them to be 
important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are used by investors comparing 
performance between companies. In the case of those measures which form part of the underlying operative 
documentation relating to the WBS, we believe they are helpful to investors to show the Holdco Group’s compliance 
with its financing arrangements. Since not all companies compute these or other non-GAAP financial measures in the 
same way, the manner in which our management has chosen to compute the non-GAAP financial measures presented 
herein may not be comparable with similarly defined terms used by other companies. The non-GAAP financial 
measures have certain limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation from the other financial 
information presented herein. Some of these limitations are: 
(i) 
they do not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual 
commitments; 
(ii) 
they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
(iii) 
they do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary, to service 
interest or principal payments on our debts; 
(iv) 
although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and 
amortised will often need to be replaced in the future; and 
(v) 
the fact that other companies in our industry may calculate the non-GAAP measures differently from 
the way we do may limit their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
Rounding 
Certain numerical information and other amounts and percentages presented in this Base Prospectus may not 
sum due to rounding. Accordingly, certain figures in this Base Prospectus have been rounded to the nearest whole 
number. 
Certain Terms Used 
For definitions of certain terms used in this Base Prospectus, as well as a glossary of other terms used in this 
Base Prospectus, see the “Glossary”.

--- Page 98 ---
78 
  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the Central Bank of 
Ireland, are incorporated by reference in and form a part of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Bond%20Co%20Limite
d%20financial%20statements%2031.01.21.pdf?id=e3784109-7c50-449c-854d-32fadbd41457. 
(b) 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 January 2020. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Bond%20Co%20Limite
d%20financial%20statements%2031.01.20.pdf?id=a7a09beb-9f54-4204-a9f1-915e4f1b1703. 
(c) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021 
contained in pages 25 through 99 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the 
year ended 31 January 2021. A link to these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Intermediate%20Co%2
0Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.21.pdf?id=4d96f2f0-f127-4ebc-a8ef-978ac43fa338. 
(d) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at and for the year ended 31 January 2020 
contained in pages 37 through 102 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the 
year ended 31 January 2020. A link to these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Intermediate%20Co%2
0Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.20.pdf?id=2087a9b3-c4f7-423b-acad-72e30191bc60.  
(e) 
The audited financial statements of the Borrower as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021. A link 
to these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Senior%20Co%20Limit
ed%20financial%20statements%2031.01.21.pdf?id=dbc52097-176d-4700-adbf-bb14335c5e82. 
(f) 
The audited financial statements of the Borrower as at and for the year ended 31 January 2020. A link 
to these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/AA%20Senior%20Co%20Limit
ed%20financial%20statements%2031.01.20.pdf?id=c79082d1-ea54-4d3a-a8af-28f430ed1d24.  
(g) 
The audited financial statements of AADL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Automobile%20Association%2
0Developments%20Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.21.pdf?id=2b5b5a47-ffc5-4702-
807d-a15662e96c04. 
(h) 
The audited financial statements of AADL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2020. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Automobile%20Association%2
0Developments%20Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.20.pdf?id=645dec56-b2fb-48da-
b1d7-ad5566d3100e.  
(i) 
The audited financial statements of AAISL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2021. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Automobile%20Association%2
0Insurance%20Services%20Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.21.pdf?id=8280eba9-
c5bc-44a3-a3fd-1f6d46e58748. 
(j) 
The audited financial statements of AAISL as at and for the year ended 31 January 2020. A link to 
these financial statements is available at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Automobile%20Association%2
0Insurance%20Services%20Limited%20financial%20statements%2031.01.20.pdf?id=787d10c4-
88c9-4977-90af-3b7125ae22d7.  
(k) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2013, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-

--- Page 99 ---
79 
  
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c6a30a00-
be48-4875-a239-f75709d166dc.PDF. 
(l) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 17 November 2016, as from time to 
time supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_2d770669-375a-4ffe-bf7b-c42951cd885e.PDF. 
(m) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 2 July 2018, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_35747e5f-
baf7-4ed4-9d23-83b87c67921e.PDF. 
(n) 
The Terms and Conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 21 January 2020, as from time to time 
supplemented, relating to the Programme. A link to this base prospectus is available at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f9f41c96-
c89b-4fb8-bd09-f1276358b631.PDF. 
The information contained in (i) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year ended 31 
January 2021, and (ii) the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Holdco for the year ended 31 January 2020, 
which has not been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, is either not relevant to investors in the Class A 
Notes or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
80 
  
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL, OPERATING AND OTHER DATA 
The following tables set forth selected consolidated historical financial and other data of the Holdco Group as 
of and for the periods indicated. 
The selected consolidated historical financial data of Holdco as at and for each of the two financial years 
ended 31 January 2020 and 2021 have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as at 
and for each of the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 2021, as prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
We present below certain non-GAAP measures and ratios, including Trading EBITDA and Trading EBITDA 
margin that are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. Our management believes that the presentation 
of these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors because these and other similar measures are used by certain 
investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. 
However, you should not consider these non-GAAP measures as an alternative to net income determined in accordance 
with IFRS or to cash flows from operations, investing activities or financing activities. In addition, Trading EBITDA 
and Trading EBITDA margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
The results of operations for prior periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any 
other period. The selected consolidated data should be read in conjunction with “Business” as well as the audited 
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and 
discussed in “Presentation of Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations.” 
Selected Income Statement Data 
 
Year ended 31 January  
 
2020(1) 
2021 
(audited)
(£ in millions) 
Revenue.............................................................................................
965 
927 
Cost of sales......................................................................................
(380) 
(352) 
Gross profit...................................................................................... 
585 
575 
Administrative and marketing expense .............................................
(332)
(358)
Operating profit .............................................................................. 
253 
217 
Trading EBITDA ............................................................................ 
341 
322 
Share-based payments.......................................................................
(4)
(4)
Contingent consideration remeasurement gain..................................
9
-
Pension service charge adjustment....................................................
(4)
(5)
Amortisation and depreciation ..........................................................
(85) 
(92) 
Operating profit before adjusting items........................................ 
257
221
Adjusting operating items .................................................................
(4)
(4)
Operating profit .............................................................................. 
253 
217 
Finance costs.....................................................................................
(155)
(171)
Finance income .................................................................................
1 
3 
Profit before tax .............................................................................. 
99 
49 
Tax expense ......................................................................................
(19) 
(9) 
Profit for the year............................................................................ 
80 
40 
 
(1) 
Revenue, gross profit, operating profit, profit before tax and profit for the year ended 31 January 2020 have been restated to correct a prior 
year error.  Deferred income in respect of certain roadside assistance policies had been understated in the opening and closing statement of 
financial position for the year ended 31 January 2020.

--- Page 101 ---
81 
  
 
Selected Balance Sheet Data 
At 31 January  
2020(1) 
2021 
(audited) 
(£ in millions) 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets..................................................
1,350
1,348
Property, plant and equipment............................................................
52
52
Right-of-use assets .............................................................................
65
52
Investments in joint ventures and associates ......................................
5
5
Financial assets at amortised cost.......................................................
4
4
Deferred tax assets .............................................................................
9 
17 
1,485 
1,478 
Current assets 
Inventories..........................................................................................
4
4
Trade and other receivables................................................................
182
213
Proceeds of Class B3 Notes issuance held in escrow.........................
-
280
Amounts owed by parent undertakings(2)...........................................
1,214
1,233
Cash and cash equivalents..................................................................
94 
119 
1,494 
1,849 
Assets classified as held for sale ........................................................
8 
- 
Total assets........................................................................................ 
2,987 
3,327 
Current liabilities 
Trade and other payables....................................................................
(423)
(444)
Current tax payable ............................................................................
(48)
(71)
Amounts owing to parent undertakings(3)...........................................
(6)
-
Borrowings and loans.........................................................................
(200)
(637)
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
-
(1)
Lease liabilities ..................................................................................
(23)
(18)
Provisions...........................................................................................
(5) 
(5) 
(705) 
(1,176) 
Non-current liabilities 
Borrowings and loans.........................................................................
(2,535)
(2,383)
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
(2)
(1)
Lease liabilities ..................................................................................
(40)
(31)
Defined benefit pension scheme liabilities.........................................
(162)
(188)
Provisions...........................................................................................
(6) 
(7) 
(2,745) 
(2,610) 
 
 
Total liabilities.................................................................................. 
(3,450) 
(3,786) 
Net liabilities..................................................................................... 
(463) 
(459) 
 
Equity 
Cashflow hedge reserve .....................................................................
(2)
(1)
Retained earnings...............................................................................
(461) 
(458) 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the parent.............. 
(463) 
(459) 
 
(1) 
Trade and other payables, current tax payable and retained earnings as at 31 January 2020 have been restated to correct a prior year error.  
See Note (1) above (“—Selected Income Statement Data”). 
(2) 
Amounts owed by parent undertakings represent the net amount of balances owed by companies within the AA Group but outside of the 
Holdco Group, to the Holdco Group. As at 31 January 2021, individual entities within the AA Group but outside of the Holdco Group 
owed £1,233 million (31 January 2020: £1,214 million) to the Holdco Group. 
(3) 
Amounts owing to parent undertakings represent the net amount of balances owed by companies within the Holdco Group to AA Group 
companies that are not part of the Holdco Group. As at 31 January 2021 individual entities within the Holdco Group owed £nil (31 
January 2020: £6 million) to AA Group companies that are not part of the Holdco Group.

--- Page 102 ---
82 
  
Selected Cash Flow Statement Data 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
(audited) 
(£ in millions) 
Net cash flows from operating activities before tax .............................
327
277
Tax paid ...............................................................................................
(10) 
(14) 
 
Net cash flows from operating activities...........................................  
317 
263 
 
Investing activities 
 
 
Capital expenditure ..............................................................................
(65)
(62)
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets........................................................
6
1
Payment for acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired ................
(8)
(1)
Investment in joint venture...................................................................
-
(1)
Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, net of cash sold.............................
- 
(1) 
 
Net cash flows used in investing activities ........................................  
(67) 
(64) 
 
Financing activities 
Proceeds from borrowings ...................................................................
15
525
Issue costs on borrowings ....................................................................
-
(8)
Debt repayment premium and penalties...............................................
-
(6)
Repayment of borrowings....................................................................
(18) 
(525) 
Refinancing transactions ......................................................................
(3)
(14)
Interest paid on borrowings..................................................................
(130)
(138)
Payment of lease capital.......................................................................
(31)
(27)
Payment of lease interest......................................................................
(4)
(3)
 
 
Net cash flows from financing activities ...........................................  
(168) 
(182) 
 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents........................................  
82
17
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period ....................
20 
102 
 
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations..................  
102 
119 
 
 
Selected Other Financial Data 
 
Year ended 31 January  
 
2020 
2021 
(£ in millions, except percentages) 
Revenue(1) ............................................................................................
965
927
Trading EBITDA(2) ..............................................................................
341
322
Trading EBITDA for covenant reporting.............................................
338
319
Trading EBITDA margin (in %)(3) .......................................................
35
35
Net cash flow from continuing operating activities before tax and 
adjusting operating items(4) ...............................................................
336
281
Cash conversion (%)(5) .........................................................................
99
87
Capital expenditure ..............................................................................
(65)
(62)
Working capital and provisions movement..........................................
21
(18)
Total Net Debt(6)...................................................................................
2,728
2,697
Total Net Debt for covenants(7) ............................................................
2,704
2,675
Total Class A Net Debt(8) .....................................................................
2,095
2,078
Financial ratios(9) 
Total Net Debt for covenants to EBITDA for covenants ratio(10).........
8.0x
8.4x
Total Class A Net Debt to EBITDA ratio(11)........................................
6.2x
6.5x
Class A Free Cash Flow to Debt Service coverage ratio(12)..................
3.4x
2.5x
 
(1) 
The comparatives for the year ended 31 January 2020 have been restated to correct a prior year error. See Note (1) above (“—Selected 
Income Statement Data”). 
(2) 
We define Trading EBITDA as profit after tax on a continuing basis as reported, adjusted for depreciation, amortisation, adjusting 
operating items, share-based payments, pension service charge adjustments, net finance costs, contingent consideration remeasurement 
movements and tax expense. The pension service charge adjustment principally relates to the difference between the cash contributions to 
the pension scheme for ongoing service and the calculated annual service cost. Share-based payments charges result from grants under the

--- Page 103 ---
83 
  
long-term incentive schemes for staff and management. Trading EBITDA as presented in this Base Prospectus differs from the definition 
of EBITDA contained in the Glossary. The reconciliation of profit to Trading EBITDA is set forth below. 
(3) 
We define Trading EBITDA margin as Trading EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue. 
(4) 
We define net cash flow from continuing operating activities before tax and adjusting operating items as the cash generated from 
continuing operating activities before taxation and cashflows from adjusting  items as reported in the most recent publicly available 
financial statements. The reconciliation of operating profit to net cash flow from operating activities before tax and adjusting operating 
items is set forth below. 
(5) 
We define cash conversion as net cash flow from continuing operating activities before tax and adjusting operating items as a percentage 
of Trading EBITDA. 
(6) 
Total Net Debt is used herein as defined in “Glossary” and represents the principal amounts outstanding under the Senior Term Facility, 
the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility (to the extent drawn), the Class A IBLAs, the Class B IBLAs and lease obligations, 
less cash and cash equivalents and excluding hedging activities as per our consolidated financial statements. 
(7) 
Total Net Debt for covenants is Total Net Debt excluding the difference between finance lease obligations (as calculated for covenant 
reporting under the Finance Documents based on IFRS prior to the adoption of IFRS 16 from 1 February 2019) and lease liabilities (as 
shown in the balance sheet of our consolidated financial statements after the adoption of IFRS 16 from 1 February 2019). 
(8) 
Total Class A Net Debt is used herein as defined in “Glossary” and represents the principal amounts outstanding under the Senior Term 
Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility (to the extent drawn) and the Class A IBLAs, less cash and cash equivalents 
and excluding hedging liabilities. The calculation of Total Class A Net Debt is, therefore, not affected by the adoption of IFRS 16 from 1 
February 2019. 
(9) 
Our financial ratios are based on financial information for the last twelve months ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020. Such 
financial information has been extracted from the consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 January 2021, derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 January 2021 or our accounting records or management 
reporting.  Financial information for the year ended 31 January 2020 has been extracted from the comparatives of the consolidated 
financial information for the year ended 31 January 2021, derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 January 2021 or our accounting records or management reporting. Such financial information is not necessarily representative of 
our results of operations for such period or any future period or any financial position at any past or future date. 
(10) 
The Total Net Debt for covenants to EBITDA ratio is the ratio of Total Net Debt for covenants to Trading EBITDA for covenant reporting 
for the last twelve months as reported, expressed as a multiple. 
(11) 
The Total Class A Net Debt to EBITDA ratio is the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt to Trading EBITDA for covenant reporting for the last 
twelve months as reported, expressed as a multiple. 
(12) 
Ratio of free cash flow to proforma debt service relating to the Senior Term Facility and Class A Notes. 
 
Reconciliation of Profit to Trading EBITDA 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
(audited) 
(£ in millions) 
Trading EBITDA(1) ............................................................................  
341 
322 
Share-based payments..........................................................................
(4)
(4)
Contingent consideration remeasurement gain.....................................
9
-
Pension service charge adjustment.......................................................
(4)
(5)
Amortisation and depreciation .............................................................
(85) 
(92) 
Operating profit before adjusting operational items.......................  
257 
221 
Adjusting operational items .................................................................
(4)
(4)
Operating profit .................................................................................  
253
217
Finance costs........................................................................................
(155)
(171)
Finance income ....................................................................................
1 
3 
Profit before tax .................................................................................  
99 
49 
Tax expense .........................................................................................
(19) 
(9) 
Profit for the year...............................................................................  
80 
40 
 
(1) 
The comparative for Trading EBITDA has been restated to correct a prior year error. See Note (1) above (“—Selected Income Statement 
Data”).

--- Page 104 ---
84 
  
Reconciliation of operating profit to net cash flow from continuing operating activities before tax and adjusting 
operating items 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
 
(audited)
(£ in millions) 
Operating profit from continuing activities(1).......................................
253
217
Amortisation and depreciation .............................................................
85
92
Other adjustments(2) .............................................................................
(10)
5
Difference between pension charge and cash contributions.................
(22)
(19)
Change in working capital and provisions(1) ........................................
21 
(18) 
Net cash flow from operating activities before tax .........................  
327 
277 
Add back cashflows from adjusting items............................................
9 
4 
Cashflow from continuing operating activities before tax and 
adjusting operating items...............................................................  
336 
281 
 
(1) 
The comparatives for operating profit and change in working capital and provisions have been restated to correct a prior year error. See 
Note (1) above (“—Selected Income Statement Data”).  
(2) 
Other adjustments include equity settled share-based payments, loss on sale of fixed assets and credit on remeasurement of contingent 
consideration. 
 
Selected Revenue by Historical Segment Data 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
(audited)
(£ in millions) 
Roadside(1)............................................................................................
827
799
Insurance..............................................................................................
138 
128 
 
 
 
Total Revenue.....................................................................................  
965 
927 
 
(1) 
The comparative for Roadside revenue has been restated to correct a prior year error. See Note (1) above (“—Selected Income Statement 
Data”).  
 
Selected Trading EBITDA by Historical Segment Data 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
(audited) 
(£ in millions) 
Roadside(1)............................................................................................
285
282
Insurance..............................................................................................
56
40
 
 
Total Trading EBITDA .....................................................................  
341 
322 
 
(1) 
The comparative for Roadside Trading EBITDA has been restated to correct a prior year error. See Note (1) above (“—Selected Income 
Statement Data”).   
Selected Operational Data 
We use several key operating measures, including number of Roadside paid personal members, number of 
Roadside business customers, breakdowns attended, average income from paid personal members, average income per 
business customer, and insurance policy numbers in force, to track the financial and operating performance of our 
business. None of these terms are measures of financial performance under IFRS, nor have these measures been audited 
or reviewed by an auditor, consultant or expert. All these measures are derived from our internal operating and financial 
systems. As defined by our management, these terms may not be directly comparable to similar terms used by 
competitors or other companies.

--- Page 105 ---
85 
  
The following table sets forth our key operating measures as of and for the periods indicated. 
Year ended 31 January  
2020 
2021 
(in thousands, except as otherwise indicated) 
Roadside  
Paid personal members(1)......................................................................
3,215
3,168
Business customers(2)............................................................................
9,049
8,702
Breakdowns attended (millions)...........................................................
3.42
3.01
Average income per paid personal member(3).......................................
£165 
£163 
Average income per business customer(4).............................................
£22
£23
Insurance  
Policy numbers in force(5).....................................................................
1,713
1,941
Average income per policy(6)................................................................
£68
£59
 
(1) 
Number of paid personal members represents the number of Roadside personal members (excluding free members) on the specified date. 
(2) 
Number of business customers represents the number of Roadside business customer holdings on the specified date. 
(3) 
The basis for calculating the average income per paid member was revised in 2021 to reflect the average income earned from the paid 
membership base over the last 12 months as a proportion of the average paid personal membership holdings as opposed to the closing paid 
membership holdings on which it was previously calculated. Under the new basis, the average income per paid member fell in the year 
ended 31 January 2021 by £2 to £163 (2020: £165), and under the old basis, the average income per paid member was flat at £164 (2020: 
£164). The reduction in 2021 under the new basis was principally due to the impact of COVID-19 on new business volumes during the 
first half of the year ended 31 January 2021, as well as the impact of lower European Breakdown Cover revenues. The average income per 
paid member was also impacted by the continued strong performance of cross-sell channels, including the Insurance business, which are 
typically transacted at a lower average revenue. 
(4) 
Average income per business customer represents the average income generated from a Roadside business customer, which is calculated 
by dividing (i) revenue generated over the prior 12 month period from Roadside business customers by (ii) the total number of business 
customers on the specified date. 
(5) 
Policy numbers in force represents the total number of Motor and Home insurance policies in force, sold by our broker, for the prior 12 
month period and excludes Financial Services. 
(6) 
Average income per insurance policy is calculated by dividing (i) revenue from Motor and Home insurance policies from the prior 12 
month period by (ii) the total number of Motor and Home policies in force, on the specified date.

--- Page 106 ---
86 
  
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets forth the consolidated cash and cash equivalents and the capitalisation of Holdco, on a 
historical basis, derived from Holdco’s audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 January 2021, which were 
prepared in accordance with IFRS and are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
You should read this table in conjunction with “Use of Proceeds”, “Selected Consolidated Financial, 
Operating and Other Data”, “Summary of the Common Documents”, “Summary of the Finance Documents”, “Summary 
of the Credit and Liquidity Support Documents”, “Description of Other Indebtedness” and the consolidated financial 
statements and the accompanying notes of Holdco appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Except as set forth 
below, there have been no other material changes to the capitalisation of Holdco since 31 January 2021. 
Capitalisation 
As of 31 January 
2021 
(£ in millions) 
Cash at bank and in hand(1) ...............................................................................................................  
119
Financial debt 
Senior Term Facility(2)..........................................................................................................................
200
Working Capital Facility(3)...................................................................................................................
-
Liquidity Facility(4)...............................................................................................................................
-
Class A Notes(5)....................................................................................................................................
1,997
Class B Notes(6)....................................................................................................................................
850
Lease liabilities(7)..................................................................................................................................
49
Less: proceeds of Class B3 Notes issuance held in escrow(8) ...............................................................  
(280)
Total Debt 
2,697
Capital and Reserves 
Called up share capital .........................................................................................................................  
-
Total capital employed .......................................................................................................................  
-
Total capitalisation(9) ..........................................................................................................................  
2,697
 
(1) 
Cash at bank and in hand includes no restricted cash.  
(2) 
On 26 February 2021, the Holdco Group entered into a new £150 million Senior Term Facility (which became effective on 10 March 2021 
(after the Accounting Period)) which it drew down immediately and used, in combination with £50 million of cash, to refinance its 
existing £200 million Senior Term Facility. See description of “Summary of the Finance Documents - Senior Term Facility Agreement”. 
(3) 
On 26 February 2021, the Holdco Group agreed a new £56 million Working Capital Facility (which became effective on 10 March 2021 
(after the Accounting Period)), of which £46 million is available for cash drawings and remains undrawn, and cancelled its existing 
Working Capital Facility of £60 million. See description of “Summary of the Finance Documents - Working Capital Facility Agreement”. 
(4) 
On 26 February 2021, the Holdco Group agreed a new £160 million Liquidity Facility (which became effective on 10 March 2021 (after 
the Accounting Period)) which remains undrawn, and cancelled its existing Liquidity Facility of £165 million. See description of 
“Summary of the Credit and Liquidity Support Documents - Liquidity Facility Agreement”. 
(5) 
As at 31 January 2021 there were in issue: (i) £500 million 6.27% Sub-Class A2 Notes with an expected maturity date of 31 July 2025; 
(ii) £372 million 2.88% Sub-Class A5 Notes with an expected maturity date of 31 January 2022; (iii) £250 million 2.75% Sub-Class A6 
Notes with an expected maturity date of 31 July 2023; (iii) £550 million 4.88% Sub-Class A7 Notes with an expected maturity date of 
31 July 2024; and (iv) £325 million 5.50% Sub-Class A8 Notes with an expected maturity date of 31 July 2027.  
(6) 
On 29 January 2021, the Holdco Group issued £280 million 6.50% Class B3 Notes with an expected maturity date of 31 January 2026. On 
10 March 2021, the Holdco Group refinanced the £570 million outstanding Class B2 Notes using £261 million cash injected as new equity 
from the Consortium, the £280 million proceeds from the issuance of the Class B3 Notes which were released from escrow and the 
cancellation of £29 million Class B2 Notes held directly by AA Limited. There was no premium paid on repayment of the Class B2 Notes. 
(7) 
Represents the total amounts outstanding under lease obligations as at 31 January 2021, which includes amounts due in connection with 
commercial vehicles, plant and machinery, calculated on the basis of IFRS as in effect at that time, including with regard to the adoption 
of IFRS 16. The Holdco Group adopted IFRS 16 on 1 February 2019 and makes its covenant calculation on a pre-IFRS 16 basis. Lease 
obligations for covenant calculation purposes and therefore excluding the impact of IFRS 16 were £27 million as at 31 January 2021. 
(8) 
Represents £280 million aggregate principal amount of Class B3 Notes, which as at 31 January 2021 was held in an escrow account 
pending satisfaction of escrow release conditions. On 10 March 2021, the escrow release conditions were satisfied and the proceeds were 
released and the Issuer used the gross proceeds to advance funds to the Borrower pursuant to the Class B3 Loan under the Class B3 IBLA. 
The Borrower applied the proceeds of the Class B3 Loan (together with the proceeds from the Class B2 Equity Contribution) to prepay all 
amounts outstanding under the Class B2 IBLA and redeem in full the Class B2 Notes. 
(9) 
Total capitalisation is calculated as total financial debt plus total equity attributable to equity holders of the parent.

--- Page 107 ---
87 
  
BUSINESS 
In this section titled “Business”, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, the “AA”, or the “AA  Group” refer to 
AA Limited and its subsidiaries as a whole (the “AA Group”) as we manage our business operations by reference to 
the AA Group as a whole and not just the Holdco Group. See “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
Overview 
The AA is the largest roadside assistance provider in the UK, representing approximately 40% of the consumer 
market as of January 2021, approximately 60% of the manufacturer segment as of January 2021, approximately 60% of 
the UK’s largest fleet and leasing companies as of January 2021, approximately 50% of the Added Value Account 
segment as of January 2021, approximately 10% of breakdown assistance provided through insurance policies as of 
September 2020 and a greater share of the high value market than all other providers combined. During the year ended 
31 January 2021, the AA responded to an average of approximately 8,000 breakdowns a day. With more than 116 years 
of operating history, the AA is one of the most widely recognised and trusted brands in the UK. In addition, we have 
successfully leveraged this brand to become a leading provider of insurance broking services and driving services. 
We have a strong and diversified customer base, including approximately 11.9 million paid personal members 
and business customers as at 31 January 2021. 
Our business strategy is intended to deliver targeted investment in our people, our products, our systems and 
our operations. The objectives are: (i) innovate and grow Roadside; (ii) accelerate growth in Insurance; (iii) deliver 
operational and service excellence; and (iv) nurture a high-performance culture. For further details, see “—Our 
Strategic Objectives”, below. In line with this strategy, our products and services are split into two core segments, 
Roadside and Insurance. The Roadside segment consists of our B2C, B2B and Driving Services divisions. The 
Insurance segment consists of the Insurance Broker, the Financial Services partnership with the Bank of Ireland and AA 
Cars. 
In the year ended 31 January 2021, the Holdco Group generated revenue of £927 million and Trading EBITDA 
of £322 million, representing a Trading EBITDA margin of 35% (compared to £965 million and £341 million, 
respectively, in the year ended 31 January 2020, which represented a Trading EBITDA margin of 35%). 
Our Strengths 
Highly resilient and recurring revenues with strong cash flow generation  
The performance over the last three years ended 31 January 2019, 2020 and 2021 demonstrates the resilience 
of the business despite the uncertain economic outlook and reflects the investments that have been made to support our 
long-term growth. The below table sets out the performance of the Holdco Group for each of the years ended 
31 January 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
 
Year ended 
31 January 
(£ in millions, except where otherwise indicated) 
2019(1) 
2020 
2021 
Revenue .......................................................................................................................
960
965
927
Trading EBITDA(2)......................................................................................................
337
341
322
Net cash flow from operating activities before tax and adjusting operating items(3)....
289
336
281
Free cash flow(4)...........................................................................................................
4
85
31
Cash conversion(5)........................................................................................................
51%
74%
62%
 
(1) 
For the financial year ended 31 January 2020, the Holdco Group adopted IFRS 16 “Leases”, which replaced IAS 17 “Leases”. The Holdco 
Group has not restated comparative information for prior periods, as permitted under the specific transition provisions in the standard. The 
reclassifications and adjustments arising from the new leasing rules are therefore recognised in the opening statement of financial position 
on 1 February 2019. Therefore, the financial information presented for the year ended 31 January 2019 may not be comparable to the 
financial information presented for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021. 
(2) 
Trading EBITDA is stated as reported in our historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
(3) 
Excludes discontinued operations and adjusting operational items. 
(4) 
Free cash flow is defined as net cash before payment of dividends, bond buy-backs and refinancing costs. 
(5) 
Cash conversion is defined as net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditure, as a percentage of Trading EBITDA. 
A large proportion of our revenue comes from repeat business, including renewing personal members, 
multi-year business roadside assistance contracts, insurance policy holders, contracts for driver training and education 
programmes and driving school franchisees. This high level of recurring revenue provides us with predictable cash

--- Page 108 ---
88 
  
generation that supports investment in the business and ongoing deleveraging. Further, in spite of volatility in new car 
registrations, the UK car parc has demonstrated resilient growth through various economic cycles, growing at CAGR 
1.7% over the period 1994-2019, which supports a stable membership base. 
The Holdco Group has consistently delivered positive free cash flow in the three years ended 31 January 2019, 
2020 and 2021. This results from the majority of our personal members paying for services in advance while the 
majority of our suppliers are paid after the provision of goods and services. 
One of the most highly regarded and trusted consumer brands in the UK  
The AA is one of the most widely recognised and trusted consumer brands in the UK. With approximately 
2,500 branded patrol vehicles on the road (as at 31 January 2021) and with further visibility generated by our Driving 
School business and AA Signs, the AA brand is highly visible and regarded, with stronger performance than our 
competitors on all key brand metrics, according to a third-party industry source. 
Customer engagement with our roadside assistance patrols is high given personal members on average use the 
AA once every two years. Our reputation for service excellence is evident through the high levels of satisfaction 
indicated by independent surveys. In June 2020, we were awarded top of the table as a “Which? Recommended 
Provider” for our third-party breakdown cover for the third year running and we were the breakdown service provider 
for the top six manufacturer brands for the second year running. In November 2019, we were named as the UK’s most 
reliable breakdown cover provider by What Car? for 2019, our second successive award by What Car? These awards 
are a strong validation of our business model and the outstanding customer service we consistently provide to our 
personal members and business customers. 
We are the leader in the stable UK roadside assistance market  
We are the largest roadside assistance provider in the UK with 3.168 million paid personal members and 
8.7 million business customers as at 31 January 2021, covering approximately 32 million UK drivers. This represented 
approximately 40% of the consumer roadside assistance market as at 31 January 2021, a significantly larger share than 
the next largest roadside assistance provider, the RAC. We have approximately 2,500 patrols providing roadside 
assistance. This market demonstrated resilience throughout the 2008 financial crisis and is presently demonstrating the 
same resilience in the current uncertain environment resulting from the outbreak of COVID-19 as customers recognise 
and value the benefit of roadside assistance cover. 
High levels of retention and loyalty in our personal membership base 
Average personal member retention (percentage of customers who remain with us after 12 months) was 78% at 
31 January 2021. Personal members demonstrate loyalty to the brand with an average tenure of approximately 12 years 
and retention rates increase with membership tenure. Approximately 38% of our annual paid personal members have 
been with the AA for more than 10 years, of which approximately 62% have been paid personal members for more than 
20 years. Our long customer tenure and high retention rates show that our customers show strong brand loyalty to the 
AA. 
Difficult to replicate business in the mature and concentrated roadside assistance market 
The roadside assistance market in the UK is a mature and concentrated market. The three primary market 
participants are the AA, the RAC and Green Flag, which together accounted for approximately 79% of the combined 
consumer market as at September 2020. We believe that the substantial resources and scale required to operate an 
efficient national roadside service with competitive technical ability, combined with high start-up costs for new market 
entrants, makes our business model difficult to replicate. The following factors strengthen our position in that market: 
 
the strength of the AA brand established over a 116-year operating history has fostered high levels of 
loyalty among our customer base and has contributed to our high customer retention rates and leading 
market share; 
 
our national coverage and the economies of scale which we achieve through approximately 2,500 
patrols, as at 31 January 2021, allow us to reach our customers quickly and to provide a high quality, 
award-winning service; 
 
our sophisticated deployment processes and delivery systems have been specifically developed by the 
AA over years of operational experience and would be difficult and expensive to replicate; 
 
being a business partner of choice for roadside assistance with leading market share who focuses on 
nurturing long-term relationships and developing new strategic partnerships while utilising our 
proprietary data, scale, service excellence and technical expertise; and

--- Page 109 ---
89 
  
 
innovative digital capabilities enabling delivery of excellent customer experience and improving 
operational efficiency. 
Experienced and dedicated workforce and strong management team 
We have a highly skilled and experienced workforce and are selective in hiring automotive technicians who, 
once appointed as patrols, receive additional training and support and are subject to ongoing evaluation. We believe that 
the excellent quality of our workforce contributes to our high roadside repair rates, which in turn contribute to customer 
retention. 
We have a highly effective management team with decades of collective experience at the AA. As a result of 
the Acquisition, we are now well placed to leverage the deep wealth of experience that TowerBrook and Warburg 
Pincus have in partnering with management teams to drive and sustain value. 
Our Strategic Objectives 
Our strategy puts service, innovation and data at the heart of the AA. The key focus of the strategy is to 
develop a range of products and services to support driver needs and to make these available to customers through 
simple, intuitive digital channels. We aim to make these services available to all UK drivers as we move towards our 
vision—making Britain’s driving life simpler and smarter. This will enable us to innovate and grow our Roadside 
business and accelerate growth in our Insurance business. 
This strategy is intended to deliver targeted investment in our people, our products, our systems and our 
operations and address the challenges we face. The objectives of our strategy are to: (i) innovate and grow Roadside; 
(ii) accelerate growth in Insurance; (iii) further optimise our operations to deliver operational and service excellence; 
and (iv) nurture a high-performance culture. 
Our aim is to deliver significant benefits for our customers, while creating long-term sustainable value for our 
stakeholders by: 
1. 
Increasing our addressable market: As we expand our product and service offering, we see our addressable 
market grow to cover all of Britain’s drivers. 
2. 
Expanding the awareness of our products: Our marketing strategy will be centred on making Britain’s 
driving life better and will increasingly span the breadth of our product and service offering. 
3. 
Keeping customers for longer: Through our user-friendly digital interface, we will be able to engage more 
regularly and effectively with customers while offering a better overall experience. 
4. 
Reducing our cost of customer acquisition: As customers buy more products from us, our acquisition costs 
will go down thereby helping us to deliver significant operational and cost efficiencies. 
5. 
Optimising the cost to service our customers: We believe that our ongoing digital and self-service options 
should lead to a reduction in costs for us whilst also delivering better experiences for our customers. 
The Acquisition has already enabled us to undertake significant deleveraging, as illustrated by our Class B 
Notes transaction in March 2021, and we will be able to work towards further deleveraging and rebalancing our capital 
structure over the long term. The expected cash savings that this will generate will enable us to accelerate our plans for 
long term growth. 
We believe that we are making significant progress on our strategic plan and are building operational 
momentum across the AA, through strategic partnerships, the development of technology-led innovations such as Smart 
Breakdown, Smart Care, Accident Assist and improvements in our digital reporting and diagnostic capabilities. We 
believe these efforts will differentiate the AA, help our customers in their daily driving lives, improve our operational 
efficiency and generate additional revenue streams from both within and outside our current core membership base. 
Return Roadside Members to Growth 
Our strategy builds on the strong foundation of our Roadside business, in particular our strong service ethos 
and commitment to delivering outstanding customer service for our members and customers 24/7, 365 days a year. 
Recognising the changes facing the automotive sector including the Government’s proposal to bring forward the 
electrification of the UK car parc, we have adopted a multi-faceted approach to innovating and growing our roadside 
business which will help to build on our market leading position and establish a clear point of differentiation from our 
competitors.

--- Page 110 ---
90 
  
Roadside initiatives  
1 
Connected Breakdown Strategy 
We are well positioned to play a central role in shaping the way the market reacts to emerging trends, such as 
connected car, electric and hybrid vehicle growth and changing ownership models. We believe these trends present 
opportunities for the AA, and we are ensuring we are progressing our connected car development. Our implementation 
strategy will mean that we are not simply layering digital propositions onto our organisation, but actively embedding it 
deeply into our product set and operations. Our aim with the connected car offering is to provide real benefits for 
customers as well as reducing costs. The AA’s prognostic expertise and new products is expected to enable us to move 
from reacting to breakdowns to predicting, preventing and protecting customers against them. 
2 
Ongoing innovation to strengthen our brand and differentiate our products and services 
We are also innovating in other areas of our operations, such as with regard to electric vehicles (EVs), which 
are expected to make up most of the new car sales in the UK from 2035. We have taken steps to improve our EV 
capabilities, by training and equipping our patrols and technicians appropriately for working on and recovering EVs. 
We have also recently developed a high-speed freewheeling hub, a novel solution to the issue of the towing of 
vehicles that normally cannot be towed on two wheels, such as vehicles with seized brakes, failed wheel bearings, four-
wheel drives or EVs. This feature is now being used by more than 900 patrols and will be rolled out to all patrols in the 
coming months. The use of the freewheeling hub has led to shorter waiting times and reduced CO2 emissions for 
breakdown recoveries, as AA vans can now be used to tow more cars, freeing up large recovery trucks for complex 
breakdowns involving heavier or more damaged vehicles. The freewheeling hub works in conjunction with the AA’s 
Multi-Fit wheel and new heavy-duty Multi-Fit wheel for larger vehicles, enabling patrols to fit temporary spare wheels 
to almost any vehicle. It also has its own heavy-duty high-speed bearing, which allows the wheel to turn independently 
from the car. 
We are also adapting other aspects of our operations for EVs. For example, we aim to provide a EV owner-
friendly user experience and interface, and to use our platforms to increase awareness of EV-ownership and dispel 
common misconceptions about EVs. 
We will continue to invest in innovating and developing our pipeline of differentiated products and services to 
meet customer needs while maintaining a firm focus on cost management and return on investment. 
3 
Growing our base with new segments 
In addition to our traditional 50-year old plus personal member demographic, we continue to look to diversify 
our member base to new segments including younger audiences who, while heavily car reliant, are less aware of the 
importance and value of high quality breakdown cover and the range of products and services that the AA can provide 
in supporting a broad range of driver needs. 
The AA is a long-standing and purposeful British brand and our response at the start of the COVID-19 
outbreak was to act in the way that a true market leader acts—step up at a time when the UK needed us most. Under the 
internal mantra of #ProudToKeepBritainMoving, we were one of a handful of advertisers to get behind the very first 
Channel 4 #ClapForOurCarers ad-break, supported ambulance services across the UK, gave NHS staff free breakdown 
cover and waived driving instructor fees, among other things. 
Our marketing campaign ‘That Feeling’, which we launched in July 2020, has been positively received both 
internally and externally. The campaign was our most effective to date and contributed to improvements at every stage 
of the customer journey from consideration to purchase. The campaign is a useful stepping stone to allow us to act more 
confidently in our communications while broadening our approach to take the business forwards with multiple product 
offerings and an ever-changing UK audience. 
Our future marketing strategy will be centered on making Britain’s drivers’ lives simpler and smarter and will 
increasingly span the breadth of our offering.  Beyond marketing we are continuing to expand our base of new segments 
through our non-member insurance channel and strategic B2B partnerships like Admiral and Nationwide. 
4 
Digital adoption and innovation to drive broader member engagement 
The ability to report a breakdown digitally, via either our website or mobile app, helps to improve the 
experience for our members by giving them greater choice of how they communicate with us, saving them time, making 
our service even more accessible and helping us to improve our operational efficiency.

--- Page 111 ---
91 
  
We have made good progress with developing our digital channels in 2021, which continue to perform in line 
with expectations. A key highlight of the year ending 31 January 2021 was the improvement to self-serve journeys, 
including online renewal capability for our roadside and insurance customers, which has significantly enhanced our 
customer’s digital experience. Of note, the improvements to our insurance digital journeys have received external 
recognition and we were pleased to have won a gold award for Best Digital Customer Experience at the Insurance 
Times Awards 2020.   
Our digital breakdown reporting channels continue to perform well, and this capability has been expanded to 
our 2.2 million Lloyds Bank customers, who are now able to report a breakdown via our mobile application or online. 
They are also able to log in via these channels to view the details of their cover.  We plan to continue to roll out this 
functionality to other customer groups throughout the financial year 2022, in order to further reduce our cost to serve 
and improve our customer service. 
Looking ahead, we are planning to launch significant enhancements to our customer experience through the 
development of our digital journeys including the app, which will enable additional self-service and cross sell 
capabilities, therefore increasing revenue per customer and reducing our cost base. We will also continue to extend and 
roll out digital journeys to our B2B customers. 
5 
Targeted investments in our membership systems to drive retention 
We are making steady progress building our fit for the future tech estate, including continuing to build out 
CATHIE, our membership system. We plan to continue with the migration of existing policies, with an implementation 
programme that minimises the risk of this transition to our members and business. The investments we have made and 
will continue to make in marketing and pricing capabilities, as well as our online offerings including our app will give 
us important capabilities to improve retention performance, grow our membership base as well as drive cost reduction. 
Continue growth in Insurance 
The AA’s Insurance business is at the core of the membership proposition we are developing, and we have a 
significant opportunity to continue to accelerate growth of this business. We believe that with further investment in both 
our broker’s pricing agility and the AA Group’s in-house underwriter, we can accelerate that growth further. The 
initiatives in place to achieve this are as follows: 
 
Broaden footprint by targeting new customers who have never been members of the AA; 
 
Develop more competitive pricing through greater agility from investment in IHP and improved 
customer analytics; and 
 
Integrate digital and connected car products and data across businesses to provide a leading customer 
offering through its simplicity and as a one-stop-shop for motoring needs. 
The ongoing improvements in our customer journey are helping to deliver consistent and healthy cross-sell 
conversions into our Roadside business. In addition, we believe there is a strong potential for further growing our 
membership base via under-penetrated age groups. We intend to build on our brand consideration, which is the highest 
in motor insurance and to improve pricing agility through growing and improving the valuable data and analytics 
collected through Smart Breakdown technology. 
Accident Assist, our recently launched in-house claims management proposition, is performing well, and, 
following the implementation of a new claims handling platform from ICE InsureTech and the consolidation of all our 
claims operations into Royal Tunbridge Wells during the first half of the year ending 31 January 2021, we are starting 
to see positive momentum building. We successfully completed the roll-out of this new capability across our motor 
insurance panel members ahead of schedule and in December we were pleased to expand this service to our Roadside 
members which is a key differentiator for our roadside business and a great opportunity in our ambitious plan to 
become the natural ‘first call’ after an accident. 
Further optimise our operations to deliver operational and service excellence 
Our ability to deliver best-in-class customer service is dependent on our operational efficiency and the 
resilience of our operational base. The targeted investments that we have made in our people and technology since 2018 
have enabled the business to build a solid foundation from which to deliver consistently high levels of customer service. 
This in turn helps to nurture brand loyalty and provides us with a platform from which we can continue to grow our 
customer base. In June 2020, we were pleased to have achieved the top place for third party breakdown cover in an 
assessment by independent consumer champion Which?. This was the third year running where we were top of the 
table. We were also the breakdown service provider for the top six manufacturer brands for the second year running.

--- Page 112 ---
92 
  
This is a strong validation of our business model and the outstanding customer service delivery we provide to all our 
personal members and business customers. 
To ensure we strike the optimal balance between the right level of front-line resourcing and flexibility in our 
cost base to redeploy resources during quieter periods, we have introduced more flexible working arrangements for our 
roadside assistance patrols. New initiatives have included looking to utilise our patrols’ experience to broaden our 
technical services business by working on new revenue channels, such as on vehicle recalls for OEMs and supporting 
the London Ambulance Services during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
We have also made several key senior hires while reorganising and simplifying our management structure and 
reporting lines across our operational base, to promote greater transparency and collaboration. We have implemented 
several operational initiatives while maintaining strict cost discipline, including improvements to our business and 
planning process to drive greater focus on value creation and cost structure. For example, we have also recently 
implemented a new feature, Contact Centre as a Service (“CCaaS”), a new telephony system which provides phone, 
recording and workforce planning for the AA Group, which provides greater flexibility and opportunities for new 
customer focused features (including digital integration).  In order to mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we executed a 
number of short-term measures to defer and reduce our operating costs so as to preserve cash flow and protect 
profitability, while delivering the operational and service excellence our customers expect from us. Looking toward the 
longer term, we expect that the growth of our digital reporting capabilities, increased mobile app penetration and our 
Smart Breakdown proposition will help deliver further operational cost efficiencies across our business and drive 
further improvement in our service delivery levels. 
Nurture a high-performance culture 
Our people are key to delivering for our customers and to achieving business success. Our aim is to ensure that 
all our employees are motivated and engaged, with clear focus and purpose, and have the support they need to do their 
jobs. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, women represented 32% of our workforce. We are now focusing on 
cross-team working, involving all our employees and sharing their ideas to help improve our business. We are working 
hard to increase opportunities for development and career progression across the AA and ensuring that we promote a 
culture of recognition and support, especially for our customer-facing teams. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy 
Our external ESG strategy is headlined ‘cleaner, safer, smarter’. This is a strategy that we have developed to 
support our extensive campaigning work on behalf of Britain’s drivers. Internally, we put the health, safety, security 
and wellbeing of our colleagues, customers and the public first in everything we do, alongside our efforts to manage our 
environmental impact, prepare for a changing customer car parc and govern our business ethically and responsibly. This 
dual strategy runs through our operations, business units and campaigning work. Our core strategies allow us to 
continue to assume a leading role in tackling safety, innovation, mobility and environmental issues. 
Cleaner and Environment 
We acknowledge our responsibility and the vital role we can play in addressing our impact on climate change. 
More than ever, we are committed to driving climate action within the fields we can directly influence but also to lead 
the wider market. We have taken actions to reduce our own carbon footprint. In 2020, these have included the 
purchasing of 100% renewable electricity for our sites, as well as the further development of our ‘remote fix’ strategy 
that was implemented in order to reduce the fuel consumption of our fleet. We also seek to influence Government, 
decision-makers and the driving public on steps that can be taken to mitigate the climate crisis. We have supported the 
introduction of ‘green’ number plates to identify electric and zero emission vehicles and encourage their take-up. In 
addition, we often poll our customers on issues such as accelerating the rollout of EVs and ensure that the results are 
communicated to Government and other relevant stakeholders. 
Safer and Social 
Our key focus remains to ensure that we operate safely in a manner that protects our customers, colleagues and 
the public. This has involved us leading on a national campaign for significant improvement in the safety standards on 
smart motorways. Our broader social remit also means working with suppliers who share our values and supporting 
local charities around our UK offices. We have further rolled out a scheme together with the University of Bristol that 
helps teenage care leavers learn to drive, which improves both their job prospects and self-esteem. We have also 
recently refreshed our diversity and inclusion strategy, targeting six key communities to fully embrace the diversity of 
our employees and enable an inclusive working environment.

--- Page 113 ---
93 
  
Smarter and Governance 
Good corporate governance is important as it covers everything from how we listen to our customers and 
people, to the way we run our company. We have rolled out a new Code of Conduct and have fully implemented the 
Senior Managers and Certification Regime. We have also improved our training in areas such as anti-bribery and 
corruption, whistleblowing, information security and data protection. The feedback platforms that we have developed 
allow us to listen to our customers. AA Yonder Poll is the biggest dedicated motoring panel in Europe; it allows 
thousands of drivers each month to influence our policies. 
Our History 
The AA was formed in 1905 by a group of motoring enthusiasts in London. The official duties of the first AA 
patrols were to indicate dangers on the road and help motorists who had broken down. 
By 1909 the patrols, who by that time had begun to wear uniforms, were recognised across England and 
Scotland. In the early years, agents and repairers, appointed by the AA, assisted drivers in identifying journey routes 
and began inspecting and classifying hotels. Following the First World War, the patrol service began to use motorcycles 
equipped with tools, spare parts and fuel in making roadside repairs. 
By 1939, the AA had 725,000 policyholders (“personal members”) who subscribed for roadside assistance 
cover through membership agreements; this was equivalent to 35% of the two million cars then on the road. By 1950, 
the AA had reached the milestone of one million personal members. 
The AA launched its Insurance Services business in 1967, enabling motorists to take insurance cover from an 
organisation with which they were familiar and that they could trust. 
During the 1970s and 1980s, the AA introduced four-wheeled patrol vehicles and guaranteed transport of 
broken-down vehicles and their drivers to their final destination. It also began to develop business-to-business 
relationships, whereby its roadside assistance service would be offered to the customers of car manufacturers, fleet and 
leasing companies and financial service providers as a complementary service. 
The AA began offering its own non-insurance, financial services products in 1980. These were extended to 
include savings accounts, unsecured loans, credit cards and life insurance policies. 
The AA driving school was launched in 1992. 
In 1999, AA members voted to demutualise and join the Centrica Group. 
In October 2004, the AA was acquired from Centrica by the private equity groups CVC and the Permira 
Funds. In 2007 it was brought under common ownership with Saga (which was owned by private equity group 
Charterhouse) through the Acromas Group. Until June 2014, the AA operated as a subsidiary of the parent company 
Acromas. 
The AA launched its Home Emergency Services operations in 2010. On 29 November 2017, the AA 
announced the sale of its Home Emergency Services consumer policy book to HomeServe, which remains in line with 
the AA’s strategic focus on Roadside and Insurance announced in February 2018. 
On 26 June 2014, the ordinary share capital of AA plc was admitted to the standard listing segment of the 
Official List of the UK Listing Authority and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (the 
“IPO”). On 28 January 2015, the listing category of all of AA plc’s ordinary shares was transferred from the standard 
listing segment to the premium listing segment of the Official List of the UK Listing Authority. 
In July 2015, we relaunched our Financial Services business in partnership with the Bank of Ireland and in 
January 2016, the AA Group launched its own in-house insurance underwriter. 
On 11 August 2016, we completed the sale of AA Ireland, our Irish business. 
On 1 October 2017, the company assumed control of AA Cars, an online used car sales platform, for a 
consideration of £26 million. On 1 March 2018, the AA completed the purchase of the entire share capital of AA Cars. 
On 29 November 2017, the AA announced the sale of its Home Emergency Services consumer policy book to 
HomeServe. The sale was completed in January 2018. 
On 1 February 2019, we completed the purchase of the entire share capital of AA Prestige, a technology-led 
supplier of service, maintenance and repair services to fleet and leasing companies.

--- Page 114 ---
94 
  
On 29 March 2019, we completed the sale of 51% of the share capital of AA Media Limited, which produces 
atlases, maps and travel guides and manages a hotels rating business and a merchandising portfolio, to Enthuse Group 
as part of a joint venture partnership. AA Media Limited will continue to use the AA brand under a brand licensing 
agreement. 
On 21 May 2020, we completed the sale of 100% of the share capital of AA Underwriting Limited and 
Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited, which were our two authorised insurance underwriting 
companies in the UK. At the time of sale, these companies had no live policies and were in run-off. 
On 9 March 2021, the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of AA plc was acquired by Bidco by 
means of a scheme of arrangement. See “—The Acquisition”. 
The Acquisition 
On 25 November 2020, we announced that our board of directors had reached agreement on the terms of a 
recommended cash acquisition by Bidco, a newly formed joint venture company indirectly owned in equal shares by 
(i) funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates (the “TowerBrook Funds”) and (ii) private equity funds managed by 
Warburg Pincus or its affiliates (the “Warburg Pincus Funds”, and together with the TowerBrook Funds, the 
“Consortium”) of the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of AA plc (the “Acquisition”). The 
Acquisition was effected by means of a scheme of arrangement (the “Scheme”). On 8 March 2021, the relevant court 
sanctioned the Scheme to effect the Acquisition and the Scheme became effective on 9 March 2021.   
The cash consideration payable under the Acquisition was financed by funds invested indirectly in equal parts 
by the TowerBrook Funds and the Warburg Pincus Funds. 
Following completion of the Acquisition, AA plc delisted from the London Stock Exchange on 10 March 2021 
and was re-registered as a private limited company (AA Limited) on 17 March 2021. 
As part of the Acquisition, the Consortium stated that it was their intention to delever the Class A debt incurred 
by the Holdco Group.  Accordingly, in the last quarter of 2021, Bidco intends to inject £100 million of cash into the 
Holdco Group which will be applied to repay the Class A5 IBLA and in turn to redeem in full the £372 million of Sub-
Class A5 Notes on or before their Expected Maturity Date on 31 January 2022. 
Bidco intends to work with our management to complete its evaluation of the business and establish its 
strategic plans going forward and undertake a thorough evaluation of the strategy, operations and organisational 
structure of the AA, considering both the short-term and long-term objectives of the business. This evaluation, which is 
expected to last up to twelve months after the Acquisition, is expected to focus on: 
 
reviewing the strategy of the AA  Group and each of our business units, markets, customers and 
product offerings, particularly in light of an evolving regulatory landscape in which we operate; 
 
identifying existing and new growth and development opportunities to drive additional profitable 
growth; 
 
a full evaluation of the ongoing digital and technological transformation of our business, and the 
significant technology platform migrations that we have been pursuing over the past few years; and 
 
considering initiatives across our different business units to optimise operational efficiency, cash flow 
generation and return on capital invested. 
As part of the comprehensive evaluation referred to above, Bidco is expected to carry out an assessment of 
potential alterations to our management and organisational structure. This review will focus on possible cost 
efficiencies across the whole of our business, in particular those that could be enabled by our ongoing digital and 
technological transformation. 
Current Trading 
The Group continues to show resilience against the ongoing trading challenges and extended restrictions 
imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we continue to prioritise the wellbeing of our staff, members, 
customers, and suppliers. Our Roadside business has held up despite COVID-19 restrictions in terms of both paid 
membership numbers and EBITDA, although the smaller businesses including AA Driving Schools have been 
constrained as a result of such restrictions. In Insurance, we have seen aggressive price competition in recent months, 
particularly in new business pricing in motor, which we expect to last until the FCA pricing practices reforms take 
effect later in 2021. However, we believe our business model remains robust and the Group continues to trade in line 
with overall performance in the two financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021. The change of

--- Page 115 ---
95 
  
ownership was completed in March 2021 and, with the additional equity injected, and a further contribution of £100 
million still to come, we believe our balance sheet and capital structure is materially enhanced following the change of 
ownership. Underlying cash generation remains strong, and the Group continues to invest in the future of the business. 
As the business environment changes due to regulations, COVID-19 restrictions and changing working and social 
practices, we believe the Group has the flexibility to improve performance combined with our investment for future 
growth.  
Our Products and Services 
The Roadside segment consists of our B2C, B2B as well as developing businesses. The Insurance segment 
consists of AA Cars and the Insurance Broker and Financial Services partnership with the Bank of Ireland. In addition, 
the AA  Group offers insurance underwriting, which complements the Holdco Group’s insurance broking business. For 
the purposes of the discussion below, we include some discussion of AA Limited’s in-house underwriter (although the 
in-house underwriter does not form part of the Holdco Group). 
Roadside 
Our Roadside segment generated revenue of £799 million, or 86% of total Holdco Group revenue, and Trading 
EBITDA of £282 million or 88% of total Holdco Group Trading EBITDA for the year ended 31 January 2021. 
Roadside Assistance 
As at 31 January 2021, we had approximately 11.9 million Roadside customers, consisting of approximately 
3.2 million paid personal members and approximately 8.7 million business customers. 
We are the leading provider of roadside assistance across the UK based on our estimated share of the markets 
in which we operate, with approximately 2,500 dedicated patrols reaching an average of 8,000 breakdowns each day 
during the year ended 31 January 2021. Our patrols are trained to assess and repair a multitude of vehicle malfunctions 
at the roadside. In the year ended 31 January 2021, our patrols successfully repaired approximately 86% of member 
breakdowns at the roadside. 
Our roadside assistance service offers 24 hours a day cover for cars, motorbikes, caravans, and vans. As at 31 
January 2021, our national network of AA branded patrols attends almost 88.5% of breakdowns directly. A network of 
third-party garages provides us with flexibility during peak demand and serves the remaining proportion of breakdowns. 
Our patrols respond to a variety of issues on the roadside. In the year to 31 January 2021, we responded to 3.01 million 
breakdowns. Our average time to arrive for roadside assistance was 45.8 minutes during the year ended 31 January 
2021, an improvement from approximately 50 minutes in the year ended 31 January 2018. Our average time to fix was 
30.2 minutes in the year ended 31 January 2021. 
Our roadside assistance business partners on our flexible partner platform include car manufacturers, fleet and 
vehicle rental companies and financial institutions and partnerships that offer our products as services to their own 
customers as complementary “add-ons” or as part of a packaged bank account. 
Personal members 
We had approximately 3.2 million personal members as at 31 January 2021. Our B2C business operates a 
membership-based pricing model in which personal members are charged either a fixed annual fee or monthly fee for 
roadside assistance. Our personal members can then choose to increase their levels of cover to include At Home (home 
service), National Recovery (recovery service), Onward Travel (alternative travel arrangements), parts and garage cover 
and Smart Breakdown (connected car solution). In addition, we recognise tenure through our Silver and Gold tiers, 
offering further and additional benefits to more loyal members. 
Our personal membership base has historically featured relatively high renewal rates, which typically increase 
with the tenure of membership, reflecting the quality of our service and the trust in the AA brand. 
On average, our personal members require assistance for a vehicle breakdown once every two years, 
benefitting from their membership on a regular basis. 
Business customers 
We had approximately 8.7 million business, or B2B, customers as at 31 January 2021, which are split across 
four categories: 
 
Added Value Accounts:  The AA provides breakdown cover to Lloyds Banking Group and TSB 
customers as part of the package of benefits associated with their premium accounts. We have a

--- Page 116 ---
96 
  
strong relationship with the Lloyds Banking Group, which is one of the largest UK-based banking 
groups, covering Lloyds, Halifax and the Bank of Scotland. We provide cover to around half of the 
Added Value Account and banking markets. 
 
Car manufacturers:  Car manufacturers provide breakdown cover to their customers as part of new or 
used car warranties sold by franchised dealers. We have relationships with 15 of the leading car 
manufacturers (some of which are members of the same car manufacturing groups) operating in the 
UK market, many of which are longstanding relationships. Our well-established relationships with 
these car manufacturers are founded on our ability to provide them with statistical data on vehicle 
faults and performance information. As of January 2021, we had a share of approximately 60% of the 
new car manufacturer breakdown market. A list of our significant business partners is set out below. 
 
Fleet and leasing companies:  Commercial fleet companies, such as Enterprise, and lease companies, 
such as LeasePlan, offer breakdown cover to their customers for an additional fee. Cover is also 
provided for companies with large fleets of vehicles, such as Rivus Fleet Solutions (formerly BT 
Fleet). As of 31 January 2021, we provided cover to approximately 60% of the UK’s fleet and leasing 
companies. In February 2019, we acquired AA Prestige, a profitable and growing technology-led 
supplier of service, maintenance and repair (“SMR”) services to fleet and leasing companies. As part 
of our SMR roll-out plan, we announced a new partnership with Uber in September 2019, through 
which we successfully integrated our SMR platform and added the ability to request AA roadside 
assistance into Uber’s driver app. We have also commenced the roll-out of SMR services to all UK 
drivers through the soft launch of our Smart Care offering which is available on web-based channels. 
 
Insurance:  In April 2019, we announced a three-year contract with Admiral Group to offer AA 
roadside assistance to Admiral Group’s insurance customers, our first significant contract in the 
insurance market. 
The following table highlights some of our current business partner relationships: 
Business Partners 
Type of Customer 
Admiral Group ............................................................................................................................  
Insurance Customer 
Benefits
Allianz ........................................................................................................................................  
Insurance Customer 
Benefits
Lloyds Banking Group................................................................................................................
Added Value Accounts
TSB.............................................................................................................................................
Added Value Accounts
Audi............................................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Ford.............................................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Honda..........................................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Hyundai ......................................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Jaguar Land Rover......................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Toyota.........................................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Volkswagen Group .....................................................................................................................
Car Manufacturer
Alphabet......................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Arnold Clark...............................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Enterprise....................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Hertz ...........................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
LeasePlan....................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Lex Autolease (part of Lloyds Banking Group)..........................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Northgate ....................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Rivus Fleet Solutions (formerly BT Fleet)..................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Zenith..........................................................................................................................................
Fleet/Leasing Company
Uber ............................................................................................................................................
Ride-hailing Company
 
In the year ended 31 January 2021, we renewed or extended several key contracts, including TSB, JLR, VWG, 
Hyundai, DAS, LeasePlan, Admiral, Pendragon, Hertz, Avis and Arval and we won a number of new contracts 
including Nationwide and Silence UK, as well as several Electric Vehicle Charge Post Operators such as Gridserve, 
Swarco, Instavolt and Octopus. 
Our business partners typically enter into contracts with us for a duration of three to five years, with the option 
to extend the term of the contract. We have limited concentration among our business partners, with our top 10 business 
partners accounting for 16% of total revenue for the year ended 31 January 2021. 
Additional Roadside services

--- Page 117 ---
97 
  
Further product options available to members include European breakdown cover, for personal members 
travelling in mainland Europe and breakdown repair cover, which works together with our primary roadside assistance 
service to help reduce repair costs following a breakdown. Within our Roadside segment, we also generate revenue 
through products and services delivered through our own patrol force, including the sale of parts for repair at the 
roadside (of which battery sales is the largest), tyre replacement, removal of the wrong fuel from a vehicle, provision of 
specialised locksmith skills and delivery of a rental car when local repair cannot be arranged. 
We also offer a number of driving and technical-related products and services, which are reported under the 
Roadside segment. In February 2019, we completed the acquisition of AA Prestige, a profitable and growing 
technology-led supplier of service, maintenance and repair (SMR) services to fleet and leasing companies. We believe 
that the service, maintenance and repair market plays a key role in addressing a driver’s planned and unplanned needs 
and represents a significant opportunity for the AA to grow new revenue streams without incurring significant capital 
expenditure. We have successfully integrated AA Prestige and its proprietary UNITY system into our new technical 
services business, which we launched in March 2019, with the aim of providing a nationwide service for the automotive 
industry and UK drivers to help with issues such as vehicle recall campaigns, SMR and onsite technical support. 
In addition, we earn revenue from the use of AA-branded road traffic signs for use at events, other “car-related 
products” (including high visibility vests and jump leads) and we earn a share of profits from our hotel and restaurant 
inspection and rating service through our AA Media Limited joint venture with Enthuse Group. 
Driving Services 
Driving Services revenue includes our Driving Schools and DriveTech businesses. For the year ended 
31 January 2021, as a result of the disproportionate impact of COVID-19, Driving Schools and DriveTech generated 
combined revenue of £49 million, representing a decline of 21% compared to £62 million in the year ended 31 January 
2020. For the year ended 31 January 2021, we report the results of AA Cars in the Insurance segment, but had 
previously reported such results within the Roadside segment. See “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
Driving Schools 
The Driving Schools business, which is comprised of the AA Driving School and the British School of 
Motoring (“BSM”), has over 2,200 franchised driving instructors (as at 31 January 2021) and is, on an aggregated basis, 
the largest driving school in the UK (based on company data and publicly available data on numbers of competitor 
driving instructors). In 2011, we acquired BSM, which is the oldest driving school in the country and continues to 
operate under its own brand.  
The AA Driving School and BSM are market leaders in a fragmented market, with a combined market share of 
total UK driving pupils estimated at approximately 6.2% for the twelve month period ended 31 October 2020. Both the 
AA Driving School and BSM offer driving lessons and instructor training through a franchise model. In the twelve 
month period ended 31 October 2020, approximately 60,000 pupils took driving lessons through our Driving Schools 
business, although driving lessons were disrupted in that period due to COVID 19 related restrictions.  The majority of 
revenue from this business comes from weekly franchise fees paid by instructors, who receive a car and support from 
the brand in return. We are developing our strategy to increase the options and flexibility available to driving instructors 
to improve our retention of franchisee instructors. We have also invested in improving our digital interface and have 
significantly improved digital customer journeys for pupils by offering more competitive franchise opportunities and 
layering in wider benefits such as Roadside membership through our Standby promotion, which provides roadside 
assistance for a fee payable on each occasion that assistance is required. 
DriveTech 
DriveTech, which is a leading provider of fleet risk, safety management and driver training, has a business 
model specifically designed for commercial and professional drivers. It became part of the Holdco Group in 2009 and is 
split into Police, which accounts for the majority of revenue in the Driving Services division, and Fleet. Police delivers 
educational driver awareness schemes to members of the public as an alternative to incurring points on their licence. 
Fleet provides training to coach and lorry drivers on fleet management best practices, commercial and passenger 
vehicles under long-term services contracts, and provides a licence-checking service. As at 31 January 2021, we had 
contracts for the provision of speed awareness courses with 12 of the 45 territorial police forces in the UK which 
includes contracts with Transport for London and British Transport Police for level crossing courses. During the year 
ended 31 January 2020, we renewed for another three years, the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire 
framework contract (previously known as the Thames Valley Framework contract) and the Police Service Northern 
Ireland contract, in each case to provide speed awareness courses to the relevant police forces. During the year ended 31 
January 2021, DriveTech delivered 411,598 courses.

--- Page 118 ---
98 
  
Insurance  
Our Insurance segment generated revenue of £128 million, or 14% of total Holdco Group revenue, and 
Trading EBITDA of £40 million, or 12% of total Holdco Group Trading EBITDA for the year ended 31 January 2021. 
Our Insurance segment generated revenue of £138 million, or 14% of total Holdco Group revenue, and Trading 
EBITDA of £56 million, or 16% of total Holdco Group Trading EBITDA for the year ended 31 January 2020. As at the 
year ending 31 January 2021 our broker had 1,941,000 motor and home policies in force. The average income per 
policy was £59. 
For the year ended 31 January 2021, we report the results of AA Cars in the Insurance segment, which were 
previously reported within the Roadside segment. The comparatives for the year ended 31 January 2020 have been 
restated to reflect this change. See “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
Insurance Broker 
Our Insurance Broker division offers motor and home insurance policies to both roadside assistance paid 
personal members and non-members. We act as a broker for insurers, selling policies to customers for the insurance 
underwriters on our panel, including the AA  Group’s in-house underwriter. We were ranked #1 in motor insurance 
brand consideration as at 2020, by Ipsos. See “—Insurance underwriting”, below. 
 
Motor Insurance:  Motor is the largest insurance product for the AA by revenue and we had 
approximately 1,052,000 motor policies as at 31 January 2021. Under motor insurance, the three main 
product categories are as follows: 
 
Insurance products: We offer a number of motor insurance packages from comprehensive cover to 
third-party, fire and theft. 
 
Optional extras: We offer optional extras, such as motor legal assistance, excess protection, car hire 
and a car accident plan. 
We grew our motor policy book by 21% between 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021, benefitting from 
incremental sales and renewals through the AA Group’s in-house underwriter. 
 
Home Insurance:  Home is our second largest insurance product by revenue and we had 
approximately 889,000 home policies as at 31 January 2021. We offer two home insurance products: 
AA Buildings Insurance and AA Contents Insurance. Customers can also purchase a number of 
add-on products, the largest of which are Home Emergency Cover and Home Legal Expenses. As at 
31 October 2020, approximately 26.4% of our home insurance customers were also personal 
members, but only 4.1% of our personal members had purchased our home insurance cover, showing 
the potential for growth in this area. 
We use a diverse panel of third-party underwriters for both motor and home insurance, including many of the 
UK’s major insurance underwriters and the AA Group’s in-house underwriter. We are dedicated to monitoring and 
improving the performance of the panel and regularly assess panel share and underwriting results for each participant. 
Accident Assist, our recently launched in-house claims management proposition is performing well. Following 
the implementation of a new claims handling platform from ICE InsureTech and the consolidation of all our claims 
operations into Royal Tunbridge Wells in the year ending 31 January 2021, we are starting to see positive momentum 
building. We have now completed the roll-out of this new capability across all our motor insurance panel members 
ahead of schedule and in December 2020, we were pleased to extend this service to our Roadside members, which we 
believe is a key differentiator for our roadside business and represents a significant growth opportunity in our plan to 
become our customers’ “first call” after an accident. We are planning to incorporate the Accident Assist service benefits 
to all our members from the first quarter of the year ending 31 January 2022. 
With the benefit of additional marketing, further roll-out of our claims handling platform, more customers 
getting back to the road as well as improved cross-sell through our Roadside Assistance channel, we believe Accident 
Assist provides a strong platform to grow our core Insurance and Roadside Assistance businesses. 
Financial services 
In 2015 we relaunched our financial services offering through our 10-year exclusive partnership with the Bank 
of Ireland. On 31 March 2020, we extended this partnership by three years to at least 2028. Our partnership currently 
offers AA-branded loans and savings to both members and non-members. As at 31 January 2021, we had 101,000 
financial services products across our credit cards, personal loans and savings portfolio. We believe that our 
membership base and brand both benefit from the business with over 55% of the non-ISA savings book held by

--- Page 119 ---
99 
  
members and 35% of our personal loans being written for vehicles as at 31 January 2021. As part of the extension of the 
relationship with the Bank of Ireland, the partnership now includes AA branded car finance products to sit alongside the 
savings and loans products. 
Our online used cars and vans platform, AA Cars, generates revenue from car advertising listings, car 
financing and ancillary sales. 
Insurance underwriting 
In January 2016, the AA Group launched its own underwriting business to complement the Holdco Group’s 
existing brokerage operations. It has become common over the past few years for brokers in the markets for motor and 
home insurance to set up their own in-house underwriters. The AA Group’s underwriter participates on our Holdco 
Group’s brokering panels for home and motor insurance and competes with third-party underwriters for the 
underwriting risk. We believe that the AA Group’s insurance underwriter can price risk effectively by accessing the 
Holdco Group’s proprietary data on personal members, which directly benefits Holdco’s Insurance segment. The AA 
Group mitigates its underwriting risk with high levels of reinsurance and coinsurance. During the year ended 31 January 
2019, our in-house underwriter commenced underwriting motor insurance to non-members while using the Holdco 
Group’s propriety data on personal members. As at 31 January 2021, 272,000 of our total 600,000 underwritten motor 
policies related to non-members. In addition, we are actively developing strategies to increase our online 
competitiveness and cross-selling capabilities to increase penetration levels within our existing member base. We are 
also looking to insure younger drivers in the near future, a demographic we do not currently target, for example, 
through our connected proposition. 
The AA Group’s in-house underwriting business remains well-capitalised under the Solvency II capital 
requirements and will continue to be funded with internally generated cash and from the profits of the underwriter. Any 
additional solvency capital would be funded from the profits of the underwriters and the AA  Group’s available cash. 
It should be noted that the insurance underwriting business described above does not form part of the Holdco 
Group but is discussed as we believe the underwriting business complements the insurance brokerage business that sits 
within the Holdco Group. 
The Holdco Group had two authorised insurance underwriting companies in the UK, AAUSL and AAUL, 
which were sold in May 2020 following receipt of regulatory approval. At completion, these companies had no live 
policies and were in run-off. 
Intellectual property  
We have registered the domain name “www.theAA.com”. We are also the registered owner of numerous 
community trademarks and national trademarks in several EU member states including the UK, including “AA”, “The 
4th Emergency Service”, “BSM” and “DriveTech”. We have entered into co-existence agreements with certain 
counterparties to regulate the use of the “AA” trademark and colour scheme within the UK and elsewhere. Our brand 
constitutes a significant part of the value of the Holdco Group. We rely primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual 
property rights to protect our brand. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing 
trademarks in order to increase brand awareness and, in particular, to develop our presence and activity in those markets 
where we are a new entrant. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—We may not be able to 
protect our brand and related intellectual property rights from infringement or other misuse by others and we may face 
claims that we have infringed the trademarks or other intellectual property rights of others”. 
Employees and pension obligations 
As at 31 January 2021, approximately 90% of the Holdco Group’s employees were covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement which is in place with the IDU, now part of the Community Trade Union (the only formal trade 
union that we recognise). Collective bargaining arrangements are in place with our recognised union that cover pay, 
hours and holidays for non-management grade employees; however, what is considered negotiable is subject to 
consensus and agreement between the AA and the IDU from time to time. We also have several associated collective 
agreements in place covering redundancy with different severance terms dependent on the date employment 
commenced. We have not had any industrial dispute activities among our patrols or administrative and call centres in 
recent years, and we believe that we have a positive relationship with our employees. On 7 March 2018, we received 
notification that former Executive Chairman, Bob Mackenzie, who was dismissed for gross misconduct on 1 August 
2017, had on 6 March 2018 issued a claim form in the High Court, Chancery Division (the “Court”) against AA plc, its 
subsidiary Automobile Association Developments Limited (referred to herein as the Companies) and personally against 
a number of their directors (existing and former) and the former Company Secretary. In November 2018, the claim 
against all the directors and the former Company Secretary was dismissed in full and Mr. Mackenzie was ordered to pay 
their costs. The majority of Mr. Mackenzie’s claim arises from his exclusion from a share option scheme which, in any

--- Page 120 ---
100 
  
event, lapsed for all participants without any payment in June 2019. However, Mr. Mackenzie has also issued an 
amended claim which includes a new claim for personal injury allegedly suffered as a result of stress arising from his 
role as CEO and Chairman. The Companies have filed a full defence in relation to Mr. Mackenzie’s amended claim. 
After further discussion with external counsel the Companies have decided to apply for a strike-out application in 
relation to the entirety of Mr. Mackenzie’s claims against them. This application was filed in May 2020 and the hearing 
was held between 10 and 12 March 2021. 
On 25 June 2021, the Court ruled in favour of our strike-out application in relation to all, bar one, of Mr. 
Mackenzie’s claims against us. In its judgement the Court agreed that all of Mr. Mackenzie’s claims should be struck 
out (except for his wrongful dismissal claim which was not part of the strike-out application) meaning at this stage Mr. 
Mackenzie’s claim has now been defeated. Additionally, Mr. Mackenzie was ordered to pay 90% of the costs we 
incurred in bringing our application although the exact figure of our costs is still subject to further review. 
Mr. Mackenzie requested leave to appeal the Court’s judgement but this request was denied. He will now 
likely take his request for leave to appeal directly to the Court of Appeal and we are prepared to fully defend this appeal 
application. We remain confident of our defence to Mr. Mackenzie’s claims and the Court’s judgement helps illustrate 
the strength of our position. 
As a result of our external advice we have not taken any provision for this matter as we do not anticipate 
having to make any payment of damages to Mr. Mackenzie. 
Pensions and post-retirement medical 
The AA Group operates two funded defined benefit pension schemes: (i) the AA Pension Scheme (the “AA 
UK Pension Scheme”) and (ii) the AA Ireland Pension Scheme (the “AA Ireland Pension Scheme”). We also operate 
the AAPMP to provide private healthcare cover to certain categories of retired AA pensioners and their dependents. 
AA UK Pension Scheme 
The AA UK Pension Scheme was closed to employees who received offers of employment from 1 October 
2016 and the final salary sections of the scheme were closed to future accrual with effect from 30 June 2017. The 
remaining members of the AA UK Pension Scheme accrued future service benefits in the CARE section of the scheme. 
The valuation of the AA UK Pension Scheme calculated a pension deficit of £133 million under IFRS as at 
31 January 2021. A triennial valuation for this scheme was carried out as at 31 March 2016, reporting a funding deficit 
of £366 million. The valuation before that was the 2013 Valuation. The most recent triennial valuation took place as at 
31 March 2019 and resulted in a significant reduction to the technical provisions deficit of 64%, to £131 million. 
In November 2013, in conjunction with agreeing the 2013 Valuation, we implemented the ABF with the AA 
UK Pension Trustee. The ABF provides the AA UK Pension Scheme with an inflation-linked income stream over 
25 years. The ABF is intended to address the funding deficit disclosed in the 2013 Valuation over a 25-year period. 
Typically, funding deficits are addressed over a much shorter period than 25 years and, in order to secure the 
AA UK Pension Trustee’s agreement to this longer 25-year term under the ABF, the AA UK Pension Trustee has been 
granted first-ranking security up to a value of £200 million (through the ABF structure) over our brands. Following the 
valuation as at 31 March 2016, a nine-year plan of incremental funding was implemented, taking into account the 
continued funding of the previous deficit. 
A new recovery plan has now been put in place and agreed with the AA UK Pension Trustee which assumes 
that the AA UK Pension Scheme’s technical deficit will be fully repaid in July 2025, which is one year earlier than 
previously planned in terms of the additional funding element and 13 years earlier in terms of the ABF. To do this, the 
Holdco Group has committed to paying an additional (above the ABF payments) £10 million per annum from April 
2020 to March 2021, £11 million per annum from April 2021 to March 2022 and £12 million per annum from April 
2022 to July 2025. From 1 February 2020, the AA UK Pension Trustee will also meet its own costs of running the 
scheme. As a result, annual cash costs for the Holdco Group are expected to reduce by around £6 million. These 
contributions are, except where pre-agreed circumstances apply, intended to be maintained at current levels until 
24 November 2025 pursuant to the MoU, which the AA Group and Basing Bidco entered into with the AA UK Pension 
Trustee as part of the Acquisition. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Pension Schemes and Post-Retirement 
Medical Plans—We are exposed to various risks in connection with the funding of our pension commitments under the 
AA UK Pension Scheme, our principal defined benefit plan, the AA Ireland Pension Scheme and our post-retirement 
medical scheme, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results 
of operations”.

--- Page 121 ---
101 
  
In March 2020, we concluded our 60-day pension consultation with around 2,800 members through their 
IDU/management representatives in respect of our proposal to close the CARE section of the AA UK Pension Scheme, 
and as a result, the closure took effect from 31 March 2020. Closure of the CARE section is expected to protect against 
ongoing build-up of defined benefit risk for the Holdco Group and reduced pension cash costs by approximately 
£4 million per annum. The consultation resulted in a temporary enhancement to the defined contribution scheme being 
agreed for affected employees, which will cost approximately £11 million in total over three years starting from 1 April 
2020. 
However, neither the new recovery plan nor the closure of the CARE section guarantee that the funding deficit 
with respect to the AA UK Pension Scheme will not increase in the future and this may result in materially higher 
payments being required to be paid to the AA UK Pension Scheme to address such increased deficit. In the year ended 
31 January 2021, the Holdco Group made deficit reduction payments of £25 million. 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme 
The AA Ireland Pension Scheme is much smaller than the AA UK Pension Scheme, with assets of 
approximately £51 million and a funding deficit of £9 million under IFRS as at 31 January 2021. It is closed to new 
entrants and future accrual of benefits. Following the sale of AA Ireland, the Holdco Group continues to retain the AA 
Ireland Pension Scheme, having transferred it to an English subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited. 
Post-retirement medical scheme 
The AAPMP is an unfunded post-retirement medical scheme, which is treated as a defined benefit scheme for 
accounting purposes and that is not open to new entrants but has active participants. As at 31 January 2021, the AAPMP 
showed a liability of £46 million under IFRS. 
Environmental matters 
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to petrol/diesel disposal and environmental 
protection. We believe that we are in compliance with applicable requirements of such laws and regulations or operate 
under an applicable regulatory position statement. However, we could incur costs, such as fines and third-party claims 
for property and environmental damage, remediations or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under 
environmental laws and regulations. 
Insurance  
We have insurance coverage under various insurance policies for, among other things, property damage, our 
technical and office equipment and stock, our patrol vehicles, as well as coverage for business interruption, terrorism 
and directors and officers. We do not have insurance coverage for all interruption of operations risks because in our 
view, these risks cannot be insured or can only be insured on unreasonable terms. For example, there is no insurance 
coverage against the risk of failure by personal members to pay. We also have insurance policies covering employer 
and public liability, as well as for errors and omissions that may occur when broking insurance (professional indemnity 
insurance, which is required under the FCA regulatory regime). 
We believe our existing insurance coverage, including the amounts of coverage and the conditions, provides 
reasonable protection, taking into account the costs for the insurance coverage and the potential risks to business 
operations. However, we can provide no assurances that losses will not be incurred or that claims will not be filed 
against us which go beyond the type and scope of the existing insurance coverage. 
Legal proceedings  
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business. In 
addition, we may be involved in non-ordinary course litigation, for example, with respect to legal proceedings brought 
against us by our former Executive Chairman, Bob Mackenzie following his dismissal for gross misconduct.  
On 3 June 2021 we received a formal claim from a group of former shareholders of Motoriety Limited (the 
“Claimants”), a joint venture in which we had invested in 2015. The Claimants are alleging that former senior 
employees of the AA fraudulently, or negligently, misrepresented elements of the business opportunities available to 
Motoriety if they agreed to the AA’s investment. Additionally, the Claimants allege breach of contract of certain 
investment documents. The Claimants allege that their claim is worth between £35 million and £49 million but have 
provided little quantification for this figure. We are currently working through the claim in preparation for filing our 
defence. We have received advice from our external advisors, as well as an independent litigation advisor appointed by 
our major shareholders, that our prospects for successfully defending this claim are high.

--- Page 122 ---
102 
  
On 18 February 2021 we received a formal claim from Fenchurch Advisory Partners LLP, a previous 
corporate advisor to the AA Group, claiming a maximum of £4.9 million in damages due to alleged breach of contract 
relating to a previous aborted corporate transaction. Since the filing of the claim we have filed our defence to this matter 
and are engaged in further pre-disclosure activity. We have received advice from our external advisors, as well as an 
independent litigation advisor appointed by our major shareholders, that our prospects for successfully defending this 
claim are high.  
See “—Employees and Pension Obligations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and 
Industry—Litigation, roadside injuries or death or regulatory inquiries or investigations could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”.  
We do not expect the legal proceedings in which we are involved or with which we have been threatened, 
either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations. The outcome of legal proceedings, however, can be extremely difficult to predict with certainty, and we 
can offer no assurances in this regard. 
Regulatory Environment  
In the UK, there are two main financial services regulators; the PRA (which broadly regulates banks and 
insurers from a prudential perspective) and the FCA (which regulates all firms from a conduct perspective as well as 
insurance intermediaries and investment firms from a prudential perspective). 
The majority of the regulated business of the Holdco Group is UK insurance intermediation business carried 
on through Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited (“AAISL”). AAISL also has permission to undertake 
certain consumer credit and consumer hire business. AAISL is authorised and regulated by the FCA and currently 
subject to relatively limited minimum capital requirements (the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from its 
regulated activities). AAISL is also required to ensure that it has adequate resources (both financial and of non-
financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook (COND). AAISL has capital 
resources in excess of its minimum capital requirements. The Board of AAISL has independent Non Executive 
Directors to ensure that AAISL continues to operate independently and responsibly. 
AA Financial Services Limited (“AAFSL”) is authorised and regulated by the FCA to undertake certain 
insurance mediation activities, provide credit brokerage services and to arrange for UK customers to enter into 
regulated mortgage contracts with the Bank of Ireland. AAFSL has entered into a 10 year contractual arrangement with 
the Bank of Ireland. AAFSL is currently subject to minimum capital requirements of the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of 
annual income from its regulated activities. AAFSL is also required to ensure that it has adequate resources (both 
financial and of non-financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook 
(COND). 
The Holdco Group had two authorised insurance underwriting companies in the UK, AA Underwriting 
Limited (“AAUL”) and Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited (“AAUSL”). These companies were 
sold in May 2020 following receipt of regulatory approval. At completion, these companies had no live policies and 
were in run off. See “—Our Products and Services—Insurance underwriting”. Automobile Association Developments 
Limited (“AADL”) writes insurance business which would otherwise be regulated; however, as it writes breakdown 
assistance only it is exempt from the general requirement that firms carrying out insurance business in the UK be 
regulated. AADL, which is part of the Holdco Group, conducts certain insurance intermediation activities, 
predominantly in the UK, as appointed representative of AAISL. Used Car Sites Limited and Brinc Services Ltd are 
also appointed representatives of AAISL. 
For further details on the regulatory regime affecting the Holdco Group, including the potential impact of 
Brexit, see “Regulatory Overview”, “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—We operate almost 
exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of COVID-19 or Brexit) may 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations” and “Risk 
Factors—Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legislative Matters”.  
Material Contracts 
Business partner agreements 
For the year ended 31 January 2021, our ten largest business partners accounted for 16% of total revenue, of 
which the single largest partner is Lloyds Banking Group. See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to our Business and 
Industry. Our business relies on key contractual relationships with certain business customers, and the loss of any such 
business customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations”.

--- Page 123 ---
103

--- Page 124 ---
104 
  
REGULATORY OVERVIEW 
Introduction 
The Holdco Group includes two regulated financial services companies: (i) AAISL and (ii) AAFSL.  
 
AAISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) to undertake 
insurance intermediation as well as certain consumer credit and consumer hire business. It is currently 
subject to minimum capital requirements (the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from its 
regulated activities). AAISL is also required to ensure that it has adequate resources (both financial 
and of non-financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook 
(COND). AAISL has capital resources in excess of its minimum capital requirements. The Board of 
AAISL has independent Non Executive Directors to ensure that AAISL continues to operate 
independently and responsibly.  
 
AAFSL is authorised and regulated by the FCA to undertake certain insurance mediation activities, 
provide credit brokerage services and to arrange for UK customers to enter into regulated mortgage 
contracts. AAFSL has entered into a 10 year contractual arrangement with the Bank of Ireland. 
AAFSL is currently subject to minimum capital requirements of the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of 
annual income from its regulated activities. AAFSL is also required to ensure that it has adequate 
resources (both financial and non-financial) in line with the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 
in the FCA Handbook (COND).  
The majority of the regulated business of the Holdco Group is the UK insurance intermediation business 
carried on through AAISL. AAISL also has permission to undertake certain consumer credit and consumer hire 
business. AAFSL undertakes certain insurance mediation activities, provides credit brokerage services and arranges for 
UK customers to enter into regulated mortgage contracts; AAFSL has entered into a 10 year contractual arrangement 
with the Bank of Ireland.  
The Holdco Group had two authorised insurance underwriting companies in the UK, AA Underwriting 
Limited (“AAUL”) and Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited (“AAUSL”). These companies were 
sold in May 2020 following receipt of regulatory approval. At completion, these companies had no live policies and 
were in run off.  
Automobile Association Developments Limited (“AADL”) writes insurance business which would otherwise 
be regulated; however, as it writes breakdown assistance only it is exempt from the general requirement that firms 
carrying out insurance business in the UK be regulated. AADL, which is part of the Holdco Group, conducts certain 
insurance intermediation activities, predominantly in the UK, as appointed representative of AAISL. Used Car Sites 
Limited and Brinc Services Ltd are also appointed representatives of AAISL. These entities are not themselves 
authorised. 
At the AA Group level, AAUIC is authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (“GFSC”) and 
conducts certain insurance activities in the UK through its Solvency II passporting rights on a cross border services 
basis. AAUIC is one of the firms on the panel of underwriters for the insurance brokerage business we carry out within 
the Holdco Group, but is not part of the Holdco Group itself and conducts business with the Holdco Group on an arm’s 
length basis. 
Unless specified otherwise or in the heading, the following sub-sections address the laws and regulations of the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
In the United Kingdom, regulated financial services firms are subject to the authority of one or both of two UK 
regulators: the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and the FCA.  
The PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of all banks, insurance companies and some designated 
investment firms. Although the PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of these firms, they are dual-regulated 
with the FCA which has responsibility for the regulation of their conduct of business. For other financial services firms, 
including insurance intermediaries and other investment firms, the FCA is the sole regulator in both prudential and 
conduct of business matters. 
The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) is the central piece of legislation for 
the regulation of financial services companies in the United Kingdom. Under FSMA, persons carrying on “regulated 
activities” prescribed in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (as amended)

--- Page 125 ---
105 
  
(“RAO”) must be authorised by the PRA and/or FCA (as appropriate) before carrying on any of those regulated 
activities unless they are exempt. 
As mentioned above, in the United Kingdom, AAISL and AAFSL are authorised and regulated (solely) by the 
FCA. None of the entities in the Holdco Group are authorised or regulated by the PRA. 
Authorisation 
Solo-regulated firms (i.e. firms regulated solely by the FCA, which includes insurance intermediaries) must 
apply to the FCA. When granting authorisation, the FCA must ensure that the firm meets certain threshold conditions 
which, among other things, require the firm to be a fit and proper person (having regard to all circumstances) and the 
firm to have adequate resources (including financial resources) for the carrying on of its business. When the FCA  
grants a firm its authorisation, they set the scope of, and may include such restrictions on, the specific permissions 
granted to the firm. This sets limits on the scope of regulated activities that the firm is permitted to carry on. 
FCA Rules 
Once authorised, firms must comply with the rules in the FCA Handbook, as well as the body of other rules 
and guidance published by the FCA. The FCA Handbook contains detailed rules covering, among other things, 
governance, risk management, systems and controls and other organisational requirements, conduct of business rules, 
corporate governance and individual accountability, and prudential (including capital and liquidity) requirements. 
In addition to the detailed rules and guidance published by the FCA, the FCA Handbook contains high-level 
standards for conducting financial services business in the United Kingdom, known as the Principles for Business. All 
authorised firms are expected to comply with these standards, which cover (among other things) the maintenance of 
adequate systems, controls and financial resources, treating customers fairly, communicating with customers in a 
manner that is clear, fair and not misleading, and being open and co-operative with the FCA. 
As there are no regulated insurance undertakings in the Holdco Group and the activities carried on by AAISL 
and AAFSL relate to insurance intermediation activities, the Holdco Group is subject to FCA supervision. 
Insurance Intermediaries and Investment Firms 
Insurance intermediaries and investment firms are generally authorised and regulated by the FCA. They must 
comply with the specific rules that apply to their business. The Holdco Group contains two insurance intermediary 
companies, AAISL and AAFSL, who are both authorised and regulated by the FCA.  
Due to the nature of insurance intermediation business, financial requirements applying to insurance 
intermediaries, particularly those which do not hold client money, are generally less onerous than those applying to 
investment firms and insurance companies. AAISL and AAFSL are subject to relatively limited minimum capital 
requirements (the higher of £5,000 and 2.5% of annual income from the regulated activities of the intermediary). Both 
entities are also required to ensure that they have adequate resources (both financial and of non-financial) in line with 
the requirements of Threshold Condition 2.4 in the FCA Handbook (COND). AAISL and AAFSL have capital 
resources in excess of its minimum capital requirements.  
In addition to the prudential rules, AAISL and AAFSL are subject to various conduct of business rules that 
apply specifically to the business they conduct, including in relation to the obligations they owe to their customers when 
performing their regulated business, communications with customers, information disclosures and other transparency 
and reporting requirements.  
Some important sources of rules and accompanying guidance relevant to the insurance intermediary and 
investment services businesses undertaken within the Holdco Group include (but are not limited to) the following 
regulatory handbooks in the FCA Handbook: 
 
the General Prudential Sourcebook (“GENPRU”); 
 
the Prudential Sourcebook for Mortgage and Home Finance Firms and Insurance Intermediaries 
(“MIPRU”); 
 
the Mortgages and Home Finance: Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“MCOB”); 
 
the Insurance: Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“ICOBS”); 
 
the Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”); and

--- Page 126 ---
106 
  
 
the Consumer Credit Sourcebook (“CONC”), which regulates the limited credit broking activities 
carried on by SSL. 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
There has been increasing focus in the EU on how the insurance industry markets and distributes insurance 
products and on the introduction of appropriate safeguards for customers. The Insurance Distribution Directive ((EU) 
2016/97) (“IDD”) (as amended) set standards for the distribution of insurance products. It replaced the previous 
Insurance Mediation Directive (2002/92/EC). The IDD only set minimum standards – this means that firms must also 
comply with relevant local law and regulations to the extent that they set standards higher than the IDD (in the UK, this 
includes the standards and rules set out in the FCA Handbook). 
The IDD aims to enhance protection for customers buying both general and long term insurance products. It 
also aims to ensure that customers are protected irrespective of the distribution channel used to access an insurance 
product and to promote competition on equal terms between distributors of insurance products. 
The IDD contains requirements for the authorisation of (re)insurance intermediaries and establishes 
passporting rights for firms that are registered under the directive. A range of additional requirements applying to those 
firms are also extended to (re)insurers which are involved in the distribution of insurance products. In particular, the 
IDD imposes specific rules on distributors to act in the best interests of their customers and to ensure that information 
provided to customers is clear, fair and not misleading. It also includes rules on product oversight and governance, 
transparency and conflicts of interests, and enhanced conduct of business rules for IBIPs. 
In the UK, the Insurance Distribution (Regulated Activities and Miscellaneous Amendments) Order 2018 (the 
“IDD Order”) has transposed the IDD into UK law, and amended the relevant provisions of FSMA and RAO. The IDD 
Order came into force on 1 October 2018. (See below further discussion of the effect of the UK’s withdrawal from the 
EU.)  
Consumer Credit 
Consumer credit and hire businesses are authorised and regulated by the FCA. Under the Consumer Credit 
Regime, relevant “regulated activities” include credit broking and entering into a “regulated credit agreement” as 
lender. The Consumer Credit Regime requires relevant entities of the Holdco Group to comply with detailed obligations 
covering areas such as financial promotions, customer communications, pre and post contractual requirements, 
responsible lending, cancellation, arrears, forbearance and debt advice. Relevant entities must also comply with certain 
conditions and requirements relating to corporate governance, internal systems and controls, advertising, pre contract 
disclosure, the form and content of agreements, post contract disclosure, default and termination, and judicial control 
and enforcement. Where a credit agreement is subject to the Consumer Credit Regime, it must contain certain 
prescribed information and terms in a set form. Where these strict requirements are not met, such agreements may be 
unenforceable and where this relates to agreements entered into before April 1, 2007, the agreements will be 
irredeemably unenforceable. Agreements entered into on or after April 1, 2007 may be enforceable with an order of the 
court. However, we cannot guarantee that such a court order can be obtained. 
The Holdco Group contains one consumer credit and consumer hire business, AAISL and one credit brokerage 
business AAFSL, who are both authorised and regulated by the FCA. The FCA has the power to cancel or vary a firm’s 
permission, or to withdraw a firm’s authorisation, under the same regime applicable to authorised insurers and 
insurance intermediaries. 
Non compliance with certain other provisions of the CCA may also render customer agreements unenforceable 
against the borrower and result in there being no obligation on the borrower to pay interest and charges during the 
period of non compliance, and require interest and charges that have already been collected to be refunded. Failure to 
provide certain post contractual documentation may also render the agreement unenforceable during the period of non 
compliance. In addition, the FCA has placed increasing emphasis on compliance with the principle that a firm must pay 
due regard to the interests of its customers and treat them fairly. The “Treating Customers Fairly” (TCF) obligation 
requires FCA regulated firms, among other things, to demonstrate that senior management are taking responsibility for 
ensuring that consumer outcomes relevant to the business are delivered through maintaining an appropriate firm culture 
and good practice. Non compliance with the CCA and /or non compliance with the FCA’s TCF or other principles may 
result in an enforcement action by the FCA. 
Distance Marketing 
In the United Kingdom, the Financial Services (Distance Marketing) Regulations 2004 apply to, among other 
things, credit agreements entered into on or after 31 October 2004 by a “consumer” within the meaning of these 
regulations by means of distance communication (i.e. without any substantive simultaneous physical presence of the

--- Page 127 ---
107 
  
originator and the borrower). A regulated mortgage contract under the FSMA, if originated by a United Kingdom lender 
from an establishment in the United Kingdom, will not be cancellable under these regulations, but will be subject to 
related pre-contract disclosure requirements in MCOB. Certain other credit agreements will be cancellable under these 
regulations if the borrower does not receive prescribed information at the prescribed time, or in any event for certain 
unsecured lending. Where the credit agreement is cancellable under these regulations, the borrower may send notice of 
cancellation at any time before the end of the 14th day after the day on which the cancellable agreement is made, where 
all the prescribed information has been received, or, if later, the borrower receives the last of the prescribed information. 
If the borrower cancels the credit agreement under these regulations, then: the borrower is liable to repay the 
principal, and any other sums paid by the originator to the borrower under or in relation to the cancelled agreement, 
within 30 days beginning with the day of the borrower sending the notice of cancellation or, if later, the originator 
receiving notice of cancellation; the borrower is liable to pay interest, or any early repayment charge or other charge for 
credit under the cancelled agreement, only if the borrower received certain prescribed information at the prescribed time 
and if other conditions are met; and any security provided in relation to the contract is to be treated as never having had 
effect for the cancelled agreement. 
Appointed Representatives 
AADL, Used Car Sites Limited and Brinc Services Ltd, which form part of the Holdco Group, are appointed 
representatives of AAISL (which is known as the appointed representatives’ “principal”). An appointed representative 
is not itself authorised by the FCA but is a representative of its principal firm. An appointed representative is an exempt 
person for the purposes of FSMA and the authorised principal firm remain responsible and liable for the regulatory 
compliance of its appointed representatives. 
Supervision and Enforcement 
The FCA supervises firms in a number of ways, including through the Senior Managers & Certification 
Regime (outlined below). The supervisory role of the regulators is supported by a range of rules in the FCA Handbook , 
such as rules requiring firms to notify regulators about certain events. In particular, Principle 11 of the FCA’s Principles 
for Businesses requires that “[a] firm must deal with its regulators in an open and cooperative way, and must disclose to 
the FCA appropriately anything relating to the firm of which that regulator would reasonably expect notice”.  
The FCA also has extensive powers to supervise and intervene in the affairs of an authorised firm under 
FSMA, including to monitor compliance with the regulator’s objectives. The FCA has various disciplinary and 
enforcement powers, including the power to: withdraw a firm’s authorisation; cancel, vary or withdraw a firm’s 
permissions; suspend firms or individuals from undertaking regulated activities; impose restitution orders where 
persons have suffered loss; and fine, censure, or impose other sanctions on firms or individuals who breach relevant 
rules.  
The FCA can also formally investigate a firm, require firms to produce information or documents, or require a 
firm to provide a “skilled persons” report under sections 166 and 166A of FSMA. 
In addition to its disciplinary and enforcement powers, the FCA can prosecute certain criminal offences under 
FSMA and other legislation. The FCA also has various powers in relation to market abuse, including the power to 
sanction persons who commit market abuse. 
The FCA has powers in relation to the administration and winding-up of authorised firms under FSMA. 
Breaches by authorised firms of certain rules in the FCA Handbook can also give certain private persons who 
suffer loss as a result of the breach a right of action against the breaching firm for damages. 
The FCA has concurrent powers to enforce competition law prohibitions in relation to the provision of 
financial services. The FCA is also granted the powers to refer market investigation references to the CMA for in depth 
investigation if it identifies a feature or features of a market which give rise to potentially anti competitive effects. The 
decision to bring a case ultimately rests with the CMA and will be resolved at that level. 
Breakdown Insurance Exclusion 
AADL is the entity responsible for the provision of our roadside assistance business. The RAO, which sets out 
activities which are regulated in the UK under FSMA, contains an exclusion under Article 12 for breakdown insurance 
providers the effect of which is that the provision of breakdown insurance which meets certain conditions does not 
involve the regulated activities or effecting or carrying out contracts of insurance. Consequently, companies providing 
roadside assistance within the exclusion are not required to be authorised by the PRA under Section 19 of FSMA. 
AADL currently benefits from this exclusion and is not therefore required to be, nor is it, an authorised insurer for the 
purposes of FSMA.

--- Page 128 ---
108 
  
The relevant conditions that must be satisfied in order to qualify for the exclusion are that: 
 
the provider does not otherwise carry on any insurance business; 
 
the cover is exclusively or primarily for the provision of benefits in kind in the event of accident or 
breakdown of a vehicle; and 
 
the policy provides that the assistance: 
 
takes the form of repairs to or removal of the relevant vehicle; 
 
is not available outside the UK and Ireland, except where it is provided without the payment of 
additional premium by a person in the country concerned with whom the provider has entered into a 
reciprocal agreement; and 
 
is provided in the UK or Ireland, in most circumstances, by the provider’s own work force under its 
direction rather than through an outsourcing arrangement. 
Senior Managers and Certification Regime 
FSMA gives the FCA and the PRA powers and responsibilities over individuals carrying on certain roles 
(known as “controlled functions”) for or on behalf of an authorised firm (and appointed representatives) within the UK 
financial services industry. This is one of the ways in which the FCA and PRA supervise firms, including their 
management and governance.  
On 9 December 2019, the Senior Managers Regime and the Certification Regime (known collectively as the 
“SMCR”) came into force for solo (FCA only) regulated firms, including AAISL and AAFSL. The other members of 
the Holdco Group are not FCA regulated entities so SMCR does not apply to them. The SMCR aims to enhance the 
accountability and responsibility of managers, employees and other persons acting on behalf of firms and to make sure 
that authorised firms have clear and effective governance structures. Among various other rules, the Senior Managers 
Regime requires that persons (called “Senior Managers”) performing certain roles (called “Senior Management 
Functions” or “SMFs”) for or on behalf of authorised firms are approved by the FCA prior to performing those roles. 
Senior management functions include key governance roles. The FCA may not approve individuals for such roles 
unless they are satisfied that they have the appropriate qualifications, knowledge, training and experience and are fit and 
proper to perform those functions. The FCA may withdraw approval for individuals whom they deem no longer fit and 
proper to perform those functions. 
The SMCR rules apply differently depending on the size and business conducted by each firm: a “Limited 
Scope SMCR firm” is subject to the fewest rules, a “Core SMCR firm” is subject to additional rules and an “Enhanced 
SMCR firm” is subject to the most rules.  
In addition to the requirement that firms must obtain approval for Senior Managers before those persons 
discharging Senior Management Functions: 
 
authorised firms must allocate specific “Prescribed Responsibilities” between its Senior Managers;  
 
each Senior Manager must have an individual Statement of Responsibilities and owes a “duty of 
responsibility” in respect of the areas of business for which they are responsible; and  
 
under the Certification Regime, individuals performing other key functions must be certified by the 
firm as “fit and proper” (on at least an annual basis). 
All persons performing designated senior management functions in AAISL and AAFSL must be approved by 
the FCA for those roles, and AAISL and AAFSL must allocate the applicable Prescribed Responsibilities between their 
Senior Managers. As such, they are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations for which they are personally accountable 
to the FCA. All relevant persons in the Holdco Group who are required to be approved under SMCR are appropriately 
registered with the FCA.  
The FCA has wide-ranging powers under FSMA and the SMCR to act against persons who fail to satisfy their 
regulatory obligations or who cease to be fit and proper, including (but not limited to) withdrawal of their approval, 
fines and other disciplinary actions.

--- Page 129 ---
109 
  
Brexit 
Under the terms of the EU Withdrawal Agreement, the UK withdrew from membership of the EU on 31 
January 2020. Despite the implementation of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement on 31 December 2020, 
there remains significant uncertainty as to future relations between the UK and the EU, including the legal rights and 
obligations for businesses in financial services industries not covered by the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. 
The final arrangements for financial services trade between the UK and EU remains unclear. Such uncertainty could 
negatively impact business and consumer confidence in the UK, which could lead to reduced levels of travel, and 
leisure travel in particular.  
As noted above, AAUIC is a Gibraltar company providing regulated insurance services into the UK. As the UK 
government is still negotiating the future relationship between the UK and the EU following Brexit, the full potential 
impact of Brexit on the UK in general and on the Group’s business is unclear. However, The UK government consulted 
in 2020 on the Gibraltar Authorisation Regime (“GAR”) to deliver on the government’s commitment to enable 
Gibraltar based financial services firms to continue accessing the United Kingdom market after the expiration of the 
transition period. Existing transitional arrangements have already been extended until 31 December 2021 and are 
expected to remain in place until the permanent arrangements of the GAR are implemented. The UK’s Financial 
Services Act 2021, the majority of which entered into force on 29 April 2021, provides for permanent market access 
through the GAR following the transitional arrangements. Gibraltar-based financial services firms will therefore be able 
to provide financial service in the United Kingdom as authorised persons without having obtained full authorisation 
from the FCA under FSMA. 
Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 
In the United Kingdom, the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended (the “1999 
Regulations”), together with (in so far as applicable) the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994 
(together with the 1999 Regulations, the “UTCCR”), applies to agreements made on or after 1 July 1995 but prior to 
1 October 2015 by a “consumer” within the meaning of the UTCCR, where the terms of such agreement have not been 
individually negotiated. Regulation 2 of the UTCCR revoked the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts 
Regulations 1994, which applied to agreements entered into between 1 July 1995 and 30 September 1999 and were 
replaced by the UTCCR. The Consumer Rights Act 2015 (the “CRA”) has revoked the UTCCR in respect of contracts 
made on or after 1 October 2015 but which largely retains the same unfair contract terms framework. The UTCCR or 
the CRA will apply to all consumer contracts entered into, or intermediated, by the AA group entities. 
The UTCCR and the CRA provide that a consumer may challenge a term in an agreement on the basis that it is 
“unfair” and, therefore, not binding on the consumer or for the regulator to take enforcement action to stop the use of 
terms which are considered to be unfair (although the rest of the agreement will remain enforceable if it is capable of 
continuing in existence without the unfair term). 
The UTCCR and the CRA will not generally affect terms which define the main subject matter of the contract, 
such as the borrower’s obligation to repay the principal (provided that these terms are written in plain and intelligible 
language and are drawn adequately to the consumer’s attention), but may affect terms that are not considered to be 
terms which define the main subject matter of the contract, such as terms imposing default charges or restricting refunds 
of fees if a customer cancels a service or settles early. For example, if a term permitting the lender to impose a default 
charge is found to be unfair, the borrower will not be liable to pay the default charge or, to the extent the borrower has 
paid it, will be able, as against the lender, or any assignee, to claim repayment of the default charge paid or to set-off the 
amount of the claim against the amount owing by the borrower under the loan or any other loan agreement the borrower 
has taken with the lender. 
The extremely broad and general wording of the UTCCR and the CRA makes any assessment of the fairness 
of terms largely subjective and makes it difficult to predict whether or not a term would be held by a court to be unfair. 
It is therefore possible that any credit agreements and insurance agreements covered by the UTCCR may contain unfair 
terms which may result in the possible unenforceability of the terms of the underlying agreements. 
COVID-19 
The FCA has issued various guidance on managing the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This 
includes guidance on how to treat vulnerable customers and to manage insurance claims. On 15 January 2021, the 
Supreme Court handed down its judgment on the COVID-19 business interruption test case brought by the FCA against 
certain insurers. The purpose of the test case was to determine issues of principle on policy coverage and causation 
under sample insurance wordings in the context of the business interruption losses suffered by businesses as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. The Supreme Court decision brings definitive guidance on the proper operation of cover 
under certain non-damage business interruption extensions and clarity to policyholders and insurers alike. The FCA 
published ‘Business interruption insurance test case: Finalised guidance for firms’.

--- Page 130 ---
110 
  
The FCA has stated that over the coming months, it will carry out supervisory multi firm work to look at how 
firms have adapted to the challenges and the outcomes received by consumers. If it sees significant issues, it will 
intervene. The regulated firms will also need to ensure they comply with any future guidance on managing potential 
customer claims and difficulties as COVID-19-related consumer support and guidance is withdrawn or adapted. 
Other industry developments 
The FCA has conducted a study of the way general insurance firms charge their customers for home and motor 
insurance. Following the study, the FCA published a further consultation; its final guidance was released in May 2021. 
It lays out various provisions intended to ensure effective competition and appropriate consumer protection in this area, 
which include: 
 
a ban on ‘price walking’ for home and motor insurance. Firms will need to offer a renewal price to 
consumers which is no greater than the equivalent new business price (“ENBP”) which a new 
customer would be offered. The ENBP will take into account any changes in the consumer’s risk 
information, so that it reflects their actual risk (whether this has increased or decreased since the start 
of the policy); 
 
rules to ensure that firms deliver fair value to their customers and have appropriate governance 
arrangements in place to monitor this. All general insurance and pure protection products will need to 
be reviewed at least annually, although more frequent reviews are required for products with a higher 
associated risk of not delivering fair value; 
 
provisions to ensure that consumers are provided with a range of accessible ways in which to opt out 
of auto-renewal of their policies. These rules apply to all types of retail insurance products; and 
 
requirements for annual reporting of pricing information for retail home and motor insurance. 
The new provisions on systems and controls, product governance, premium finance provisions and related 
changes will come into force on 1 October 2021. Pricing and auto-renewal remedies, reporting provisions and related 
changes will come into force on 1 January 2022, although there will be a transitional provision until 17 January 2022 
for the pricing and auto‑renewal disclosure rules. The Holdco Group will need to ensure it adapts its policy framework 
to ensure compliance with the FCA’s rules insofar as they affect its insurance and insurance intermediation activities. 
Overall, the business impact remains uncertain and it is also not possible to predict the behaviour of competitors in 
response to this changed regulatory landscape. While our Roadside business would not be directly affected, the pricing 
remedy would apply to additional products sold alongside home or motor insurance. Roadside is sold as a standalone 
product at the same time as home and motor insurance but is not connected with the home or motor insurance. 
However, there is a risk that Roadside sold at the same time as home or motor insurance might be deemed as an 
additional product and subject to the pricing remedy, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our 
profitability and results of operations.  
Sustainability, in particular climate change, is a growing source or regulatory intervention and pressure. The 
PRA has set out expectations that insurers should be identifying and managing the financial risks from climate change 
and responsibility for doing so should be allocated at board level. Similarly, management of sustainability risks is 
increasingly expected to be addressed in annual reports and other disclosures. Sustainability risk management is also 
increasingly important when seeking to raise finance, as lenders and investors are scrutinising firms’ risk management 
in relation to environmental, social and governance issues.

--- Page 131 ---
111 
  
MANAGEMENT 
Basing Topco Limited (“The AA”) 
Basing Topco is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with registered number 
132819. The address for all members of the board of directors (the “Board”) is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE4 9WG. The decision making for certain matters has been reserved for the Board, for example, the acquisition 
or disposal of any assets of the AA Group, the entry into or termination of any joint venture, and/or the acquisition or 
disposal of any property.  
The table below sets forth the name, age and current position of each member of the Board as of 31 May 2021. 
Name
Age
Position
Richard Haythornthwaite.....................................................
65
Chairman
Simon Breakwell..................................................................
56
Vice Chairman
Jakob Pfaudler......................................................................
49
Director
Adarsh Sarma.......................................................................
47
Director
Gordon Holmes....................................................................
52
Director
James O’Gara.......................................................................
36
Director
Joseph Knoll.........................................................................
42
Director
The following is a summary of the business experience of each member of the Board. 
Rick Haythornthwaite, Chairman, is one of the UK's most experienced and respected business leaders with a 
wealth of relevant experience, including as chairman, non-executive director, and CEO of some of the world's leading 
companies in the technology, financial services and industrial sectors. Rick is currently Chairman-Elect of Ocado plc, a 
role he will assume after the company's AGM in May. He was previously Chairman of Mastercard Inc., a position he 
retired from at the end of last year having joined just before the IPO of the company in 2006. Rick is also the chairman 
and co-founder of QiO Technologies Ltd, an advanced analytics and AI software company. He has previously served as 
CEO of listed companies Invensys plc and Blue Circle Industries plc. His other senior board appointments have 
included Cookson Group plc, Lafarge SA, Imperial Chemical Industries plc, Land Securities plc, Network Rail Limited, 
Better Regulation Commission and Centrica plc. 
Simon Breakwell, Vice Chairman, joined The AA on 17 September 2014 as a Non-Executive Director. He 
was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer on 1 August 2017 and was subsequently appointed as permanent 
Chief Executive Officer between 25 September 2017 and 14 April 2021. Simon brings significant digital and travel 
experience to the role. He was a Venture Partner at TCV, one of the leading global midcap funds and was Chairman or 
Non-Executive Director of various companies, including HomeAway Inc., OneFineStay, Believe Digital and Tiqets BV. 
Simon was a founder of Expedia, a startup within Microsoft, and he ran North American Operations. As President of 
Expedia International Inc, Simon started up and led the growth of the business in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa 
regions, including both the Hotels.com and Expedia brands. He joined Expedia as a main Board Director in 1996. More 
recently Simon was responsible for establishing the European operations for Uber.com. Simon stepped down as Chief 
Executive Officer on 14 April 2021 and now holds the position of Vice Chairman for The AA. 
Jakob Pfaudler, Chief Executive Officer of The AA, joined in April 2021. Jakob has been a transformative 
leader on FTSE 20 Executive Committee, with extensive experience in Retail Banking, Consumer Finance, Digital and 
Wealth Management. He has experience with people leadership at scale - 33,000 employees, across the UK’s largest 
branch network. Jakob led all the Personal and Business customer-facing activities under the Lloyds, Halifax and Bank 
of Scotland brands - with 2,000 branches, call centres, Customer Operations and Business Banking. He has chaired the 
Lloyds Banking Group Customer Committee, and has had non-executive director experience since 2016. 
Adarsh Sarma. Adarsh joined Warburg Pincus in 2005 and co-leads the European business. Prior to this, he 
led Technology investment activities in Europe. Adarsh is currently a Director of Fortius and Inspired Group. He also 
serves on the Board of Pratham USA, one of India’s largest not for-profit organizations. Adarsh has also been involved 
with Warburg Pincus’s investments in FIS/Metavante, InComm, EFS, Accelya, Bridgepoint Education, Liaison 
International, Stratford, NEOGOV, Wall Street Systems, ACAMS, MLM Information Services, and Avaloq. Mr. Sarma 
received a B.A. from Knox College, Phi Beta Kappa and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. 
Gordon Holmes. Gordon joined TowerBrook in 2010. He was previously a Managing Principal at Quadrangle 
Group, where he headed the firm’s London office. Prior to Quadrangle Group, he was a General Partner at Forstmann 
Little & Co., and he began his career at Goldman Sachs, where he worked in the firm’s London, New York and 
Singapore offices. Gordon has been involved with TowerBrook’s investments in Acacium Group, Haymarket Financial, 
Gravity Media Group, Van Dijk Education, ACPS Automotive, AustroCel Hallein, CapQuest and CarTrawler. Gordon

--- Page 132 ---
112 
  
earned his B.C.L. from University College Dublin in 1990 and received his M.B.A. from Stanford Business School in 
1995.  
James O’Gara. James joined Warburg Pincus in 2014 and focuses on investments in the Financial Services 
sector. He is currently a Director of McGill and Partners. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, Mr. O’Gara was an 
investment professional at H.I.G. Capital. James has also been involved with Warburg Pincus’s investments in Tilney 
Smith & Williamson, Max, Ionos, Santander Asset Management, Allfunds, and DBRS. He received a B.S. cum laude in 
Business Administration from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. with distinction from London Business School. 
Joseph Knoll. Joe joined TowerBrook in 2015. He was previously a Director of York Capital, where he 
helped build the European distressed and event-driven credit business as Head of European Restructurings. Prior to 
York Capital, he was a founding member of Morgan Stanley’s Principal Investment Group (“MSPI”). Joe has sat on 
numerous Boards, both Public and Private, on behalf of York & MSPI. Joe has been involved with TowerBrook’s 
investments in Azzurri, Aernnova, Swissport, Precis Capital, Law Finance Group, Gruppo Coin, Gravity Media Group, 
ACPS Automotive and GBA. Joe earned his B.S. from Yeshiva University and is a Trustee of City Year UK and a 
member of the Advisory Council of Black Women in Asset Management. 
AA Limited 
AA Limited is a private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 05149111 and registered address at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 
4EA, United Kingdom. AA Limited was previously known as AA plc. Following completion of the Acquisition, AA 
plc delisted from the London Stock Exchange on 10 March 2021 and was re-registered as a private limited company on 
17 March 2021. 
Senior Management 
The Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) take on all management and decision-making for the day to day 
running of the AA and The AA group of companies. Set forth below is information concerning the senior management 
of the AA Group as of 31 May 2021. 
Name
Age
Position
Jakob Pfaudler......................................................................
49
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Dangerfield(1).............................................................
54
Chief Financial Officer
David Coughlan................................................................... 
49
Managing Director, Insurance
Gareth Kirkwood(2)...............................................................
58
Managing Director, Roadside Services
Ollie Holden.........................................................................
48
Chief Information Officer
Louise Benford.....................................................................
47
Chief People Officer
Briony Horvath.....................................................................
42
Chief Risk Officer
(1) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
(2) 
Gareth Kirkwood will step down from his position at the end of 2021. 
In May 2021, the AA announced that a new role of Group Chief Operating Officer will be created, with the 
aim of driving the AA’s transformation agenda and exploiting the opportunity to connect to their different business 
lines. Martin Fleming has been appointed for this role and will join the AA in July 2021. 
Below is a summary of the business experience of our senior management, other than those senior managers 
listed below under “The Issuer” or above as a member of the Board.  
Kevin Dangerfield, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), joined the AA on 6 January 2020. Kevin is a qualified 
Chartered Accountant with over 25 years’ experience in a variety of industries including technology and manufacturing. 
Originally Coopers & Lybrand trained, Kevin has worked across a number of different listed and private equity backed 
entities. Prior to joining the AA, Kevin was CFO of Wilmcote Holdings PLC. Kevin also served as CFO for Laird 
Limited (previously Laird plc) and is currently a Non-Executive Director of Laird Limited’s parent company, AI 
Ladder Limited. Kevin was also CFO of Morgan Advanced Materials plc from 2006 until 2016, serving as Interim 
Chief Executive in 2015, and Chairman of the Audit Committee for e2v Technologies plc. 
David Coughlan, Managing Director, Insurance, joined the AA in June 2020. David has 30 years insurance 
industry experience and is an actuary by training. David has previously run consumer and commercial insurance 
businesses as well as performing lead technical roles in underwriting, pricing and claims. Most recently, David was 
Managing Director of Personal Lines at RSA where he was responsible for the insurance proposition to over four 
million customers. Prior to that, he held the Chief Underwriting Officer position for RSA Group and has also performed 
senior underwriting and pricing roles at Zurich and Aviva.

--- Page 133 ---
113 
  
Gareth Kirkwood, Managing Director, Roadside Services, joined the AA in November 2017. Gareth is 
responsible for ensuring the AA provides the highest standards of service to our customers from their first contact and 
then throughout their lifetime with the AA. This includes personal members and business customers as well as the 
Customer Operations teams. Gareth has more than 20 years’ experience at British Airways, including ten years in 
procurement, four years as Managing Director of one of its regional airlines, six years as Managing Director of its 
World Cargo division and two years as Director of Operations. He was also Chief Operating Officer of Daisy Group 
and Global Navigation Solutions. Most recently, Gareth led a successful transformation programme in Europe for 
HomeAway, a division of Expedia. 
Ollie Holden, Chief Information Officer, joined the AA in November 2017. Ollie is responsible for defining 
and implementing the IT strategy for the Group, including the delivery of the Capex change portfolio, shaping the 
digital transformation of the Group, and providing robust IT services to customers and employees. Ollie has more than 
20 years’ IT and transformation experience. As a senior manager within Accenture, he led a number of IT 
transformation programmes for financial services clients. He has held IT and change leadership positions at LV= and 
TalkTalk and has advised numerous companies on the improvement of their IT and change capabilities. 
Louise Benford, Chief People Officer, joined the AA in July 2020. Louise has significant HR experience 
working in highly regulated environments both in the UK and internationally. Louise has previous experience in leading 
transformational and cultural change, building high performing teams, talent management, employment engagement 
and employee communications. Louise was most recently UK HR Director at William Hill plc for four years where she 
led a number of strategic initiatives at a time of significant business transformation. Prior to that, Louise was Personal 
Lines HR Director at RSA. 
Briony Horvath, Chief Risk Officer, joined the AA in March 2020. She has extensive trustee, executive 
management and board experience gained within a range of institutions, from charities to global financial institutions. 
Before joining the AA, she was Risk and Compliance Director at Flagstone and Group Head of Compliance Operations 
at Prudential plc. She has a B.A. in Art History and Management from La Trobe University, Melbourne, and an MSc in 
Corporate Governance and Business Ethics from Birkbeck, University of London. Briony is also a Board Trustee of 
Hft, a charity providing support for people with learning disabilities. 
Martin Fleming, Group Chief Operating Officer, will join the AA in July 2020. Martin has twenty years of 
experience in financial services, and considerable board level experience across a number of countries including 
positions approved by regulators in both the UK and Spain. Before joining the AA, he held a number of senior roles at 
Lloyds Banking Group, including Mortgage Transformation Director for all brands in the Group and Managing Director 
of Scottish Widows. He was also Head of Finance, Distribution and Strategy for UK Retail at the NatWest Group. 
Martin has a BEng in Mechanical Engineering from the National University of Ireland, Galway and an MBA from 
INSEAD. He is also a Board Trustee of Volunteering Matters, the INSEAD Trust for European Management Education 
and the Industrial Liaison Board at the University of Edinburgh School of Engineering. 
Senior Management will continue to be responsible for the daily operations of the AA. In connection with the 
Acquisition, the Consortium gained the ability to appoint senior management. 
Committees 
The following committees have been established at the level of the AA group for the purposes of monitoring 
our activities. The information below is provided as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Audit and Risk Committee 
The Audit and Risk Committee performs two functions. It assists the Board of the AA in discharging its 
responsibilities with regard to financial reporting, external and internal audits and controls, including reviewing the 
AA’s annual and half yearly financial information, reviewing and monitoring the extent of the non audit work 
undertaken by external auditors, advising on the appointment of external auditors and reviewing the effectiveness of the 
AA’s internal audit activities, internal controls and risk management systems. The ultimate responsibility for reviewing 
and approving the annual report and accounts and the half yearly reports remains with the Board. It also plays a key 
oversight role for the board. Day to day management of risks is delegated to the Executive Directors of the Board and 
the process is monitored by the Audit and Risk Committee which then reports to the Board. 
The membership of the AA’s Audit and Risk Committee is as yet unconfirmed. James O’Gara is considered by 
the Board to have recent and relevant financial experience and has been appointed as the Chairman of the Audit and 
Risk Committee.

--- Page 134 ---
114 
  
The Audit and Risk Committee meets formally at least three times a year and otherwise as required. Other 
members of the AA’s senior management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Risk Officer among others, are invited to attend meetings as necessary. 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee assists the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation 
to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the AA’s policy on executive remuneration, 
determining the individual remuneration and benefits package of each of the Executive Directors and recommending 
and monitoring the remuneration of senior management below Board level. It also supports the Board in reviewing its 
composition, evaluating its performance and assisting with succession planning for the Board and Executive 
Committees. 
The membership of the AA’s Remuneration and Nomination Committee is as yet unconfirmed. Gordon 
Holmes has been appointed as the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
The Remuneration Committee meets formally at least twice a year and otherwise as required. Other members 
of the AA’s senior management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief People 
Officer, among others, are invited to attend meetings as necessary. 
Compensation  
In the year ended 31 January 2021, the aggregate total remuneration paid, including short-term employee 
benefits and share-based payments, to key management personnel (being those persons having authority and 
responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the AA Group) was £6 million.

--- Page 135 ---
115 
  
THE SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer and Borrower are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Holdco and Holdco is an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of AA Limited. AA Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Basing Bidco Limited (“Bidco”).   
Bidco is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey and is an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Basing Topco. 
Basing Topco is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey and is an indirect subsidiary 
of ConsortiumCo (as defined below). 
Bidco and Basing Topco are controlled by the Consortium through Basing Consortiumco Limited 
(“ConsortiumCo”), a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey. ConsortiumCo is owned in equal 
shares by (i) funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates (the “TowerBrook Funds”) and (ii) private equity funds 
managed by Warburg Pincus or its affiliates (the “Warburg Pincus Funds”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ConsortiumCo owns 84% of Basing Topco, with the remaining interest 
held by eligible shareholders of the AA as a result of the Acquisition. 
TowerBrook 
TowerBrook Capital Partners is a purpose-driven investment management firm headquartered in London and 
New York. The firm has raised in excess of $17.4 billion to date and invests in private equity and structured 
opportunities through its family of funds. As a disciplined investor with a commitment to fundamental value, the firm 
seeks to deliver superior, risk-adjusted returns to investors on a consistent and responsible basis. TowerBrook’s value 
creation strategy aims to transform the capabilities and prospects of the businesses in which it invests. TowerBrook is 
the first mainstream private equity firm to be certified as a B Corporation. B Corporation certification is administered 
by the non-profit B Lab organisation and is awarded to companies that demonstrate leadership in their commitment to 
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) standards and responsible business practices. 
Warburg Pincus 
Warburg Pincus is a leading global private equity firm focused on growth investing. Founded in 1966, the firm 
established its European headquarters in London over 30 years ago and has invested in excess of $12 billion in over 
100 European companies. The firm has a track record of investing in sectors that are relevant to the AA’s current 
business and future growth opportunities, including financial services, technology and business services. Within 
financial services, the team has experience across a diverse set of insurance businesses, from motor insurance, personal 
and commercial lines brokerage to life insurance. Notable investments include Arch Capital, Renaissance Re, ICICI 
Lombard, and Primerica Inc. In the business services and technology practices, the firm has significant expertise 
investing in the B2C auto-tech, logistics and tech-enabled mobility sectors. 
Warburg Pincus also has a long-standing track record of investing in the UK. Recent investments in the UK 
include Inmarsat, the world leader in global mobile satellite communications, Tilney Smith & Williamson, a leading 
wealth management firm, McGill & Partners, a specialty insurance broker, Community Fibre, a Fibre-to-the-Home 
broadband provider, and Inspired Education, a global premium schools group. 
Founded in 1966 and headquartered in New York, Warburg Pincus has raised 22 funds which have invested 
more than $90 billion in over 930 companies in more than 40 countries. The firm has more than $60 billion in private 
equity assets under management and an active portfolio of more than 200 companies, highly diversified by stage, sector 
and geography.

--- Page 136 ---
116 
  
THE ISSUER 
General  
The Issuer was incorporated and registered in Jersey on 14 May 2013 (with registered number 112992) as a 
public company of unlimited duration and with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The Issuer 
was initially formed to facilitate the refinancing of our business in that year through the WBS. The Issuer is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Holdco. The registered office of the Issuer is 22 Grenville Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX, 
Channel Islands and its telephone number is +44 1534 676000. The Issuer is resident for United Kingdom tax purposes 
in the United Kingdom. The memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer may be inspected at the registered 
office of the Issuer.  
Principal Activities  
The Issuer is organised as a special purpose company and its principal activities are the acquiring, holding and 
managing of its rights and assets under the Class A IBLAs and Class B IBLAs along with borrowing under the 
Liquidity Facility and entering into the Issuer Hedging Agreements.  
On or around 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into the Issuer Transaction Documents for the purpose of making 
a profit. The Issuer has no subsidiaries or employees.  
Directors and Company Secretary  
The directors and company secretary of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and principal 
activities are set out below. 
Name
Business Address
Principal Activities
Mourant Secretaries (Jersey) Limited ........................... 
22 Grenville Street, St Helier, 
Jersey JE4 8PX Channel Islands 
Secretary 
Kevin Dangerfield(1) ..................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Helena Whitaker ........................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
Marianne Neville .......................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director  
(1) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
The following is a summary of the business experience of the current board of directors of the Issuer.  
Kevin Dangerfield, Director, joined AA Limited on 6 January 2020. Kevin is a qualified Chartered 
Accountant with over 25 years’ experience in a variety of industries including technology and manufacturing. 
Originally Coopers & Lybrand trained, Kevin has worked across a number of different listed and private equity backed 
entities. Prior to joining the AA, Kevin was CFO of Wilmcote Holdings PLC. Kevin also served as CFO for Laird 
Limited (previously Laird plc) and is currently a Non-Executive Director of Laird Limited’s parent Company, AI 
Ladder Limited. Kevin was also CFO of Morgan Advanced Materials plc from 2006 until 2016, serving as Interim 
Chief Executive in 2015, and Chairman of the Audit Committee for e2v Technologies plc. 
Helena Whitaker, Director, is the Head of UK Capital Markets at Intertrust, and responsible for business 
development, transaction management and governance services in the capital markets UK service line. She has over 20 
years’ experience of corporate service provision of which 13 working in the capital markets business of Intertrust. Prior 
to Intertrust she was Head of Corporate Legal in a corporate services professional practice, Group Company Secretary 
in international wholesale businesses and her experience also covers the charitable sector where she was the chairman 
of trustees of an educational charity. By profession, she is a qualified chartered secretary (FCIS).

--- Page 137 ---
117 
  
Marianne Neville, Director, is the Group Financial Controller at the AA, having worked there in various 
financial roles since June 2010. She has almost 20 years’ experience of corporate finances. Prior to the AA, Marianne 
worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers. By profession, she is a chartered accountant. 
The directors receive no remuneration from the Issuer for their services. The directors of the Issuer may 
engage in other activities and have other directorships. As a matter of Jersey law, each director is under a duty to act 
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interest of the Issuer, regardless of any other directorship he or she 
may hold.  
None of the directors of the Issuer has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and 
their private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
The Issuer is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom.  
Share Capital  
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco and its authorised share capital is £10,000, divided into 
10,000 ordinary shares of £1.00 each, two of which are issued and fully paid. Since the date of incorporation, no options 
to acquire shares have been issued or authorised. Since its incorporation up to the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer has not paid any dividends. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain negative 
covenants, which ensure that the control of the Issuer by Holdco is not abused.  
Auditors  
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the independent auditors of the Issuer 
were PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. 
PwC is registered to carry out audit work by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
Financials  
The most recent audited financial statements of the Issuer (the “Issuer Financials”), which are for the 
financial year ended 31 January 2021, are available to be inspected and obtained at the Issuer’s registered office at 22 
Grenville Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX, Channel Islands. The Issuer Financials are incorporated by reference to this 
Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.

--- Page 138 ---
118 
  
BORROWER 
General  
The Borrower was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 
29 December 2005 as a private limited company with number 05663655. The Borrower’s registered office is at Fanum 
House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The 
memorandum and articles of association of the Borrower may be inspected at the registered office of the Borrower.  
Principal Activities  
The Borrower was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in 
connection with being, a holding company, along with borrowing under the Class A IBLAs, the Class B IBLAs, the 
Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility and the Liquidity Facility and entering into the Borrower Hedging 
Agreements.  
The Borrower does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group and, therefore, the 
ability of the Borrower to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of dividends from its sole direct 
subsidiary, AA Corporation Limited, and receiving payments from certain other members of the Holdco Group under 
intercompany loans.  
Directors  
The directors of the Borrower and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below.  
Name
Business Address
Principal Activities
 
 
 
Marianne Neville ..............................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Kevin Dangerfield(1) .........................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
(1) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Kevin Dangerfield and “The Issuer” for a 
summary of the business experience of Marianne Neville. 
None of the directors of the Borrower has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to the Borrower 
and their private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control  
The Borrower is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom.  
Share Capital  
The Borrower is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Acquisition Co Limited and its issued share capital is £1, 
divided into one £1 share. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain negative 
covenants, which ensure that the control of the Borrower by AA Acquisition Co Limited is not abused.  
Auditors  
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the independent auditors of the Borrower 
were PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a 
registered auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 
to practise in England and Wales. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited the Borrower’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 31 January 
2020 and 31 January 2021.

--- Page 139 ---
119 
  
HOLDCO 
General  
Holdco was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 9 June 2004 
as a private limited company with number 05148845. Holdco’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing View, 
Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum and articles of 
association of Holdco may be inspected at the registered office of Holdco. 
Principal Activities 
Holdco was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in 
connection with being, a holding company. 
Holdco does not own or operate any of the operating assets of the Holdco Group. Consequently, the ability of 
Holdco to meet its financial obligations is dependent on the receipt of dividends from its sole subsidiary, AA 
Acquisition Co Limited. 
Directors  
The directors of Holdco and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name  
Business Address  
Principal Activities  
Marianne Neville ..............................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Kevin Dangerfield(1) .........................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
(1) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Kevin Dangerfield and “The Issuer” for a 
summary of the business experience of Marianne Neville. 
None of the directors of Holdco has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to Holdco and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
Holdco is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
Holdco is a wholly owned subsidiary of Topco and its issued share capital is £260,893,049, divided into 
260,893,049 £1 shares. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the independent auditors of Holdco were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a registered 
auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to practise 
in England and Wales. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited Holdco’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 
31 January 2021.

--- Page 140 ---
120 
  
TOPCO 
General  
Topco was incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 and registered in England and Wales on 30 March 
2004 as a private limited company with number 05088289. Topco’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing View, 
Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum and articles of 
association of Topco may be inspected at the registered office of Topco. 
Principal Activities 
Topco was established as a private limited company and its principal activities are acting as, and in connection 
with being, a holding company. 
Topco does not have any financial obligations to Class A Noteholders. 
Directors  
The directors of Topco and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name
Business Address
Principal Activities  
Marianne Neville ..............................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
 
 
Kevin Dangerfield(1) .........................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
 
 
 
(1) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
See “Management” for a summary of the business experience of Kevin Dangerfield and “The Issuer” for a 
summary of the business experience of Marianne Neville. 
None of the directors of Topco has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to Topco and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
Topco is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
Topco is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Limited and its issued share capital is £46,293,704.41, divided into 
4,629,370,441 £0.01 shares. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the independent auditors of Topco were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a registered 
auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to practise 
in England and Wales. PwC has audited Holdco’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards in the UK for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021.

--- Page 141 ---
121 
  
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED 
General  
Automobile Association Developments Limited (“AADL”) was incorporated under the Companies Act 1945 
to 1981 and registered in England and Wales on 18 January 1985 (with registered number 1878835) as a private 
company with limited liability. The registered office of AADL is Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, RG21 4EA 
and its telephone number is +44 345 607 6727. The memorandum and articles of association of AADL may be 
inspected at the registered office of AADL. 
Principal Activities 
The principal activities of AADL are the provision of Roadside Assistance and the management of AA’s 
driving instructor franchise operations.  
The provision of Roadside Assistance was transferred to AADL from The Automobile Association Limited 
(“TAAL”) which was incorporated and registered in Jersey (with registered number 73356) on 20 January 1999. TAAL 
is now a dormant company.  
Directors  
The directors of AADL and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name  
Business Address  
Principal Activities  
Jakob Pfaudler ...................................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Gareth Kirkwood(1) ...........................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
Kevin Dangerfield(2) .........................................................  
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
(1) 
Gareth Kirkwood will step down from his position at the end of 2021. 
(2) 
In May 2021, the AA announced that the current Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Dangerfield, will step down from his position at the end 
of September 2021. The AA is currently in the process of recruiting a replacement for the position of Chief Financial Officer. 
None of the directors of AADL has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to AADL and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
AADL is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom. 
Share Capital 
AADL is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Corporation Limited and its issued share capital is £100,000, 
divided into 100,000 £1 ordinary shares. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain 
negative covenants, which ensure that the control of AADL by AA Corporation Limited is not abused.  
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the independent auditors of AADL were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a registered 
auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to practise 
in England and Wales. PwC has audited Holdco’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards in the UK for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021.

--- Page 142 ---
122 
  
AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION INSURANCE SERVICES LIMITED 
General  
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited (“AAISL”) was incorporated under the Companies Act 
1985 and registered in England and Wales on 17 August 1989 as a private limited company with number 02414212. 
AAISL’s registered office is at Fanum House, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EA and its telephone 
number is +44 8705448866. The memorandum and articles of association of AAISL may be inspected at the registered 
office of AAISL. 
Principal Activities 
AAISL was established as a private limited company and its principal activity is the provision of insurance 
intermediary services. AAISL is authorised and regulated as a General Insurance Intermediary by the FCA. 
Directors  
The directors of AAISL and their respective business addresses and principal activities are set out below. 
Name 
  
Business Address 
  
Principal Activities 
  
 
Janet Connor ......................................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Timothy Holliday .................................................................. 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
Phil Bunker ........................................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
David Coughlan .................................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
Gareth Kirkwood(1) ............................................................... 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom 
Director 
Cathryn Riley ........................................................................ 
Fanum House 
Basing View, Basingstoke 
Hampshire RG21 4EA 
United Kingdom
Director 
(1) 
Gareth Kirkwood will step down from his position at the end of 2021. 
None of the directors of AAISL has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to AAISL and their 
private interest or other duties as listed above. 
Management and Control 
AAISL is managed and controlled in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 143 ---
123 
  
Share Capital 
AAISL is a wholly owned subsidiary of AA Corporation Limited and its issued share capital is £19,000,000, 
divided into 19,000,000 £1 shares. There are measures in place in the Transaction Documents, including certain 
negative covenants, which ensure that control of AAISL by AA Corporation Limited is not abused.  
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 31 January 2021 and 31 January 2020, the auditors of AAISL were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with registered office of 1 Embankment Place, London, WC2N 6RH. PwC is a registered 
auditor and is authorised by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to practise 
in England and Wales. PwC has audited Holdco’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards in the UK for the financial years ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021.

--- Page 144 ---
124 
  
SUMMARY OF THE COMMON DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal documents relating to the transactions 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
General overview 
The Senior Finance Parties (which includes the Issuer) all benefit from common terms set out in the CTA 
under their relevant debt instrument. The Junior Finance Parties are not party to the CTA but have their own terms as 
set out in the relevant Class B Authorised Credit Facility. The Senior Finance Parties and the Junior Finance Parties 
benefit from a common security package granted by the Borrower, Holdco and certain of Holdco’s subsidiaries (as 
Obligors under the CTA). It is a requirement of the CTA that any future provider of a Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility must accede to and be bound by the terms of the CTA (see “—Common Terms Agreement” below). Any future 
provider of any Authorised Credit Facility must also accede to the intercreditor arrangements contained in the STID 
(see “—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” below). The Issuer, as provider of each loan to the Borrower 
corresponding to the proceeds of an issuance of Class A Notes or Class B Notes, will also be party to and be bound by 
the CTA (in respect of the Class A Notes only) and the STID. 
The CTA sets out the common terms applicable to each Class A IBLA and each other Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (other than each Liquidity Facility, each Borrower Hedging Agreement and each OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement) into which the Borrower enters. Save for certain limited exceptions, no Senior Finance Party can have 
additional representations, covenants, trigger events or loan events of default beyond the common terms deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into their Class A Authorised Credit Facilities through their execution of, or accession to, the 
CTA. 
The STID regulates among other things: (i) the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors; (ii) the exercise and 
enforcement of rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors; and (iii) the giving of instructions, consents and waivers and, in 
particular, the basis on which votes of the Obligor Secured Creditors will be counted. 
All agreements listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be 
governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Common Terms Agreement 
General 
The Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Borrower, 
the Original Obligors, the Holdco Group Agent, the Cash Manager and the Borrower Account Bank, among others, 
entered into the CTA on 2 July 2013. The CTA sets out the representations, covenants (positive, negative and financial), 
Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default that apply to each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including for the 
avoidance of doubt each Class A IBLA and any other document entered into in connection with a Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility, but excluding any Hedging Agreement and OCB Secured Hedging Agreement). 
It is a term of the CTA that any representation, covenant, Trigger Event or CTA Event of Default contained in 
any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than any Liquidity Facility Agreement, Hedging Agreement and OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreement) which is in addition to those in the CTA will be unenforceable (save for limited 
exceptions which, among other things, include tax representations and covenants relating to “know your customer” 
checks, the delivery of documents to allow payments to be made without deduction of Tax, the purpose of the relevant 
facility, provisions as to illegality, information undertakings, indemnities, covenants to pay, voluntary prepayments, 
cash sweep, equity cure rights, mandatory prepayments or mandatory “clean-down” provisions (other than upon or 
following the occurrence of any event of default howsoever worded in a Class A Authorised Credit Facility) and 
covenants relating to remuneration, costs and expenses) unless they are also offered to all of the parties to the CTA on 
the same basis and for the duration of the relevant facility. In addition, subject to certain conditions, further 
representations, covenants, Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default may be included where they are extended to all 
of the Senior Finance Parties including the Issuer. 
It is a requirement of the CTA that future providers of Class A Authorised Credit Facilities and other Senior 
Finance Parties accede to the CTA, the Master Definitions Agreement and the STID. 
The CTA contains certain indemnities of the Obligors to the Senior Finance Parties in respect of losses caused, 
inter alia, by CTA Events of Default. 
A summary of the representations, covenants, Trigger Events and CTA Events of Default included in the CTA 
is set out below.

--- Page 145 ---
125 
  
Representations 
On the date on which any new Class A Authorised Credit Facility Agreement (including any Class A IBLA) is 
entered into, each Obligor will make a number of representations in respect of itself and if applicable, its Subsidiaries to 
each Senior Finance Party. These representations include (subject, in some cases, to agreed exceptions and 
qualifications as to materiality and reservations of law) representations as to: 
(a) 
its due incorporation, valid existence, power and authority to own its assets and carry on its business 
as it is being conducted; 
(b) 
power to enter into, deliver and perform the Senior Finance Documents and other Transaction 
Documents; 
(c) 
all Authorisations required to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and perform its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents and make them admissible in evidence in certain relevant 
proceedings are in effect or will be obtained before the Closing Date and all Authorisations required 
for the conduct of its and its Subsidiaries’ business including the Permitted Business have been 
obtained or effected and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
its obligations under the Senior Finance Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable; 
(e) 
no conflict with laws, regulations, regulatory or governmental clearances, licences, constitutional 
documents and other documents; 
(f) 
ownership or licensing of material intellectual property that is required for its business; 
(g) 
maintenance of insurance and matters relating to insurance companies and captive insurers; 
(h) 
good, valid and marketable title and valid leases or licences and authorisations to use the assets 
necessary to carry on their business including the Permitted Business as presently conducted; 
(i) 
absence of Insolvency Events; 
(j) 
absence of CTA Defaults and Trigger Events; 
(k) 
matters relating to Taxes; 
(l) 
the accuracy and completeness of certain information including financial statements and information 
contained in each Information Memorandum or Information Package; 
(m) 
that certain models, financial forecasts and projections were arrived at after careful consideration and 
prepared in good faith and based on reasonable assumptions and recent historic information; 
(n) 
the absence of any contingent liabilities or commitments not disclosed in relevant financial 
statements; 
(o) 
all occupational pension schemes are funded in accordance with applicable law and that no warning 
notice, contribution notice or Financial Support Direction has been made and the Holdco Group is not 
currently required to contribute to the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme 
in excess of the amounts disclosed in writing prior to the Closing Date; 
(p) 
the Holdco Group structure chart supplied as part of the conditions precedent is true, accurate and 
complete; 
(q) 
the choice of governing law to govern the Senior Finance Documents and enforcement of judgements; 
(r) 
matters relating to centre of main interest; 
(s) 
matters relating to compliance with laws, regulations, licences including environmental compliance, 
anti- money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions compliance and compliance with ERISA, Margin 
Regulations and the United States Investment Company Act; 
(t) 
the absence of litigation, arbitration, administrative proceedings or environmental claims; 
(u) 
ranking of claims;

--- Page 146 ---
126 
  
(v) 
no security over assets of the Holdco Group other than Permitted Security and no financial 
indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness; 
(w) 
the shares of any member of the Holdco Group subject to security are fully paid and not subject to 
any option to purchase or similar rights; 
(x) 
the security granted by the Obligor Security Documents has the ranking expressed in those documents 
and is not subject to any prior ranking or pari passu ranking; 
(y) 
matters relating to Holding Companies; and 
(z) 
matters relating to the status of Material Companies as Obligors on the Closing Date and compliance 
with the Obligor Coverage Test. 
On each Payment Date, on each date of a request for a borrowing and, on the first date on which any 
Utilisation is made, after the Closing Date each Obligor shall make certain repeating representations (the “Repeated 
Representations”). An Obligor acceding to a Class A Authorised Credit Facility shall make the Repeated 
Representations on the date of such accession. 
Covenants 
The CTA contains certain covenants from each of the Obligors. A summary of the covenants is set out below. 
Information Covenants 
Financial Statements 
(a) 
The Holdco Group Agent undertakes to supply to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, 
and any Facility Agent, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, the Rating Agency and the Class A Note Trustee 
and, if requested by the Obligor Security Trustee, in sufficient copies for all Obligor Senior Secured Creditors: 
(i) 
consolidated audited Annual Financial Statements of Holdco prepared as if the members of the 
Holdco Group and the Issuer constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes, and related 
accountants’ reports, as soon as they are available but in any event within 150 days after the end of 
each Financial Year; 
(ii) 
consolidated unaudited Semi-Annual Financial Statements of Holdco prepared as if the members of 
the Holdco Group and the Issuer constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes for the first 
financial half year in each Financial Year, as soon as they are available but in any event within 
90 days after the end of such financial half year; and 
(iii) 
annual Financial Statements of each member of the Holdco Group representing 5% or more of the 
EBITDA of the Holdco Group (audited to the extent available), as soon as they are available but in 
any event within 150 days after the end of each of its Financial Years. 
(b) 
The Holdco Group Agent must ensure that: 
(i) 
each set of Financial Statements is prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles and 
includes a cashflow statement, a profit and loss statement and a balance sheet and gives a true and fair 
view of or, in the case of any unaudited Semi-Annual Financial Statement, fairly presents its financial 
condition (consolidated or otherwise) as at the date to which those Financial Statements were drawn 
up and of the results of its operations during such period; 
(ii) 
it notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any material change to the basis on which its audited 
consolidated Annual Financial Statements and the unaudited consolidated Semi-Annual Financial 
Statements of Holdco are prepared (including a change of the Accounting Principles or the accounting 
practices) and deliver a description of any change necessary to be made for those financial statements 
to reflect the Accounting Principles or accounting practices upon which the Original Financial 
Statements were prepared and sufficient information to determine the calculation of the financial 
ratios and Excess Cashflow in respect of any relevant period and to make an accurate comparison 
between the financial position indicated in those financial statements and the Original Financial 
Statements; 
(iii) 
if the change could reasonably be expected to result in a deviation above 5% from the result of the 
calculation of the relevant financial ratio or Excess Cashflow, the Holdco Group Agent shall (or if the

--- Page 147 ---
127 
  
deviation could reasonably be expected to result in a deviation above 3% it may) appoint an 
international firm of auditors to determine the amendments required to be made to the relevant 
financial ratios and associated definitions. Prior to the Holdco Group Agent appointing such auditors, 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall, if directed in accordance with the STID, enter into discussions 
with a view to agreeing any amendments required to be made to the financial ratios and associated 
definitions and the definition of Excess Cashflow to place the Holdco Group and the Obligor Security 
Trustee in a comparable position. 
Notification of CTA Default or Trigger Event 
(c) 
Unless the Obligor Security Trustee has already been so notified by another Obligor, each Obligor (or the 
Holdco Group Agent on its behalf) must notify the Obligor Security Trustee of any CTA Default or Trigger 
Event under the Senior Finance Documents relating to it (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) 
promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence. 
Compliance Certificate 
(d) 
The Holdco Group Agent shall supply to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, and any 
Facility Agent, the Issuer, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties and the Rating Agency a Compliance 
Certificate (i) with each set of Financial Statements of Holdco; (ii) not less than 5 Business Days prior to 
Holdco Group entering into an Authorised Credit Facility referred to in the definition of “Additional Financial 
Indebtedness”; and (iii) upon completion of a Qualifying Public Offering. 
(e) 
Such Compliance Certificate shall include (i) the Class A FCF DSCR and calculations thereof in reasonable 
detail; (ii) the maximum amount of Permitted Investor Payments that may be made in the 90 days following 
the date of required delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate (including calculations in reasonable detail 
demonstrating that the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as at the most recent Test Date to EBITDA in respect of 
the Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro forma for any payment of such maximum amount 
would not exceed 5.5:1); (iii) in respect of any Additional Financial Indebtedness proposed to be incurred, the 
Class A FCF DSCR and (if required by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness”) 
the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt to EBITDA (in each case calculated on a pro forma basis as provided for in 
that definition) and calculations thereof in reasonable detail confirming that the requirements of that definition 
are met; (iv) in respect of a Qualifying Public Offering, the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA (calculated as 
provided in the definition of “Qualifying Public Offering”) and calculations thereof in reasonable detail, (v) 
with each set of Annual Financial Statements, the amount and calculations in reasonable detail of the Excess 
Cashflow for the applicable Financial Year; (vi) with each set of Annual Financial Statements confirmation of 
the Holdco Group’s compliance with the Obligor Coverage Test; (vii) with each set of Annual Financial 
Statements, a list of the Material Companies; (viii) with each set of Financial Statements, the amount of 
Retained Excess Cashflow as at the date of the relevant Compliance Certificate; (ix) details of any payments 
made out of Retained Excess Cashflow in the period since the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate 
delivered with a set of Financial Statements and used to fund: (i) any Permitted Acquisition under paragraph 
(d) of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition”; (ii) any Permitted Joint Venture Investment; (iii) any other 
amounts referenced in paragraphs (b) to (m) of the definition of “Excess Cashflow” to the extent funded from 
Retained Excess Cashflow (and not already separately reported in the relevant Compliance Certificate); (iv) 
any Permitted Investor Payment; (v) any payment in respect of a Class B Authorised Credit Facility permitted 
under the CTA and Class A IBLA; and (vi) any loan made pursuant to paragraph (k) of the definition of 
“Permitted Loan”, in each case to be set out separately and in aggregate; (x) with each set of Financial 
Statements summary details of any acquisition or disposal of Subsidiaries, subsidiary undertakings or interest 
in any Joint Venture by any member of the Holdco Group and of any company or business or material asset 
disposals by any member of the Holdco Group, in each case since the previously delivered Compliance 
Certificate (or, if none, the Closing Date); (xi) with each set of Financial Statements, confirmation that the 
Holdco Group is in compliance with the clean down provisions in any Working Capital Facility insofar as such 
provisions required a clean down during the relevant period; (xii) confirmation that the statements in such 
Compliance Certificate is accurate in all material respects; (xiii) confirmation that no CTA Default or Trigger 
Event has occurred or is continuing, or if a CTA Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
steps (which shall be specified) being taken to remedy such CTA Default or Trigger Event; and (xiv) 
confirmation that the Holdco Group is in compliance with the Hedging Policy. 
The Obligor Security Trustee may, acting on the written instructions of the Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Creditors holding an aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of at least 20% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities then outstanding challenge a statement(s), calculation(s) or 
ratio(s) in a Compliance Certificate and call for other substantiating evidence. An independent expert may be appointed 
by the Obligor Security Trustee (in consultation with the Holdco Group Agent) to investigate the statement(s), 
calculation(s) or ratio(s) challenged. No Obligor may make a Restricted Payment during the period (i) starting on (and

--- Page 148 ---
128 
  
including) the date on which a Compliance Certificate is delivered and ending on (and excluding) the date falling 15 
Business Days from such date; and (ii) in the event that the Compliance Certificate is challenged by the Obligor 
Security Trustee in accordance with the provisions above, the period starting on (and including) the date of the 
challenge until the earlier of: (A) the date on which investigations in respect of the challenge are completed to the 
reasonable satisfaction of the Obligor Security Trustee; (B) the date on which the independent expert appointed to 
investigate such statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) announces its conclusions that the relevant statement(s) or 
calculation(s) or ratio(s) that were the subject of the challenge were not materially inaccurate or misleading in a manner 
that resulted in there being no subsistence of a Trigger Event; and (C) 2 Business Days after a re-stated Compliance 
Certificate which is accurate in all material respects (taking into account the findings of the independent expert (if 
applicable)) has been delivered. 
Investor Report 
(f) 
The Holdco Group Agent (on behalf of each Obligor) must supply, at the same time as a Compliance 
Certificate is provided, to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, and any Facility Agent, the 
Issuer, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, the Rating Agency and the Class A Note Trustee, and if requested 
by the Obligor Security Trustee, in sufficient copies for all of the relevant Obligor Senior Secured Creditors 
and Issuer Secured Creditors, an Investor Report. 
(g) 
Each Investor Report must include (i) the Class A FCF DSCR and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; (ii) 
if any Permitted Investor Payments have been made since the date of the immediately preceding Investor 
Report (or, if none, since the Closing Date), the amount of such Permitted Investor Payments and calculations 
in reasonable detail demonstrating that the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as at the relevant Test Date to 
EBITDA in respect of the Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro forma for such Permitted 
Investor Payment did not exceed 5.5; (iii) if any Additional Financial Indebtedness was incurred since the date 
of the immediately preceding Investor Report (or, if none, since the Closing Date), the Class A FCF DSCR and 
(if required by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness”) the ratio of Total Class 
A Net Debt to EBITDA in each case calculated on a pro forma basis as provided for in the definition of 
“Additional Financial Indebtedness” and calculations thereof in reasonable detail confirming that the 
requirements of the definition were met; (iv) if a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred since the date of the 
last Investor Report, the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA (calculated as provided in the definition of 
“Qualifying Public Offering”) and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; (v) when delivered with each set of 
Annual Financial Statements, the amount and calculation in reasonable detail of Excess Cashflow for the 
applicable Financial Year; (vi) when delivered with each set of Financial Statements, the amount of Retained 
Excess Cashflow as at the date of the relevant Investor Report; (vii) when delivered at the same time as the 
Annual Financial Statements (a) a confirmation of Holdco Group’s compliance with the Obligor Coverage 
Test, (b) a list of the Material Companies; and (viii) when delivered with each set of Financial Statements a 
general update of the following including narrative and details of any key changes: (A) a general overview of 
the Permitted Business; (B) details of any material regulatory changes and business developments; (C) details 
of any Capital Expenditure (excluding Maintenance Capital Expenditure) in an amount exceeding £5,000,000 
(Indexed) (or equivalent in other currency or currencies); (D) details of the current financing position; (E) 
summary details of any acquisitions or disposals in each case in an amount exceeding £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or 
equivalent in other currency or currencies); and (F) summary of the current hedging position, and (ix) 
confirmation that (A) the contents of the Investor Report is accurate in all material respects; (B) no CTA 
Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, or if a CTA Default or Trigger Event has occurred 
and is continuing, the steps (which shall be specified) being taken to remedy such CTA Default or Trigger 
Event; and (C) the Holdco Group is in compliance with the Hedging Policy. 
Annual Investor Call and Annual Presentation 
(h) 
The Holdco Group Agent must hold annually an open one-way investor update conference call with the 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders for the purpose of senior management 
addressing the information contained in the most recent Investor Report. 
(i) 
The Holdco Group Agent must hold each year a presentation on the ongoing business and financial 
performance of the Holdco Group made by at least one director of the Holdco Group Agent to the Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors. 
Pensions Update 
(j) 
The Holdco Group Agent shall promptly notify the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agency of (i) prior 
to the ABF Implementation Date, (x) any material amendments to the agreed form term sheet for the ABF or 
any material delay in, or a decision not to proceed with, the implementation of the ABF, and (y) at the 
reasonable request of the Obligor Security Trustee, any information in relation to the status of the discussions

--- Page 149 ---
129 
  
with the AA UK Pension Trustee, in relation to the ABF, in each case save that at no time shall any member of 
the Holdco Group be required to disclose information which is confidential or could materially and adversely 
impact on the conduct of any negotiations with the AA UK Pension Trustee; and (ii) details of any actual or 
proposed changes to the schedule of contributions or any other financial support proposed to be put in place for 
the AA UK Pension Scheme which has the effect of increasing such contributions or other financial support by 
more than £10,000,000 per annum or for the AA Ireland Pension Scheme which has the effect of increasing 
such contributions or other financial support by more than €5,000,000 per annum. 
Prospectus 
(k) 
Each Obligor shall ensure that the Prospectus of the Issuer is updated as required under applicable laws or 
market practice before the Issuer seeks to issue any further series or tranches of Class A Notes after the 
validity period following the filing of the latest update (or, if none, the original filing of the Prospectus) has 
expired. 
Obligor Information 
(l) 
Subject to any duty of confidentiality and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, each Obligor must 
supply to the Obligor Security Trustee and any Facility Agent: 
(i) 
all documents despatched by it to its creditors generally or any class of them at the same time as they 
are dispatched; 
(ii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current or threatened in writing against any 
Obligor where such proceedings are reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so 
determined, would or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(iii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any insurance claims in 
respect of a loss that exceeds £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent in other currencies); 
(iv) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, details of any investigation or 
proceeding with, from or involving any regulator or other Governmental Authority into the activities 
of the Holdco Group which are reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so determined, 
would or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(v) 
such material information about the business and financial condition of the Holdco Group and the 
Issuer which can be requested by the Obligor Security Trustee on the instructions of Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Creditors (acting reasonably) holding at least 20% by value of the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities, provided that, at any time when no CTA Event of Default or Trigger Event 
has occurred and is subsisting, a maximum of one such request for information may be made, in any 
12 month period save that nothing shall oblige any Obligor to disclose any information which in its 
reasonable opinion is commercially sensitive information; 
(vi) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware thereof details of any material risk to the 
preservation and maintenance of the Intellectual Property; 
(vii) 
any proposed amendments to the Senior Finance Documents which are subject to the amendment 
regime set out in the STID; and 
(viii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware thereof details of any downgrade action by 
the Rating Agency in respect of the Class A Notes. 
(m) 
If any duty of confidentiality would preclude disclosure of the relevant details to the Obligor Security Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, and any Facility Agent, the Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the Holdco Group Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours to obtain the 
consent (where relevant) of the applicable third-party to such disclosure on the basis that such information 
shall be kept confidential by each such recipient and shall not be disclosed by any such recipient for so long as 
such information remains confidential. 
(n) 
In addition, the Holdco Group Agent shall maintain an open investor website (the “Designated Website”) on 
which information to be provided pursuant to the CTA to the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured 
Creditors shall be published. Notwithstanding the foregoing the Holdco Group Agent may designate a third-
party to operate and manage the Designated Website on its behalf. Holdco Group Agent must promptly upon 
becoming aware of its occurrence, notify the Obligor Security Trustee and the Class A Note Trustee if the

--- Page 150 ---
130 
  
Designated Website cannot be accessed or the Designated Website or any information on it is infected by any 
electronic virus or similar software for a period of 5 Business Days, in which case the Obligors must supply 
the Obligor Security Trustee and the Class A Note Trustee with all information required under the CTA in 
paper form with copies as requested by any Senior Finance Party or any Issuer Secured Creditor. 
(o) 
Each Obligor must provide any Authorised Credit Provider with information necessary to comply with “know 
your customer” or similar identification procedures where the information is not already available to it. 
Financial Covenants and Equity Cure 
(a) 
Subject to the Equity Cure below, the Holdco Group Agent shall ensure that the Class A FCF DSCR in respect 
of each Test Period shall not be less than the Class A Default Ratio Level. 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
a Compliance Certificate delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee for any period shows that as at a 
Test Date, the Class A FCF DSCR is less than the Class A Default Ratio Level; 
(ii) 
within the period of 30 days after the required date for delivery of a Compliance Certificate showing 
the non-compliance with the requirements of paragraph (a) above, a New Shareholder Injection or 
Investor Funding Loan is made and the Borrower applies the amount of such New Shareholder 
Injection or Investor Funding Loan (the “Equity Cure Amount”): 
(A) 
unless a Trigger Event (other than as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements 
of paragraph (a) above in respect of which the Equity Cure is being effected) is subsisting at 
that time, at the discretion of the Borrower to permanently repay, prepay, defease (by way of 
credit to the Defeasance Account) or purchase any Class A Notes and/or any amounts 
outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility 
and any Hedging Agreement) and to pay any related swap termination amounts under any 
Hedging Agreements, break costs and redemption premia payable in connection therewith; or 
(B) 
if a Trigger Event (other than as a result of the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of which the 
Equity Cure is being effected) is subsisting at that time, pro rata as provided for in paragraph 
(c) (“—Trigger Events—Voluntary Prepayment”), below; and 
(iii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the relevant Test Period, recalculated assuming the application of the 
Equity Cure Amount had taken place at the beginning of the relevant Test Period, is not less than the 
Class A Default Ratio Level, 
then for all purposes thereafter (including, without limitation, as to any determination of the occurrence of a 
CTA Event of Default) the Class A FCF DSCR as at the relevant Test Date shall be deemed to have been the same as 
the Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR (the “Equity Cure”). For this purpose “Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR” 
means the Class A FCF DSCR for the relevant Test Period calculated assuming that the transactions funded by the 
relevant Equity Cure Amount referred to in this paragraph took place at the beginning of the relevant Test Period. 
(c) 
The Obligor Security Trustee must, as soon as is reasonably practicable after being so requested but in any 
event not earlier than the Business Day immediately following the relevant Test Date, consent to the release of 
funds from the Defeasance Account (deposited in the Defeasance Account) if and to the extent that, following 
such release, the Class A FCF DSCR (disregarding the Equity Cure Amount (if any), requested to be so 
released) remains at or greater than the Class A Default Ratio Level (as certified by the Holdco Group Agent 
in the Compliance Certificate to be provided in connection with such relevant Test Date). 
(d) 
No more than three Equity Cures may occur in any rolling period of five Financial Years ending after the 
Closing Date and no Equity Cures may be made in respect of any consecutive Test Periods. 
General Covenants 
Pursuant to the CTA, the Obligors have given covenants which are customary for a financing of this type (with 
customary carve-outs, thresholds and caveats) including in relation to compliance with laws, conduct of business and 
maintenance of licences and authorisations. In particular, the Obligors have given the following covenants: 
Authorisations 
(a) 
to obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect, any material 
Authorisation required under any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to enable it to perform its

--- Page 151 ---
131 
  
obligations under the Transaction Documents and ensure, subject to the Reservations, the legality, validity, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Transaction Document and to obtain, comply with and do 
(and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group obtains, complies and does) all that is 
necessary to maintain in full force and effect any Authorisation required under any law or regulation of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction to carry on its and its Subsidiaries’ business where (other than in the case of the 
Transaction Documents) failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and 
supply certified copies of any such Authorisation to the Obligor Security Trustee upon request; 
Compliance with Laws 
(b) 
to comply (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will comply) in all respects with 
all laws to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply would or is reasonably likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
Environmental Compliance and Claims 
(c) 
to comply (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will comply) with all 
Environmental Laws and obtain and ensure compliance with all requisite Environmental Permits where in each 
case failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(d) 
promptly upon becoming aware thereof, to inform (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the 
Holdco Group will inform) the Obligor Security Trustee in writing of any Environmental Claim against any 
member of the Holdco Group which is current, pending or threatened in writing where the claim, if determined 
against that member of the Holdco Group, would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
Anti-money Laundering Laws, Anti-bribery Laws and Sanctions 
(e) 
to conduct (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will conduct) its operations at all 
times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements 
of the money laundering laws of all applicable jurisdictions and any related rules, regulations or guidelines 
issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency; 
(f) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will not) use the proceeds of the 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities to make any unlawful payments which would breach the Bribery Act 2010, 
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other similar legislation in other relevant 
jurisdictions in any material respect and shall institute and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure 
continued compliance with applicable anti–money laundering and anti–bribery laws; 
(g) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) (i) knowingly engage in any 
transaction or business with any individual or entity that is a Restricted Person, (ii) use any revenue or benefit 
derived from any activity or dealing with a Restricted Person to be used in discharging any obligation due or 
owing to an Obligor Secured Creditor, and will not use any product or services offered to it by an Obligor 
Secured Creditor in a manner which is reasonably likely to cause such Obligor Secured Creditor to be in 
breach of Sanctions, (iii) directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities or 
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, Joint Venture, partner or other 
person (a) for the purpose of funding any activities of or business with any Restricted Person, or in any country 
or territory that at the time of such use, loan, contribution or making available such proceeds is the subject of 
any Sanctions, or (b) in any other manner that would result in a violation by any person of any Sanction or 
such person becoming a Restricted Person; 
(h) 
to ensure that (i) it is not (and Holdco will procure that any other member of the Holdco Group, or any 
director, officer, agent, employee or person acting on behalf of the foregoing is not) a Restricted Person and 
does not act directly or indirectly on behalf of a Restricted Person, (ii) to the extent permitted by law it shall 
promptly upon becoming aware of them supply to the Obligor Security Trustee details of any claim, action, 
suit, proceedings or investigation against it with respect to Sanctions by any Sanctions Authority, and (iii) it 
will comply in all respect with all Sanctions; 
Taxation 
(i) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) pay and discharge all Taxes 
imposed upon it or its assets within the time period allowed without incurring penalties unless and only to the 
extent that: 
(i) 
such payment is being contested in good faith;

--- Page 152 ---
132 
  
(ii) 
adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest them which 
have been disclosed in its latest Financial Statements delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee; and 
(iii) 
such payment can be lawfully withheld and failure to pay those Taxes would not have or is not 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
and not to change its residence for Tax purposes; 
Merger 
(j) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any amalgamation, 
demerger, merger, consolidation or corporate reconstruction other than a Permitted Transaction; 
Change of Business 
(k) 
to (and Holdco undertakes to procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) carry on only 
Permitted Business; 
Acquisitions 
(l) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) acquire a company or any 
shares or securities or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in any of them) or incorporate a 
company, other than an acquisition of a company, of shares, securities or a business or undertaking (or, in each 
case, any interest in any of them) or the incorporation of a company which is a Permitted Acquisition or a 
Permitted Transaction; 
Joint Ventures 
(m) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into, invest in or 
acquire (or agree to acquire) any shares, stocks, securities or other interest in any Joint Venture or transfer any 
assets or lend to or guarantee or give an indemnity for or give any Security Interest for the obligations of a 
Joint Venture or maintain the solvency of or provide working capital to any Joint Venture (or agree to do any 
of the foregoing) other than any acquisition of (or agreement to acquire) any interest in a Joint Venture or 
transfer of assets (or agreement to transfer assets) to a Joint Venture or loan made to a Joint Venture that is a 
Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
Holding Companies 
(n) 
Holdco, Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower shall not trade, carry on any business, own any assets or incur 
any liabilities except for: 
(i) 
the provision of administrative services (other than treasury services) to other members of the Holdco 
Group of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
ownership of the shares in Subsidiaries or any other shares acquired in connection with a Permitted 
Acquisition or a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(iii) 
credit balances in bank accounts, cash and Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(iv) 
intra-Holdco Group debit and credit balances;   
(v) 
any assets and liabilities and performing obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and professional fees and administration costs in connection therewith and otherwise in the 
ordinary course of business as a holding company; and 
(vi) 
incurring liability to pay Tax and paying the Tax, and 
shall not at any time own shares in any person that is a member of the Holdco Group other than the member of 
the Holdco Group that is its direct subsidiaries on the Closing Date or, in the case of the Borrower, a wholly-owned 
Subsidiary established for the purpose of issuing PP Notes; 
(o) 
IPCo and the Partnership shall not trade, carry on any business, own any assets or incur any liabilities except 
pursuant to the ABF;

--- Page 153 ---
133 
  
Preservation of Assets and Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount 
(p) 
to (and shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) maintain in good working order and 
condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) all of its assets necessary or desirable in the conduct of its business 
where failure to do so would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(q) 
to ensure that: 
(i) 
the Holdco Group shall spend the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount annually on 
Maintenance Capital Expenditure for the maintenance and preservation of the assets of the Holdco 
Group necessary or desirable in the conduct of its business constituting Permitted Business; 
(ii) 
at the end of each Financial Year, to the extent that the Obligors have not spent an amount equal to 
the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount during such Financial Year, the Borrower shall 
procure that an amount equal to the difference between the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend 
Amount and the amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure actually spent by the Obligors for such 
Financial Year (such difference, the “Unused Capital Maintenance Spend Amount”) is transferred 
to the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account; 
(iii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account may only be utilised 
in connection with a payment of expenditure incurred in respect of Maintenance Capital Expenditure 
in respect of future Financial Years, provided that any such amounts spent under this paragraph shall 
not count towards the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount for the Financial Year in which 
it is spent, and 
(r) 
After every consecutive period of five Financial Years (with effect from the end of the Financial Year ending 
31 January 2018), the Holdco Group Agent shall determine a new Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend 
Amount to apply for the following five Financial Years. Provided such new Minimum Capital Maintenance 
Spend Amount is approved by an independent expert appointed by the Holdco Group Agent as being a 
reasonable estimate of the likely minimum capital expenditure requirements of the Holdco Group for the 
following five Financial Years (such independent expert having had regard, amongst others, to the 
reasonableness of the assumptions contained in the business plan on which such determination was based) the 
new Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount as determined by the Holdco Group Agent will apply from 
the next Financial Year for the following five Financial Years. If the independent expert does not approve the 
determination of the Holdco Group Agent then the amount determined by the independent expert after 
consultation with the Holdco Group Agent as being a reasonable pre-estimate of the likely minimum capital 
expenditure requirements of the Holdco Group for the following five Financial Years will apply instead. In the 
event that the amount standing on the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account is in excess of the new minimum 
amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure so determined by the independent expert the Obligors shall not be 
permitted to release any such excess from the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account and all amounts 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, such excess) standing to the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account must 
be spent on Maintenance Capital Expenditure; 
Pari passu ranking 
(s) 
to ensure that at all times any unsecured and unsubordinated claims of an Obligor Secured Creditor against it 
under the Senior Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general 
application to companies; 
Negative Pledge 
(t) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will): 
(i) 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest over any of its assets; 
(ii) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to 
or re-acquired by an Obligor; 
(iii) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms; 
(iv) 
enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be 
applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or 
(v) 
enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect,

--- Page 154 ---
134 
  
in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising 
Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset, other than any Security Interest or quasi-security 
which is Permitted Security, a Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction; 
Disposals 
(u) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into a single transaction 
or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer 
or otherwise dispose of any asset other than any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal which is a Permitted 
Disposal, a Permitted Transaction or a Permitted Payment or disposal giving effect to a Liabilities Acquisition 
which is permitted by the STID; 
Arm’s length basis 
(v) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any transaction 
with any person, except on arm’s length terms and for full market value other than: 
(i) 
intra Holdco Group loans and Investor Funding Loans; 
(ii) 
fees, costs and expenses payable under the Transaction Documents in the amounts set out in the 
Transaction Documents (as applicable); 
(iii) 
a Permitted Transaction; 
(iv) 
transactions between members of the Holdco Group which are not otherwise prohibited by the terms 
of the Transaction Documents; 
(v) 
any charitable or pro bono activities of the Holdco Group up to £1,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent 
in other currencies) in any consecutive 12 month period; and 
(vi) 
provided that they are on arm’s length terms, transactions under the Umbrella Services Agreement 
and the Business Transfer Deed which are not for full market value; 
Loans or Credit 
(w) 
not to (and shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) be a creditor in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness other than a Permitted Loan or a Permitted Transaction; 
No Guarantees or Indemnities 
(x) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) incur or allow to remain 
outstanding any guarantee in respect of any obligation of any person other than a guarantee which is a 
Permitted Guarantee or a Permitted Transaction; 
Restricted Payments 
(y) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) make a Restricted Payment 
unless (i) such payment is made pursuant to a Permitted Tax Transaction or in respect of any service or 
contract provided or referred to in the Umbrella Services Agreement or (ii) the Class A Restricted Payment 
Condition is satisfied and such payment is a Permitted Payment or a transaction permitted under paragraph (e) 
of the definition of “Permitted Transaction” provided that where the Class A Restricted Payment Condition is 
not satisfied solely as a result of a failure to pay principal on the Final Maturity Date under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, payments may be made under (a) any Class B Authorised Credit Facility entered 
into on or prior to the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final Maturity Date under that 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility; and (b) any Class B Authorised Credit Facility entered into after the date of 
that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final Maturity Date under that Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility provided that a BBB or higher Rating Agency confirmation was obtained in respect of the Financial 
Indebtedness attributable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility and the Class A Notes prior to that Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility being entered into, provided that in each case the Class A FCF DSCR is not below 
the Trigger Event Ratio Level when the relevant payment is made; 
Financial Indebtedness 
(z) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) incur or allow to remain 
outstanding any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness or a Permitted

--- Page 155 ---
135 
  
Transaction. With respect to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness under paragraph (e) of the definition of 
“Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, after every consecutive period of five Financial Years (with effect from 
the end of the Financial Year ending on 31 January 2018), the Holdco Group Agent may (at its option) 
determine a new maximum amount for the aggregate capital value of all items leased under outstanding capital 
or finance leases (the “Maximum Finance Lease Amount”) to apply for the following five Financial Years. 
Provided such new Maximum Finance Lease Amount is approved by an independent expert appointed by 
Holdco Group Agent as being a reasonable estimate of the likely maximum capital and finance lease 
requirements of the Holdco Group for the following five Financial Years (such independent expert having had 
regard, among other things, to the reasonableness of the assumptions contained in the business plan on which 
such determination was based, the impact on financial covenants and the requirement for a reasonable amount 
of headroom to avoid any unexpected breach of this paragraph in the following five Financial Years) the new 
Maximum Finance Lease Amount as determined by the Holdco Group Agent will apply from the next 
Financial Year for the following five Financial Years. If the independent expert does not approve the 
determination of the Holdco Group Agent then the amount determined by the independent expert after 
consultation with the Holdco Group Agent as being a reasonable pre-estimate of the likely maximum capital 
and finance lease requirements of the Holdco Group for the following five years will apply instead; 
Share Capital 
(aa) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) issue any shares except 
pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or a Permitted Transaction; 
Insurance 
(bb) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) maintain insurances on and in 
relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is commercially prudent in accordance 
with good industry practice for such assets for companies carrying on the same or a substantially similar 
business with (A) reputable independent insurance companies or underwriters or (B) captive insurers which are 
members of the Holdco Group provided that (i) such captive insurers are incorporated in a jurisdiction 
approved by an insurance advisor appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee from time to time, at the sole cost 
of the Obligors, provided that such insurance adviser’s approval shall be deemed to have been given in respect 
of any captive insurer whose jurisdiction of incorporation is the United Kingdom or Ireland, (ii) the relevant 
Obligors have no financial liabilities to such captive insurers under any policy of insurance or reinsurance, 
other than the payment of any premium set out therein, and (iii) all policies of insurance or any other contracts 
between the relevant Obligors and such captive insurer are on arm’s length terms and for sufficient 
consideration. Each Obligor shall take all reasonable and practicable steps to preserve and enforce its rights 
and remedies under or in respect of its insurance policies and contracts. Each Obligor shall supply to the 
Obligor Security Trustee on request copies of each insurance policy and contract together with the current 
applicable premium receipts; 
Pensions 
(cc) 
the Holdco Group Agent shall ensure that: 
(i) 
the AA UK Pension Scheme is funded in compliance with Part 3 of the Pensions Act 2004, the 
provisions of the trust deed and rules governing the AA UK Pension Scheme and that no action or 
omission (except to comply with Part 3 of the Pensions Act 2004 or other law, provided that such 
action or omission is when reasonably practicable notified in advance and in writing to the Obligor 
Security Trustee) is taken by any member of the Holdco Group in relation to the AA UK Pension 
Scheme which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (including, without 
limitation, the termination or commencement of winding-up proceedings of any such pension scheme 
or any member of the Holdco Group ceasing to employ any member of the AA UK Pension Scheme); 
(ii) 
the AA Ireland Pension Scheme is funded in compliance with Irish pensions funding legislation and 
that no action or omission (except to comply with legal requirements, provided that such action or 
omission is when reasonably practicable notified in advance and in writing to the Obligor Security 
Trustee) is taken by any member of the Holdco Group in relation to the AA Ireland Pension Scheme 
which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(iii) 
except for the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme, no member of the 
Holdco Group is or becomes at any time an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the 
Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both 
terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993, though the amendments to the definition of

--- Page 156 ---
136 
  
“money purchase scheme” that are made by section 29 of the Pensions Act 2011 will be treated as 
having taken effect) without the prior written consent of the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(iv) 
it delivers to the Obligor Security Trustee at such times as those reports are prepared in order to 
comply with the then current statutory or auditing requirements (as applicable either to the trustees of 
any relevant schemes or to the Holdco Group Agent), actuarial reports in relation to all pension 
schemes mentioned in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above; 
(v) 
it promptly notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any material change in the rate of contributions to 
any pension schemes mentioned in (i) and (ii) above paid or required (by law or otherwise); 
(vi) 
each Obligor immediately notifies the Obligor Security Trustee of any investigation or investigation 
threatened in writing by the Pensions Regulator which may lead to the issue of a Financial Support 
Direction or a Contribution Notice (including in respect of the Saga Pension Scheme) to any member 
of the Holdco Group or if it or any member of the Holdco Group receives a warning notice or 
Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice from the Pensions Regulator or if it or any other 
member of the Holdco Group enters into any settlement (however described) with the Pensions 
Regulator; and 
(vii) 
from the ABF Implementation Date and notwithstanding paragraph (u) (“—Covenants—General 
Covenants—Disposals”), Holdco shall procure that the Partnership will not dispose of any Financial 
Indebtedness owed by IPCo to the Partnership and no member of the Holdco Group will dispose of 
any right or interest in respect of the Partnership to any person that is not a wholly-owned member of 
the Holdco Group; 
Access 
(dd) 
if a CTA Default is continuing or the Obligor Security Trustee reasonably suspects a CTA Default is 
continuing, to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) permit the Obligor 
Security Trustee and/or accountants or other professional advisers and contractors of the Obligor Security 
Trustee free access at all reasonable times and on reasonable notice at the risk and cost of such member of the 
Holdco Group to (a) the premises, assets, books, accounts and records of each member of the Holdco Group 
and (b) meet and discuss matters with senior management of the Holdco Group; 
Intellectual Property 
(ee) 
to (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will): 
(i) 
preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property necessary for the 
business of the relevant member of the Holdco Group; 
(ii) 
use reasonable endeavours to prevent any infringement of the Intellectual Property owned by any 
member of the Holdco Group; 
(iii) 
make registrations and pay all registration fees and taxes necessary to maintain the Intellectual 
Property in full force and effect and record its interest in that Intellectual Property;  
(iv) 
not use or permit the Intellectual Property owned by any member of the Holdco Group to be used in a 
way or take any step or omit to take any step in respect of that Intellectual Property which may 
materially and adversely affect the existence or value of that Intellectual Property or imperil the right 
of any member of the Holdco Group to use such Intellectual Property; 
(v) 
not discontinue the use of any registered trade marks owned by each Obligor or any other member of 
the Holdco Group; 
(vi) 
ensure that all Intellectual Property material in the context of the business of the Holdco Group as a 
whole is legally owned by an Obligor or, with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, is legally 
owned by IPCo and is licensed by IPCo to an Obligor;  
in the case of paragraphs (i) through (vi), where failure to do so or such use, permission to use, omission or 
discontinuation, would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
(vii) 
ensure that all Intellectual Property legally owned by an Obligor is subject to Obligor Security;

--- Page 157 ---
137 
  
(viii) 
ensure that all Intellectual Property legally owned by IPCo is subject to Security Interests pursuant to 
the ABF Security Agreement; and 
(ix) 
ensure that to the extent Intellectual Property is licensed to an Obligor, the benefit of such licence is 
subject to Obligor Security. 
(ff) 
save as contemplated in the Umbrella Services Agreement in respect of licensing or use of Intellectual 
Property to or by the Saga Group, not to (and procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) licence 
or permit the use of Intellectual Property used in the Permitted Business outside the Holdco Group. The brand 
“AA” may be licensed outside the Holdco Group for use in businesses which do not compete with any of the 
Permitted Businesses provided that it is licensed on an arm’s length basis at market cost; 
Amendments to Senior Finance Documents and Umbrella Services Agreement 
(gg) 
not to amend, vary, novate, supplement, supersede, waive or terminate any term of a Senior Finance Document 
or the Umbrella Services Agreement, except in accordance with the provisions of the STID and its own terms; 
Amendments to Constitutional Documents 
(hh) 
not to amend any provision of its constitutional documents relating to transferability of its shares without the 
prior written consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, or amend any other provision of its constitutional 
documents unless such amendment would not or is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
Treasury Transactions 
(ii) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) enter into any Treasury 
Transaction, other than: 
(i) 
the Hedging Transactions documented by the Hedging Agreements in accordance with the Hedging 
Policy; 
(ii) 
the Treasury Transactions documented by the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements in accordance with 
the Hedging Policy; and 
(iii) 
Treasury Transactions entered into for the purpose of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of 
trading (including offsetting, operational and foreign exchange hedging transactions which at the 
discretion of the Obligors may or may not be cash collateralised) provided that they are (i) not for 
speculative purposes and (ii) do not contain any indexation accretion; 
(jj) 
[Reserved] 
Centre of Main Interest 
(kk) 
not to do anything to change the location of its centre of main interests, for the purposes of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on insolvency proceedings; 
Further Assurance 
(ll) 
promptly to do all such acts or execute all such documents (including assignments, transfers, mortgages, 
charges, notices and instructions) as the Obligor Security Trustee may reasonably specify (and in such form as 
the Obligor Security Trustee may reasonably require in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee or any of its 
nominees): 
(i) 
to perfect the Security Interest created or intended to be created under or evidenced by the 
Transaction Documents (which may include the execution of a mortgage, charge, assignment or other 
Security Interest over all or any of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of any 
Obligor Security Document) or for the exercise of any rights, powers and remedies of the Obligor 
Security Trustee or the Obligor Secured Creditors provided by or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents or by law; 
(ii) 
to confer on the Obligor Security Trustee or confer on the Obligor Secured Creditors, Security 
Interests over any property and assets of that Obligor (as applicable) located in any jurisdiction 
equivalent or similar to the Security Interest intended to be conferred by or pursuant to any Obligor 
Security Document; and/or

--- Page 158 ---
138 
  
(iii) 
to facilitate the realisation of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of any Obligor 
Security Document; 
(mm) 
to take all such action as is available to it (including making all filings and registrations) as may be necessary 
for the purpose of the creation, perfection, protection or maintenance of any Security Interest conferred or 
intended to be conferred on the Obligor Security Trustee or the Obligor Secured Creditors by or pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents; 
Credit Rating 
(nn) 
to use reasonable endeavours to maintain, for as long as there are Class A Notes outstanding, a credit rating 
from the Rating Agency for the Class A Notes issued by the Issuer and to co-operate with the Rating Agency 
in connection with any reasonable request for information in respect of the maintenance of a rating and with 
any review of its business which may be undertaken by the Rating Agency after the Closing Date; 
Accounting Reference Date 
(oo) 
not to (and Holdco shall procure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) change its Accounting 
Reference Date unless each of the following conditions have been met: 
(i) 
the Holdco Group Agent delivers to the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(A) 
written notice of the proposed change to the Accounting Reference Date; 
(B) 
a certificate describing such change and the effect on and consequences for: 
(I) 
the calculation of the Class A FCF DSCR (including the definitions used therein and 
as applied in the Senior Finance Documents); 
(II) 
the calculation of the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA and the ratio of Total Class 
A Net Debt to EBITDA (including the definitions used therein and as applied in the 
Senior Finance Documents); 
(III) 
the delivery of Compliance Certificates; 
(IV) 
the making of Permitted Payments; 
(V) 
the making of a mandatory prepayment from Excess Cashflow and cash trapping in 
any Cash Accumulation Period; and 
(VI) 
the effect on the provisions of the Senior Finance Documents; 
(the “Relevant Matters”); and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee has received, at the cost and expense of the Obligors, such certificates of 
the Obligors (signed by two directors of the relevant Obligors) and such accounting and/or legal 
advice as it reasonably deems necessary to determine, amongst other things, the Relevant Matters; 
(iii) 
the Obligors make such changes (if any) as required by the Obligor Security Trustee (acting 
reasonably) to the Senior Finance Documents to reflect the consequential changes required as a result 
of the change of the Accounting Reference Date (and the Obligor Security Trustee is hereby 
authorised and directed by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured Creditors to make 
such changes to the Senior Finance Documents) and to execute any documents required to be entered 
into in order to make such change; 
(iv) 
if, as a result of any change in the Accounting Reference Date, a Compliance Certificate need not be 
delivered (pursuant to the provisions of the CTA) within the period which it would have been 
delivered had such change in the Accounting Reference Date not occurred (the “Original Period”) 
then the Obligors shall: 
(A) 
procure that such Financial Statements are prepared so as to allow a Compliance Certificate 
to be delivered as if the change to Accounting Reference Date had not occurred, and such 
Compliance Certificate shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of the 
Information Covenants (“—Covenants—Information Covenants”); or

--- Page 159 ---
139 
  
(B) 
deliver a Compliance Certificate (based on the Financial Statements prepared in respect of 
the changed Accounting Reference Date) within the Original Period in accordance with the 
provisions of the Information Covenants (“—Covenants—Information Covenants”); 
(v) 
the Accounting Reference Date has not been changed in the previous five years, unless: 
(A) 
a change in control of an Obligor has occurred and the Accounting Reference Date is 
changed within 12 months of the effective date of such change of control; 
(B) 
a change in applicable accounting practice has occurred, as a result of which it is necessary or 
desirable to change the Accounting Reference Date and such change is made within 12 
months of the effective date of the change in applicable accounting practice; or 
(C) 
a change in applicable tax law (or in the application or official interpretation of applicable tax 
law) has occurred, as a result of which it is necessary or desirable to change the Accounting 
Reference Date and such change is made within 12 months of the effective date of the change 
in applicable tax law (or in the application or official interpretation of applicable tax law); 
(vi) 
each Obligor has the same Accounting Reference Date; 
Auditors 
(pp) 
to retain reputable auditors at all times; 
Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities 
(qq) 
not to (and procure that no other member of Holdco Group will) (i) enter into any Debt Purchase Transaction 
other than in accordance with the other provisions of this paragraph and paragraphs (rr) to (yy) (“—Purchase 
of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities”) below; or (ii) beneficially own all or any 
part of the share capital of a company that is an Authorised Credit Provider or a party to a Debt Purchase 
Transaction of the type referred to in paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of “Debt Purchase Transaction”; 
(rr) 
that a member of the Holdco Group may enter into a Debt Purchase Transaction pursuant to and in accordance 
with the method of transfer set out in the relevant Finance Documents and/or Issuer Transaction Documents 
(or, subject to the other provisions of the Common Terms Agreement, purchase an interest in a person referred 
to in paragraph (qq)(ii)) above) provided that: 
(i) 
where such transaction relates to any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or any Class A Notes no 
CTA Default is continuing and, if a Trigger Event is continuing, such transaction is entered into in 
accordance with paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary 
Prepayment”) below; 
(ii) 
where such transaction relates to any Class B Authorised Credit Facility or any Class B Notes such 
transaction is entered into in accordance with paragraph (jjj) (“—Covenants—General Covenants—
Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit Facility”); 
(iii) 
in respect of any such transaction that is a Defeased Cash Note Purchase to be effected as 
contemplated by paragraph 2(a)(ii) of Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments (A) 
such purchase must be made following a public tender offer (on a pro rata basis) to all Class A 
Noteholders of the Class A Notes referable to the Class A IBLA Advances defeased in accordance 
with paragraph 2(a)(ii) of Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; (B) the 
purchase price paid by the Borrower for any such Class A Notes must not exceed the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Class A Notes (excluding accrued but unpaid interest); (C) the relevant 
amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account to be applied towards such purchase may 
not be withdrawn from the Defeasance Account to be applied towards such purchase until such time 
as is reasonably required to settle the purchase price of such Class A Notes; and (D) upon any such 
purchase the Borrower must immediately surrender the relevant Class A Notes to the Issuer for 
cancellation (with a corresponding amount under any Class A IBLA Advance referable to the 
cancelled Sub-Class of Class A Notes being treated as repaid); 
(ss) 
that in relation to any Debt Purchase Transaction relating to any Class A Authorised Credit Facility entered 
into pursuant to the terms of the CTA:

--- Page 160 ---
140 
  
(i) 
on completion of the relevant transfer, the portions of the acquired commitments to which it relates 
shall be extinguished and such Debt Purchase Transaction and the related extinguishment shall not 
constitute a prepayment of the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(ii) 
the relevant member of the Holdco Group which is the assignee or transferee shall be deemed to be an 
entity which fulfils the requirements for an Authorised Credit Provider’s assignee or transferee under 
the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
no member of the Holdco Group shall be deemed to be in breach of any provision of the covenants 
under the CTA (see “—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants”) solely by reason of such Debt 
Purchase Transaction; 
(iv) 
any provisions relating to sharing among the Authorised Credit Providers under the relevant Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility shall not be applicable to the consideration paid under such Debt Purchase 
Transaction; and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, any extinguishment of any part of the acquired commitments shall not 
affect any amendment or waiver which prior to such extinguishment had been approved by or on 
behalf of the requisite Authorised Credit Providers under the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; 
(tt) 
that upon the purchase of any Class A Notes or Class B Notes by a member of the Holdco Group, such 
member of the Holdco Group must surrender the Class A Notes or Class B Notes to the Issuer in which case 
such Class A Notes or Class B Notes shall be cancelled (and a corresponding amount of the IBLA Advances 
made under the relevant tranche of the IBLA attributable to the relevant sub-class of Class A Notes or Class B 
Notes respectively will be treated as prepaid at par); 
(uu) 
that any commitments under any Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which a member of the Holdco Group 
acquires an interest pursuant to a Debt Purchase Transaction or held by a person referred to in paragraph 
(qq)(ii) (“—Covenants—General Covenants—Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised 
Credit Facilities”) above, that becomes a member of the Holdco Group must be cancelled or extinguished. For 
the purposes of calculating Class A FCF DSCR, the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA and the ratio of Total 
Class A Net Debt to EBITDA, any Class A Notes or Class B Notes or commitments under any Authorised 
Credit Facility held by members of the Holdco Group that are cancelled will be taken into account at their face 
value; 
(vv) 
that for so long as a Permitted Debt Purchase Party (i) beneficially owns a Class A Note or Class B Note or 
commitment or (ii) has entered into a sub participation agreement relating to a commitment or other agreement 
or arrangement having a substantially similar economic effect and such agreement or arrangement has not been 
terminated: 
(i) 
in ascertaining any requisite majority in relation to any request for a consent, waiver, amendment or 
other vote under any relevant Transaction Document or whether any given percentage of votes 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) has been obtained to approve any request for a 
consent, waiver, amendment or other vote under any relevant Transaction Document such Class A 
Notes or Class B Notes or commitment (as applicable) shall be deemed to be zero; and 
(ii) 
such Permitted Debt Purchase Party or the person with whom it has entered into such sub- 
participation, other agreement or arrangement shall be deemed not to be a Class A Noteholder or a 
Class B Noteholder (as applicable), or an Authorised Credit Provider (unless in the case of a person 
not being a Permitted Debt Purchase Party it is a Class A Noteholder or a Class B Noteholder, or an 
Authorised Credit Provider by virtue otherwise than by beneficially owning the relevant Class A 
Notes or Class B Notes or commitment); 
(ww) 
that unless such Debt Purchase Transaction is an assignment or transfer under an Authorised Credit Facility 
ranking pari passu with any Authorised Credit Facility, each Obligor shall promptly notify the Obligor 
Security Trustee in writing if it or any other member of the Holdco Group knowingly enters (and, to the extent 
it is aware, that a Permitted Debt Purchase Party other than a member of the Holdco Group enters) into a Debt 
Purchase Transaction as a Permitted Debt Purchase Party (a “Notifiable Debt Purchase Transaction”); 
(xx) 
that each Obligor shall promptly notify the Obligor Security Trustee if a Notifiable Debt Purchase Transaction 
to which it or any other member of the Holdco Group (and, to the extent it is aware, any Permitted Debt 
Purchase Party other than a member of the Holdco Group) is a party (i) is terminated; or (ii) ceases to be with a 
Permitted Debt Purchase Party;

--- Page 161 ---
141 
  
(yy) 
that each Obligor and each Permitted Debt Purchase Party that is a Party in any capacity to the Common 
Terms Agreement agrees (and Holdco shall procure that any other member of the Holdco Group that it is a 
Class A Noteholder or a Class B Noteholder, or an Authorised Credit Provider will agree) that: 
(i) 
in relation to any meeting or conference call to which all of the Obligor Secured Creditors or the 
Issuer Secured Creditors are invited to attend or participate, it or such other Permitted Debt Purchase 
Party shall not attend or participate in the same unless so requested by the Obligor Security Trustee or 
the Issuer Security Trustee respectively or, unless the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security 
Trustee otherwise agrees, be entitled to receive the agenda or any minutes of the same; and 
(ii) 
in its capacity as an Obligor Secured Creditor or an Issuer Secured Creditor, unless the Obligor 
Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee otherwise agrees, it or such other Permitted Debt 
Purchase Party shall not be entitled to receive any report or other document prepared at the behest of, 
or on the instructions of, the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee or one or more of 
the Senior Finance Parties or other Obligor Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured Creditors; 
Cash Management 
(zz) 
that the Cash Manager shall provide the cash management services set out under “—Cash Management” 
below; 
Liquidity Arrangements 
(aaa) 
to use their reasonable endeavours to ensure that, for so long as any Class A Notes, the Senior Term Facility or 
any Class A Authorised Credit Facility refinancing the Senior Term Facility remain outstanding, the Borrower 
and Issuer have available to them either a Liquidity Facility Agreement with one or more Liquidity Facility 
Providers with at least the Requisite Rating (or with respect to any new Liquidity Facility Provider under any 
new Liquidity Facility Agreement entered into after the Closing Date, with a rating for its long term unsecured 
non-credit enhanced debt obligations of BBB or higher by the Rating Agency at the time at which such new 
Liquidity Facility Agreement is entered into or when a new Liquidity Facility Provider becomes a party to any 
such new Liquidity Facility Agreement) substantially on the same terms as the Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement entered into on the Closing Date (with the exception of the tenor, margin, commitment, 
commissions, fees or any other term the absence of which or modification to is consistent with prevailing 
market practice for such facilities from time to time) and/or a funded liquidity reserve in the Debt Service 
Reserve Account in an aggregate amount which is not less than the Liquidity Required Amount determined on 
each Reporting Date to be utilised by the Borrower and/or Issuer in order to make payments in respect of the 
Class A Notes, the Senior Term Facility or any Class A Authorised Credit Facility refinancing the Senior Term 
Facility (taking into account the impact of any related Borrower Hedging Agreements or Issuer Hedging 
Agreements). If the Holdco Group Agent certifies to the Obligor Security Trustee that it has: (i) informed the 
Rating Agency that the Liquidity Facility has been withdrawn or reduced; and (ii) received a Rating Agency 
confirmation that such withdrawal of or reduction in the availability of a Liquidity Facility will not lead to a 
downgrade, withdrawal or the public placement on review for possible downgrade of, the then current ratings 
of the Class A Notes then the Obligors will not be required to use such reasonable endeavours to enable the 
Borrower and the Issuer to maintain a Liquidity Facility on the terms of the Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (or to have available to them a funded liquidity reserve in the Debt Service Reserve Account), but 
will instead be obliged to use their reasonable endeavours to maintain such other liquidity facility or reserve in 
respect of which such Rating Agency confirmation is then given; 
Obligors 
(bbb) 
to ensure that at all times after the Closing Date and tested on each Test Date by reference to the most recent 
Annual Financial Statements delivered for each Test Period ending on an Accounting Reference Date, the 
aggregate of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as 
EBITDA) of the Obligors (calculated on an unconsolidated basis and excluding all intra-group items and 
investments in Subsidiaries of any member of the Holdco Group) for the Test Period ending on that Test Date 
represents not is less than 90% of the EBITDA of the Holdco Group for that Test Period (the “Obligor 
Coverage Test”). If, at any time, a Compliance Certificate demonstrates that the Obligor Coverage Test is not 
met, Holdco shall procure that such members of the Holdco Group become Obligors as may be required so that 
the Obligor Coverage Test is then met within 45 days of the date of the relevant Compliance Certificate; 
(ccc) 
Holdco shall procure that any other member of the Holdco Group which is a Material Company shall, as soon 
as possible after becoming a Material Company and in any event within 45 days of becoming a Material 
Company, become an Obligor and grant a Security Interest on equivalent terms to the Security Interest granted 
by the Obligors pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and shall accede to the STID;

--- Page 162 ---
142 
  
(ddd) 
Holdco shall procure that within 30 days from completion of any Permitted Acquisition under paragraph (d) of 
the definition of “Permitted Acquisition” or any Permitted Disposal under paragraph (m) of the definition of 
“Permitted Disposal” shall deliver a certificate confirming: 
(i) 
that the Obligor Coverage Test (calculated on a pro forma basis taking into account the relevant 
acquisition or disposal) continues to be met or, if the Obligor Coverage Test is no longer met, procure 
that such members of the Holdco Group become Obligors as may be required so that the Obligor 
Coverage Test is then met within 45 days of the date of such certificate; and 
(ii) 
whether the acquired entity or the member of the Holdco Group which has acquired the business or 
undertaking has become as a result of the Permitted Acquisition a Material Company in which case 
Holdco shall procure that such acquired entity or member of the Holdco Group shall, as soon as 
possible after completion of such Permitted Acquisition and in any event within 45 days of the date of 
such certificate, become a Obligor and grant a Security Interest on equivalent terms to the Security 
Interest granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and shall accede to the 
STID; 
Mandatory Prepayments 
(eee) 
that, unless the CTA or the STID otherwise require, where more than one Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(other than a Liquidity Facility) requires an amount to be applied in mandatory prepayment then such amount 
shall be applied pro rata in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities under such Class A 
Authorised Credit Facilities (including any related swap termination amounts under any Hedging Agreement, 
break costs and redemption premia payable to the Obligors); 
Cancellation of Working Capital Facilities 
(fff) 
the Borrower shall ensure that any notice of cancellation of any available commitments (other than as a result 
of illegality, change of control or other provisions requiring mandatory prepayments) under any Working 
Capital Facility Agreement delivered at any time while amounts under any other Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (other than a Liquidity Facility) remain outstanding and/or other commitments remain uncancelled 
must be accompanied by a certificate from the Borrower that it will have sufficient working capital facilities 
available to it following such cancellation; 
Floating Charge 
(ggg) 
each Obligor party to an English law governed Obligor Security Document shall ensure that the floating charge 
it has created or purported to create pursuant to that Obligor Security Document is at all times a floating charge 
which together with the fixed security granted by such Obligor pursuant to that Obligor Security Document 
relates to the whole or substantially the whole of such Obligor’s property; 
Conditions Subsequent 
(hhh) 
each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) promptly and 
in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations and all requirements of relevant regulatory authorities do 
all such acts or execute all such documents necessary to complete all steps of the corporate reorganisation of 
the Holdco Group as set out in the PwC Structure Memorandum. From the Closing Date, TAAL and AADL 
shall use their best endeavours to implement the transfer of the business of TAAL to AADL as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in accordance with the Business Transfer Deed; 
Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
(iii) 
Holdco shall not (and shall ensure that no other member of the Holdco Group will) Pay any amounts under or 
in connection with any Class B Authorised Credit Facility other than: 
(i) 
a Payment of interest as permitted and in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments and the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID; or 
(ii) 
where such Payment is funded from Additional Financial Indebtedness, a New Shareholder Injection 
or Investor Funding Loan or, to the extent permitted to be paid as a Permitted Investor Payment at 
that time, Retained Excess Cashflow; 
(jjj) 
Holdco shall ensure that any amounts of principal or interest payable under any Class A Notes, Class A IBLA 
or Class B Authorised Credit Facility are only payable on 31 January and 31 July in each Financial Year (or if 
that day is not a Business Day, the preceding Business Day) excluding any principal or interest payable on (i)

--- Page 163 ---
143 
  
the Final Maturity Date of the Class A Notes issued on the Closing Date and (ii) the Loan Interest Payment 
Date corresponding to such Final Maturity Date under the Initial Class A IBLA, which shall be payable on 2 
July 2043 (and the Common Documents shall be constructed and operate to permit such payments on such 
date); 
(kkk) 
the Borrower shall ensure that no part of a Bank Debt Sweep Period occurs during any part of a Cash 
Accumulation Period; 
(lll) 
the Borrower shall ensure that the aggregate Required Sweep Percentages applicable to any Bank Debt Sweep 
Period shall not exceed 100% at any time; 
(mmm) prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, if a drawing is made or 
any other amount is outstanding under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than a Standby Drawing), the 
Borrower will not be permitted to make any subsequent payment of or in respect of any Authorised Credit 
Facility or any Restricted Payment unless and until all amounts owing under the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Agreement have been paid in full. This paragraph shall not operate to suspend or defer any payment in respect 
of any Authorised Credit Facility which falls due to be paid but which cannot be paid by virtue of the previous 
sentence prior to the discharge of all amounts outstanding under the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
Umbrella Services Agreement 
(nnn) 
each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that: 
(i) 
it and each of its Subsidiaries receive all the services necessary for them to carry on their business, 
including the Permitted Business; and 
(ii) 
any service transition from an existing service provider to a new service provider, or to it or its 
Subsidiaries, occurs as soon as practicable (and, in respect of any services provided under the 
Umbrella Services Agreement, within no longer than thirty days), in an orderly manner and in a 
manner that does not materially affect their business, including the Permitted Business. 
ABF 
(ooo) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (u) (“—General Covenants — Disposals”) above, Holdco shall ensure that at all 
times on and after the ABF Implementation Date: 
(i) 
IPCo is a wholly-owned member of the Holdco Group and a direct Subsidiary of an Obligor; and 
(ii) 
each partner in the Partnership is a wholly-owned member of the Holdco Group. 
(ppp) 
Holdco shall procure that if IPCo or any other member of the Holdco Group enters into the ABF or any ABF 
Transaction Document: 
(i) 
such ABF Transaction Document may not deviate from the terms set out in schedule 3 of the AA UK 
Pension Agreement in any material respect; 
(ii) 
any such ABF Transaction Document may not be amended, in each case in a way which is materially 
prejudicial to the interest of any Senior Finance Party, unless the Obligor Security Trustee has agreed 
to such deviation or any amendment in accordance with the terms of the STID provided that such 
agreement shall not be withheld where there has been a change in law (as set out in the AA UK 
Pension Agreement) and such deviation or any amendment is required to the ABF Transaction 
Document to enable the AA UK Pension Trustee to withdraw from the Partnership; and 
(iii) 
on or immediately prior to the ABF Implementation Date, Holdco shall certify to the Obligor Security 
Trustee that ABF Transaction Documents entered or to be entered into in respect of implementation 
of the ABF (including any licence of Intellectual Property granted by IPCo to any Obligor or other 
member of the Holdco Group) comply with paragraphs (ooo) to (ppp) (“—General Covenants—
ABF”); 
(qqq) 
each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that the 
transactions contemplated by, and the execution, delivery and performance of, the applicable Senior Finance 
Documents and the other Transaction Documents shall not result in breach or termination of any co-existence 
agreement that relates to the Intellectual Property, provided that any breach or right of termination arising on 
the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default referred to in paragraph (f) (“—CTA Events of Default—
Insolvency”) or the taking of any Enforcement Action shall not be a breach of this paragraph.

--- Page 164 ---
144 
  
(rrr) 
each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that any 
licence of any Intellectual Property granted by the IPCo to any Obligor or other member of the Holdco Group 
shall not deviate from the following terms unless the Obligor Security Trustee has been instructed to agree to 
such deviation (acting on the instructions of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to an 
Extraordinary STID Resolution): 
(i) 
any quality control or other provisions shall in no way restrict the ability of any Obligor or other 
member of the Holdco Group to use the licensed Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of its 
business and, in any event, shall be no more onerous that those used by any Obligor or other member 
of the Holdco Group (including any internal brand guidelines) during the 12 months prior to the 
commencement date of the licence agreement; 
(ii) 
subject to (iii) below, the licence shall not be terminable, including in the event of: 
(A) 
the insolvency of any Obligor, IPCo or any other member of the Holdco Group or the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, Administrative Receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager or other similar officer in respect of any Obligor, IPCo or any other member of the 
Holdco Group or any of its assets; or 
(B) 
any change of control of IPCo, any Obligor or any other member of the Holdco Group, 
except in the case of material breach by the licensee that is not remediable, or has not been remedied after the 
licensor has notified the licensee, specifying details of the material breach and the steps required by the licensee to 
remedy such breach and has afforded the licensee a reasonable opportunity to remedy the breach; 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
in the event the first ranking security granted by IPCo is enforced by the Partnership in 
respect of a payment default referred to in the AA UK Pension Agreement, or in certain other 
circumstances, the licence may terminate in respect of such part of the Intellectual Property 
as is subject to such enforcement action; and  
(B) 
if whilst the licence is under common control with IPCo there is any dispute between the 
licensor and licensee as to whether the licensee has committed a material breach, the licence 
shall not be terminated unless a court of competent jurisdiction has finally determined the 
existence of a material breach without the possibility of appeal; 
(iv) 
the licence shall not restrict disclosure by any Obligor of the terms of the license to the Obligor 
Security Trustee if such disclosure is requested by the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(v) 
the licence shall be binding on successors in title to the Intellectual Property; and 
(vi) 
the licence shall require the parties to promptly execute all such documents and do all acts that are 
required to record the licence in: 
(A) 
the applicable Intellectual Property registers in the UK Intellectual Property Office, the Irish 
Patents Office and the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market; 
(B) 
any other applicable Intellectual Property registers, if failure to record the licence on those 
registers would result in the owner of the Intellectual Property being unable to rely on the 
licensee’s use of the Intellectual Property to support the owner’s use of the Intellectual 
Property. 
Trigger Events 
The CTA also sets out certain Trigger Events. The specific Trigger Events and the consequences which flow 
from the occurrence of those events are set out below. 
Trigger Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events will be a “Trigger Event”.

--- Page 165 ---
145 
  
Liquidity Required Amount 
(a) 
The sum of the amount of commitments under any Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time and/or the amount 
credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account is in aggregate less than the Liquidity Required Amount. 
Financial Ratio 
(b) 
On any Test Date, the Class A FCF DSCR for the Test Period ending on that Test Date falls below the Trigger 
Event Ratio Level. In calculating Class A FCF DSCR for these purposes (but not for the purposes of 
determining whether a CTA Event of Default has occurred) Class A FCF DSCR shall be calculated assuming 
that any Relevant Class A Debt Transaction that took place during a Relevant Period took place at the 
beginning of that Relevant Period. For these purposes, “Relevant Class A Debt Transaction” means (i) any 
permanent voluntary prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility that is 
not a Class A IBLA or a Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any purchase and cancellation or permanent prepayment of 
any Class A Notes (pursuant to or involving an actual or deemed prepayment of amounts outstanding under 
any Class A IBLA as applicable); and “Relevant Period” means the period beginning on the first day of the 
relevant Test Period and ending on the date of delivery of the Compliance Certificate in respect of that Test 
Period. 
Drawdown of Liquidity Facility 
(c) 
The Borrower or the Issuer draws down under a Liquidity Facility (excluding any drawing or repayment of any 
Standby Drawing) or withdraws sums credited to a Debt Service Reserve Account or a Liquidity Facility 
Standby Account, other than for the purpose of repaying any Standby Drawing, respectively, if the withdrawal 
of such amount is for the purposes of making scheduled debt service payments on the Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities or the Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities. 
CTA Event of Default 
(d) 
Subject to the expiry of any applicable grace or remedy period, a CTA Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing. 
Failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate 
(e) 
There is a failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate for a relevant period within the periods prescribed in the 
CTA. 
Trigger Event Consequences 
Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event and at any time until such Trigger Event has been waived by the 
Obligor Security Trustee or remedied in accordance with the Trigger Event Remedies (see “—Trigger Event Remedies” 
below) the following provisions (“Trigger Event Consequences”) will apply. 
No Restricted Payments 
(a) 
No member of the Holdco Group may make a Restricted Payment except as provided under (b) below and 
paragraph (y)(i) under “—Covenants—General Covenants—Restricted Payments)”. 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
(b) 
No payments may be made in respect of any Class B Authorised Credit Facility other than where the relevant 
Trigger Event is a failure to repay principal on the Final Maturity Date under any Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility, in which case payments may be made under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility entered into on or 
prior to the date of that Class A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final Maturity Date under that Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility and any Class B Authorised Credit Facility entered into after the date of that Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility until the Final Maturity Date under that Class B Authorised Credit Facility 
provided that the Rating Agency has confirmed a rating of at least BBB in respect of the Financial 
Indebtedness attributable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility and the Class A Notes prior to that Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility being entered into, and provided that in each case the Class A FCF DSCR is not 
below the Trigger Event Ratio Level when the relevant payment is made. 
Voluntary Prepayment 
(c) 
If while a Trigger Event is continuing the Borrower (or in respect of paragraph (iii) below, any member of the 
Holdco Group) wishes to:

--- Page 166 ---
146 
  
(i) 
make any permanent voluntary prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility that is not a Class A IBLA or a Liquidity Facility; 
(ii) 
make any purchase of Class A Notes or prepayment or defeasance of any Class A IBLA Advance 
(pursuant to or involving an actual or deemed prepayment of amounts outstanding under any Class A 
IBLA Advance); or 
(iii) 
undertake any Debt Purchase Transaction, 
it shall apply the relevant amount to be used to fund such transactions pro rata in or towards (i) repaying or 
prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) which bears interest at a floating rate, less an amount 
which is required to pay any related swap termination amounts, break costs and any redemption premia (which amount 
shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination amounts, break costs and redemption premia); and (ii) on a pro rata 
basis repaying, prepaying and/or defeasing (by way of credit to the Defeasance Account) the outstanding principal 
amount under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) 
which bears interest at a fixed rate and/or purchasing (at a price not exceeding the Principal Amount Outstanding 
(excluding accrued but unpaid interest) pursuant to a public tender offer on a pro rata basis) Class A Notes, less an 
amount which is required to pay any interest rate swap termination amounts and any redemption premia (which 
amounts shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination amounts and redemption permits). 
Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to 
this paragraph shall be credited to such Obligor Operating Account as the Cash Manager may elect for application by 
the Holdco Group in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
Priority of Payments 
(d) 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting on a Loan Interest Payment Date then amounts standing to the credit of the 
Excess Cashflow Account on that date will be applied in accordance with the provisions described under “—
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Part B—Excess Cash Flow)”. 
Further Information 
(e) 
The Holdco Group must provide such information as to the relevant Trigger Event (including its causes and 
effects) as may be requested by the Obligor Security Trustee acting on the instructions of 20% or more by 
value of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors. 
Trigger Event Remedies 
At any time when an Obligor believes that a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of any of the 
following, it must serve notice on the Obligor Security Trustee to that effect. The Obligor Security Trustee must 
respond within 10 days (or such longer period as it may reasonably agree with the relevant Obligor (as the case may 
be)) confirming that the relevant Trigger Event has, in its reasonable opinion, been remedied or setting out its reasons 
for believing that such Trigger Event has not been remedied (in which case, such event will continue to be a Trigger 
Event until such time as the Obligor Security Trustee is reasonably satisfied that the Trigger Event has been remedied). 
The following shall constitute remedies to the Trigger Events (each, a “Trigger Event Remedy”): 
Liquidity Required Amount 
(f) 
The occurrence of the Liquidity Required Amount Trigger Event will be remedied if an Obligor provides the 
Obligor Security Trustee with documentation evidencing the availability of Liquidity Facilities and/or cash 
credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account up to the Liquidity Required Amount. 
Financial ratio 
(g) 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event pursuant to paragraph (b) (“—Trigger Events—Financial Ratio”), above, 
will be remedied if as at a subsequent Test Date the Class A FCF DSCR is not lower than the Trigger Event 
Ratio Level as stated in the relevant Compliance Certificate (subject to any final determination or dispute 
procedure in accordance with the terms of the CTA). 
Drawdown on Liquidity Facility 
(h) 
The occurrence of a drawdown on Liquidity Facility Trigger Event will be remedied if the aggregate balance 
drawn down (other than by way of Standby Drawings) under the Liquidity Facility is restored to zero and an

--- Page 167 ---
147 
  
amount equal to any sums withdrawn from the Debt Service Reserve Account is deposited into the Debt 
Service Reserve Account. 
CTA Event of Default or failure to deliver a Compliance Certificate 
(i) 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event which is: (i) a CTA Event of Default or (ii) a failure to deliver a 
Compliance Certificate will be remedied if the CTA Event of Default or failure to deliver a Compliance 
Certificate is waived in accordance with the STID or is remedied to the satisfaction of the Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
CTA Events of Default 
CTA Events of Default 
The CTA contains the following of events of default which constitute the “CTA Events of Default” under each 
Senior Finance Document other than any Liquidity Facility Agreement, any Borrower Hedging Agreement and any 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, each one being a “CTA Event of Default”: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
An Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Senior Finance Document in the 
manner required under such Senior Finance Document unless its failure to pay is caused by (i) administrative or 
technical error or (ii) a Disruption Event, and payment is made within five Business Days of the due date. 
(b) 
Breach of financial covenant and delivery of Financial Statements 
Subject to the Equity Cure, the Class A FCF DSCR falls below the Class A Default Ratio Level or any 
Financial Statements (and related Compliance Certificates) are not delivered in accordance with the CTA. 
(c) 
Breach of other obligations 
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Senior Finance Documents (other than those referred to 
in paragraphs (a) (“—CTA Events of Default—Non-Payment”) and (b) (“—CTA Events of Default—Breach of Financial 
Covenant and Delivery of Financial Statements”) above and the Tax Deed of Covenant) unless (i) the failure to comply 
is capable of remedy; and (ii) is remedied within twenty-one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor 
Security Trustee giving notice of the failure to comply to the Holdco Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (B) the 
Holdco Group Agent or an Obligor becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
(d) 
Misrepresentation 
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by an Obligor in the Senior Finance Documents 
(other than the Tax Deed of Covenant) or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in 
connection with any Senior Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
when made or deemed to be made unless (i) the circumstances giving rise to the breach are capable of remedy; and (ii) 
the breach is remedied within twenty-one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor Security Trustee 
giving notice of the misrepresentation or the breach of warranty to the Holdco Group Agent or relevant Obligor and (ii) 
the Holdco Group Agent or an Obligor becoming aware of the misrepresentation or breach of warranty. 
(e) 
Cross Default 
(i) 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company is not paid when due nor 
within any originally applicable grace period. 
(ii) 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
(however described). 
(iii) 
Any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company is 
cancelled or suspended by a creditor of such Obligor, IPCo or Material Company as a result of an 
event of default (however described). 
(iv) 
Any creditor of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company becomes entitled to declare any 
Financial Indebtedness of such Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

--- Page 168 ---
148 
  
(v) 
No CTA Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (e) (“—CTA Events of Default—Cross 
Default”) (i) in respect of any Financial Indebtedness under any Class B IBLA or any other Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility, or (ii) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment 
for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraph (i) above at any time is less than £10,000,000 
(Indexed) (or equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and falling within paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
above at any time is less than £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies). 
(f) 
Insolvency 
(i) 
An Obligor, IPCo or a Material Company: 
(A) 
is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(B) 
is deemed to, or is declared to, be unable to pay its debts under applicable law; 
(C) 
suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts; or 
(D) 
by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or 
more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness. 
(ii) 
A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of an Obligor, IPCo or a Material Company. 
If a moratorium occurs, the ending of the moratorium will not remedy any CTA Event of Default 
caused by that moratorium. 
(g) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) or bankruptcy (within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954) of 
any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any Obligor, IPCo or any 
Material Company; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, Administrative Receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager, Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey or other similar officer in respect of any Obligor, 
IPCo or any Material Company or any of its assets; or 
(iv) 
enforcement of any Security Interest over any assets of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company 
over which Security Interest has been granted in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee under the 
Obligor Security Documents having an aggregate value of £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in 
other currency or currencies), 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, in each case other than any winding-up petition 
which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement, or any step or 
procedure contemplated by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Permitted Transaction”. 
(h) 
Creditors’ process 
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Obligor, IPCo or any Material Company having an aggregate value of 
£25,000,000 (Indexed) (or equivalent in other currencies) and is not discharged within 21 days. 
(i) 
Unlawfulness and invalidity 
(i) 
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor or any other member of the Holdco Group that is a party to 
the STID to perform any of its obligations under the Senior Finance Documents. 
(ii) 
Any Security Interest created or expressed to be created or evidenced by an Obligor Security 
Document ceases to be in full force and effect or an Obligor Security Document does not create the 
Security Interest it purports to create where such cessation or failure (as applicable) would or is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

--- Page 169 ---
149 
  
(iii) 
Subject to the Reservations, any obligation or obligations of any Obligor under any Senior Finance 
Document (or any other member of the Holdco Group under the STID) are not or cease to be legal, 
valid, binding or enforceable. 
(iv) 
Any Security Interest created under the Obligor Security Documents or any subordination created 
under the STID ceases to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable or effective or is alleged by a party to it 
(other than a Senior Finance Party) to be ineffective. 
(v) 
Any of the events or circumstances in paragraphs (i) to (iv) occurs in respect of IPCo and the ABF 
Transaction Documents (as if references to an Obligor, Senior Finance Document, STID and Obligor 
Security Document were references to IPCo, ABF Transaction Documents, ABF Intercreditor Deed 
and ABF Security Agreement respectively). 
(j) 
Repudiation and recession of agreements 
An Obligor (or any other relevant party) rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to repudiate a 
Senior Finance Document or any Security Interest created under the Obligor Security Documents or evidences an 
intention to rescind or repudiate a Senior Finance Document or any Security Interest created under the Obligor Security 
Documents. 
(k) 
Expropriation 
All or a substantial part of the assets of a member of the Holdco Group are seized, nationalised, expropriated 
or compulsorily purchased or an order from the relevant authority has been issued to that effect which, taking into 
account the amount and timing of any compensation payable for such seizure, nationalisation, expropriation or 
compulsorily purchase, it would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(l) 
Cessation of business 
An Obligor, IPCo or a Material Company suspends or ceases, or threatens or proposes to cease, to carry on all 
or a material part of its business except as a result of any Permitted Disposal or where such cessation (or potential 
cessation) would not or is reasonably likely not to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(m) 
Litigation 
Any litigation, arbitration, administrative, governmental, regulatory or other investigations, proceedings or 
disputes are commenced or threatened against any member of the Holdco Group or its material assets which, in each 
case, would be likely to be adversely determined to it and which, if so adversely determined, would or are reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(n) 
Pensions 
The Pension Regulator issues, in respect of one or more members of the Holdco Group, a Financial Support 
Direction or a Contribution Notice which would or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(o) 
Intellectual Property 
Any Intellectual Property ceases to be owned by a member of the Holdco Group and such termination would 
or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(p) 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
A TDC Breach occurs and is continuing. 
(q) 
Non-compliance with STID 
Any party to the STID (other than a Senior Finance Party or an Obligor) fails to comply with the provisions of, 
or does not perform its obligations under, the STID or a representation or warranty given by that party in the STID is 
incorrect in any material respect unless (i) the non-compliance or circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are 
capable of remedy; and (ii) it is remedied within twenty-one (21) days of the earlier of (A) the Issuer or the Obligor 
Security Trustee giving notice of the failure to comply to that party and (B) that party becoming aware of the failure to 
comply or misrepresentation. 
(r) 
Change of ownership

--- Page 170 ---
150 
  
Except in connection with any Permitted Disposal an Obligor (other than Holdco) or a Material Company 
ceases to be, directly or indirectly, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Holdco or any of Holdco, Intermediate Holdco or the 
Borrower ceases to own 100% of the shares in the member of the Holdco Group that is its direct Subsidiary on the 
Closing Date. 
(s) 
Class A Note Event of Default 
A Class A Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing. 
(t) 
IPCo Breach 
(i) 
IPCo, the Partnership or any partner in the Partnership does not comply with any material provision 
of any ABF Transaction Document unless (if provided for in the relevant ABF Transaction 
Document) the failure to comply was remedied in accordance with such ABF Transaction Document. 
(ii) 
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by IPCo, the Partnership or any partner 
in the Partnership in any ABF Transaction Document or any other document delivered by or on behalf 
of any such person under or in connection with any ABF Transaction Document is or proves to have 
been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made unless (if 
provided for in the relevant ABF Transaction Document) the failure to comply was remedied in 
accordance with such ABF Transaction Document. 
(iii) 
IPCo (or any other relevant party) rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to 
repudiate an ABF Transaction Document or any Security Interest created under the ABF Security 
Agreement or evidences an intention to rescind or repudiate an ABF Transaction Document or any 
Security Interest created under the ABF Security Agreement. 
(iv) 
Any party to the ABF Intercreditor Deed (other than a Senior Finance Party) fails to comply with the 
provisions of, or does not perform its obligations under, the ABF Intercreditor Deed or a 
representation or warranty given by that party in the ABF Intercreditor Deed is incorrect in any 
material respect unless the failure to comply was remedied in accordance with such ABF Transaction 
Document. 
CTA Events of Default Consequences 
If a CTA Event of Default occurs and is continuing, it will: 
(a) 
constitute a Trigger Event; 
(b) 
entitle each Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditor to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee, subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility to which it is a party and subject to the provisions 
of the STID to: 
(i) 
cancel the total commitments under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other than Liquidity 
Facilities) whereupon they shall immediately be cancelled; 
(ii) 
declare that all or part of the Utilisations under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other than 
Liquidity Facilities), together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding 
under the Senior Finance Documents be immediately due and payable at which time they shall 
become immediately due and payable; 
(iii) 
declare that all or part of the Utilisations under any Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (other than 
Liquidity Facilities) be payable on demand, at which time they shall immediately become payable on 
demand from the relevant Facility Agent, the Issuer or the relevant majority lenders; 
(iv) 
take any other Enforcement Action other than those required to be taken by the Obligor Security 
Trustee in accordance with the STID; 
(v) 
take any action permitted by the terms of the Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreements; and/or 
(vi) 
exercise or direct the relevant Secured Creditor Representative or Obligor Security Trustee to exercise 
any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Senior Finance Documents; and

--- Page 171 ---
151 
  
(c) 
entitle the Obligor Security Trustee (at its discretion or on the instructions of the Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Creditors) to deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice. At any time after the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice 
the Obligor Security Trustee may, and shall if it is instructed to do so in accordance with the STID, exercise 
any rights under the STID and the Obligor Security Documents. 
Cash Management 
The CTA contains the following rules regarding the cash management of the Holdco Group. 
General 
(a) 
Each Obligor shall open and maintain such Obligor Operating Accounts with an Acceptable Bank as it 
determines from time to time, acting reasonably, are required for the Permitted Business, provided that AA 
Ireland Limited may open and maintain Obligor Operating Accounts with a reputable bank in Ireland whether 
or not it meets the rating requirements in the definition of “Acceptable Bank”. 
(b) 
The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the Borrower Account Bank Agreement and the provisions 
of the CTA that apply to the Designated Accounts maintained by it from time to time. Each other Obligor shall 
comply with the provisions of the CTA that apply to the Designated Accounts and any Obligor Operating 
Accounts maintained by it from time to time. 
(c) 
Each Obligor shall ensure that all of its revenues (other than amounts required to be paid into a Designated 
Account) will be paid into an Obligor Operating Account in its name or the name of another Obligor. 
(d) 
The Obligor Operating Accounts shall be the sole current accounts of the Obligors through which all operating 
expenditure (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Pension Liabilities and following the ABF 
Implementation Date, royalty payments to IPCo under any licence agreements entered into with IPCo) and 
Capital Expenditure or any Taxes incurred by the Obligors and any other payment not prohibited pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents shall be cleared. 
(e) 
The Cash Manager for the Borrower and the Issuer shall be the Holdco Group Agent and will act as Cash 
Manager in respect of the accounts held by the Borrower and the Issuer. At all times prior to the delivery of 
any Loan Enforcement Notice, the Cash Manager shall be authorised by the Borrower, the Issuer and the 
Obligor Security Trustee to operate all such accounts in accordance with the Obligor Pre- Acceleration Priority 
of Payments under the STID. 
(f) 
Following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the Issuer Cash Manager may only act on the 
instructions of the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of any accounts maintained by any member of the 
Holdco Group. 
(g) 
Following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee any amounts standing to 
the credit of: (i) the Obligor Operating Accounts and the Designated Accounts (other than the Mandatory 
Prepayment Account, the Defeasance Account and any Liquidity Facility Standby Account) may only be 
applied in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID; (ii) any 
Liquidity Facility Standby Account shall be repaid to the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider in accordance 
with the STID; and (iii) the Mandatory Prepayment Account or the Defeasance Account may only be applied 
in accordance with the STID. 
(h) 
The Obligors must not open any bank accounts outside the United Kingdom and, (i) in respect of AA Ireland 
Limited only, Ireland and (ii) in respect of TAAL only, TAAL’s bank accounts in France existing as at the date 
of the CTA provided that such bank accounts are used on a basis substantially consistent with the Holdco 
Group’s treasury practice prior to the Closing Date and on the applicable bank account mandate terms as at the 
date of the CTA. None of Holdco, Intermediate Holdco or the Borrower may open any bank accounts other 
than (in the case of the Borrower) the Designated Accounts required to be maintained by it pursuant to the 
CTA. 
(i) 
Each Obligor shall promptly following the request of the Obligor Security Trustee to deliver to it an updated 
list of the accounts (with details thereof) maintained by it. 
(j) 
Subject to paragraphs (a) above and (k) and (l) below of this section (“—Cash Management”), the Borrower 
and each other Obligor are required to procure that the Obligor Operating Accounts and the Designated 
Accounts are maintained with an Acceptable Bank. 
(k) 
If an entity which is the Borrower Account Bank or the account bank in respect of any Designated Account or 
any Obligor Operating Account maintained in the UK by an Obligor other than the Borrower and AA Ireland

--- Page 172 ---
152 
  
Limited ceases to have a credit rating for its long term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations of 
BBB or higher by S&P, then the Cash Manager, Borrower or other relevant Obligor must use reasonable 
endeavours to transfer the affected Obligor Operating Accounts or Designated Accounts to another entity 
which is an Acceptable Bank, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Borrower Account Bank 
Agreement and/or the CTA (as applicable). 
(l) 
A transfer of an Obligor Operating Account or a Designated Account only becomes effective when: 
(i) 
with respect to any Designated Account or any Obligor Operating Account maintained by the 
Borrower, the proposed new Acceptable Bank enters into an agreement substantially on the same 
terms as the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(ii) 
the relevant new account is open and operational; and 
(iii) 
a Security Interest satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee has been granted over such new 
Obligor Operating Account or Designated Account. 
Designated Accounts 
(a) 
(i) 
The Borrower shall maintain the following bank accounts in its name, in each case (other than in 
respect of any Liquidity Facility Standby Accounts) with the Borrower Account Bank: 
(A) 
from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date, an account designated the “Debt 
Service Payment Account”; 
(B) 
from a date no later than 5 Business Days prior to the date on which the first payment is 
required under the Senior Finance Documents to be made into such account, an account 
designated the “Excess Cashflow Account”; 
(C) 
from a date no later than 5 Business Days prior to the date on which the first payment is 
required under the Senior Finance Documents to be made into such account, an account 
designated the “Defeasance Account”; 
(D) 
from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date, an account designated the 
“Mandatory Prepayment Account”; 
(E) 
from no later than immediately prior to the date of any utilisation of any Liquidity Facility, 
an account designated a “Liquidity Facility Standby Account” in respect of each person 
that is a Liquidity Facility Provider under the relevant Liquidity Facility;  
(F) 
from a date at the Borrower’s discretion, an account designated the “Borrower Debt Service 
Reserve Account”; and 
(G) 
from no later than 15 January 2015, an account designated the “TAAL Migration Condition 
Account”, 
on the terms set out in the Borrower Account Bank Agreement, and 
(ii) 
Holdco shall procure that from no later than immediately prior to the Closing Date an account 
designated the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account (“Maintenance Capex Reserve Account”) is 
maintained with an Acceptable Bank in the name of an Obligor that is an English Subsidiary of the 
Borrower, 
each account under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, a “Designated Account””. 
(b) 
No amount may be credited to or debited from a Designated Account other than as expressly provided in the 
CTA and the STID. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager, the Borrower and each other relevant Obligor (as applicable) must ensure that no 
Designated Account goes into overdraft. 
Debt Service Payment Account 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, the Obligors undertake to 
credit the Debt Service Payment Account three Business Days prior to any Loan Interest Payment Date or, if applicable,

--- Page 173 ---
153 
  
any other interest payment date provided for in any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, with sufficient funds to enable 
the Borrower to make any required payments under the Finance Documents due on such Loan Interest Payment Date or, 
if different, such other interest payment date provided for in a Class A Authorised Credit Facility in accordance with 
Part A of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID. If there are insufficient amounts standing 
to the credit of the Debt Service Payment Account on the relevant date to pay all amounts due under the Finance 
Documents, such unpaid amounts shall be paid from any of the Obligor Operating Accounts. 
Excess Cashflow Account 
(a) 
Unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred or paragraph (b)(ii), (c) or (d) below applies, Holdco shall 
deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account within five Business Days after the date of required delivery of the 
consolidated audited Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco Group (and related Compliance Certificate) 
for that Financial Year (and, where relevant, net of any amount credited to the Excess Cashflow Account 
pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii) below in respect of the first six months of the relevant Financial Year) 100% of 
the Excess Cashflow for each Financial Year that is a Bank Debt Sweep Period. 
(b) 
If a Trigger Event is continuing as evidenced by the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered with any 
Financial Statements, Holdco shall be required to deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account within five 
Business Days after the date of required delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate: 
(i) 
100% of Excess Cashflow for the six month period ending on the last day of the Test Period to which 
that Compliance Certificate relates if that Compliance Certificate is delivered with any Semi-Annual 
Financial Statements; and 
(ii) 
100% of Excess Cashflow for the 12 month period ending on the last day of the Test Period to which 
that Compliance Certificate relates if that Compliance Certificate is delivered with any Annual 
Financial Statements (and, where relevant, net of any amount credited to the Excess Cashflow 
Account pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) above in respect of the first six months of the relevant Financial 
Year). 
(c) 
Not less than five Business Days before each Loan Interest Payment Date that falls: 
(i) 
during a Cash Accumulation Period; or 
(ii) 
after a Final Maturity Date for so long as the Financial Indebtedness to which that Final Maturity 
Date related remains outstanding, 
Holdco shall deposit into the Excess Cashflow Account 100% (or, during a Cash Accumulation Period, the 
aggregate Required Accumulation Percentage) of the Projected Excess Cashflow for the six month period ending on 
that Loan Interest Payment Date. In this paragraph, “Projected Excess Cashflow” means Excess Cashflow for the 
relevant six month period as projected by Holdco acting reasonably having regard to the actual and projected financial 
performance of the Holdco Group over that period and as certified to the Obligor Security Trustee by the Holdco Group 
Agent on or not earlier than five Business Days prior to the date the relevant amount is credited to the Excess Cashflow 
Account. 
(d) 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, any amounts standing to 
the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account shall be applied in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments under the STID. 
Maintenance Capex Reserve Account 
(a) 
The Maintenance Capex Reserve Account shall be credited by the Obligors with the difference between the 
Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount required to be spent each Financial Year under the CTA and 
the amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure actually spent by the Obligors in such Financial Year within 
30 days from the end of each Financial Year. 
(b) 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee any amounts standing to 
the credit of the Maintenance Capex Reserve Account may only be utilised by the Obligors to fund a payment 
of Maintenance Capital Expenditure. 
Defeasance Account 
(a) 
The Borrower:

--- Page 174 ---
154 
  
(i) 
shall, if a Trigger Event is subsisting at the relevant time, credit to the Defeasance Account any 
amount of Excess Cashflow standing to the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account required to be 
credited into the Defeasance Account in accordance with Part B of the Obligor Pre- Acceleration 
Priority of Payments under the STID. Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount 
credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to this paragraph shall be released from the Defeasance 
Account and applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with Part B of the Obligor Pre- Acceleration 
Priority of Payments under the STID in the order in which it would have been applied had a Trigger 
Event not occurred and any excess amounts shall be credited to such Obligor Operating Account as 
the Cash Manager may elect and applied in accordance with the Senior Finance Documents; 
(ii) 
may at its discretion pay any Equity Cure amounts into the Defeasance Account. Such amounts may 
only be released in accordance with paragraph (b)(ii)(A)(II) (“—Covenants—Financial Covenants 
and Equity Cure”) above; 
(iii) 
shall credit any amounts required to be paid into the Defeasance Account in accordance with 
paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary Prepayment”) above. 
Any such amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account may be applied only in 
accordance with paragraph (c) (“—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences—Voluntary 
Prepayment”) above; and 
(iv) 
prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event, (with respect to any amounts it wishes to use for the 
defeasance of any Class A IBLA in respect of any Class A Notes) may or, following the occurrence of 
any Trigger Event, shall, deposit the proceeds of any Disposal Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds in the 
Defeasance Account in accordance with “—Cash Management—Mandatory Prepayment from 
Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds” below. Any Disposal Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds 
standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account may only be applied in accordance with “—Cash 
Management—Mandatory Prepayment from Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds” below. 
(b) 
Pending application, amounts credited to the Defeasance Account shall be held for the benefit of the Class A 
Authorised Credit Providers under the fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities in respect of which the 
relevant amounts were credited. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager shall maintain appropriate entries in respect of the Defeasance Account and any amounts 
credited to or debited from it which identify the fixed rate Class A Authorised Credit Facilities in respect of 
which those debits and credits are made. In the absence of manifest error such entries are conclusive evidence 
of the matters to which they relate. 
(d) 
On or following any Expected Maturity Date in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes any amounts 
credited to the Defeasance Account in respect of the corresponding Class A IBLA Advance must be applied 
toward prepayment of such Class A IBLA Advance (including any redemption premium payable by the 
Obligors). 
Mandatory Prepayment Account 
(a) 
Any amount (other than Excess Cashflow) required to be applied in prepayment of any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility that bears interest at a floating rate may, if permitted under the relevant Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility, be credited to the Mandatory Prepayment Account for application in prepayment of amounts 
outstanding under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility at the time provided for in the relevant Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (and pending such application shall be held for the benefit of the Class A 
Authorised Credit Providers and the Class A Authorised Credit Facilities in respect of which the relevant 
amount was credited). 
(b) 
Subject to the terms of the STID, the proceeds of any Additional Financial Indebtedness which have been 
raised for the purpose of refinancing any Class A Authorised Credit Facility and are required to be applied in 
prepayment of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility may, if permitted under the terms of such Additional 
Financial Indebtedness, be credited to the Mandatory Prepayment Account (or such other account as the new 
Authorised Credit Providers require for the holding of the proceeds pending their application for repayment of 
the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility) and held in it until such time as the Borrower elects to prepay 
or repay such Class A Authorised Credit Facility to be refinanced with such proceeds. 
(c) 
The Cash Manager shall maintain appropriate entries in respect of the Mandatory Prepayment Account and 
any amounts credited to or debited from it which identify the Class A Authorised Credit Facility in respect of 
which those debits and credits are made. In the absence of manifest error such entries are conclusive evidence 
of the matters to which they relate.

--- Page 175 ---
155 
  
Liquidity Facility Standby Account 
Subject to the terms of the STID and any Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower shall pay the proceeds of 
any Standby Drawing into the Liquidity Facility Standby Account with the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider unless 
such Standby Drawing is made as a result of a downgrade of such Liquidity Facility Provider below the Requisite 
Rating in which case the proceeds of any Standby Drawing shall be paid into a Liquidity Facility Standby Account with 
the Borrower Account Bank. 
Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account 
(a) 
Any member of the Holdco Group may credit the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account with funds which 
shall be utilised by the Borrower to fund any Liquidity Shortfall. 
(b) 
No amount may be debited from the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account (other than to the Debt Service 
Payment Account) if that would cause the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance with paragraph (a) (“—
Trigger Events—Trigger Event Remedies—Liquidity Required Amount”) above. 
TAAL Migration Condition Account 
(a) 
Unless paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) under “—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow 
Account” above apply, in respect of any Financial Year ending on 31 January 2015, 31 January 2016 or 31 
January 2017, if the unconsolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (calculated in 
the same way as EBITDA and excluding all intra-group items and investments in Subsidiaries of any member 
of the Holdco Group) of TAAL are 10% or more of the EBITDA of the Holdco Group for the relevant 
Financial Year then, unless the TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date has occurred prior to the date of 
delivery of the Compliance Certificate in respect of the Test Period ending on such date, Holdco shall credit 
100% of Excess Cashflow for that Financial Year to the TAAL Migration Condition Account (and, where 
relevant net of any amount credited to the Excess Cashflow Account pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) under “—
Cash Management—Excess Cashflow Account” above in respect of the first six months of the relevant 
Financial Year) provided that, if paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) under “—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow 
Account” applies, and there are remaining amounts following the application of Excess Cashflow in 
accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments under the STID, then such remaining 
amounts shall be credited to the TAAL Migration Condition Account. 
(b) 
If the TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date occurs, any amounts standing to the credit of the TAAL 
Migration Condition Account may be released to the Holdco Group without the consent of the Obligor 
Security Trustee. 
Cash Pooling 
Each Obligor shall (and Holdco shall procure that each other member of the Holdco Group will) ensure that 
any netting and set-off arrangements entered into by members of the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of its banking 
arrangements for the purposes of netting debit and credit balances of Obligor Operating Accounts of members of the 
Holdco Group shall only be netted in an account in the name of an Obligor and to the extent permitted by paragraph (d) 
of the definition of “Permitted Security”. 
Mandatory Prepayment from Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds 
(a) 
The Obligors will agree that prior to a Qualifying Public Offering and unless a Trigger Event has occurred and 
is continuing at the relevant prepayment is required to be made, any Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds 
required to be applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities must be used, at the Borrower’s 
discretion, to permanently repay, prepay, defease (by way of credit to the Defeasance Account) or purchase 
any Class A Notes and/or any amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding 
any Hedging Agreement and any Liquidity Facility), and to pay any related swap termination amounts under 
any Hedging Agreement, break costs and redemption premia payable in connection herewith. 
(b) 
If a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing at the relevant time then, notwithstanding the terms of the 
Class A Authorised Credit Facilities, any Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds required to be applied in 
prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities must be applied pro rata in or towards (i) repaying or 
prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility 
(excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreements) which bears interest at a floating rate, less an 
amount which is required to pay any related swap termination amounts, break costs and any redemption 
premia (which amount shall be applied in satisfaction of such termination amounts, break costs and redemption 
premia); and (ii) on a pro rata basis repaying, prepaying and/or defeasing (by way of credit to the Defeasance

--- Page 176 ---
156 
  
Account) the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any 
Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) which bears interest at a fixed rate and/or purchasing Class A 
Notes (at a price not exceeding the Principal Amount Outstanding (excluding accrued but unpaid interest) 
pursuant to a public tender offer on a pro rata basis), less an amount which is required to pay any related swap 
termination amounts and redemption premia) (which amount shall be applied in satisfaction of such 
termination amounts and redemption premia). 
(c) 
Once the Trigger Event is no longer continuing any amount credited to the Defeasance Account pursuant to 
paragraph (b) above shall be applied as set out in paragraph (a) above with any excess to be credited to such 
Obligor Operating Account as the Cash Manager may elect for application by the Holdco Group in accordance 
with the Transaction Documents. 
(d) 
Following a Qualifying Public Offering, any Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds may be applied at the 
discretion of the Borrower (subject always to the terms of the Senior Finance Documents). 
Hedging Policy 
Risks Arising in The Ordinary Course of Business 
(a) 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group may enter into Treasury Transactions for the 
purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of the Holdco Group’s business, including, amongst 
others, risks deriving from exposures to fluctuations in interest rates and, subject to paragraph (a) under “—
OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions” below, the price of commodities and currency exchange rates. 
The Issuer and the PP Note Issuer shall not enter into Treasury Transactions other than Hedging Transactions. 
(b) 
Treasury Transactions may be entered into with one or more counterparties. No member of the Holdco Group, 
the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer may enter into Treasury Transactions for the purpose of 
speculation. 
(c) 
No member of the Holdco Group, the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer may enter into Treasury 
Transactions that are inflation swaps. 
OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions 
(a) 
The Borrower and each other member of the Holdco Group may enter into OCB Treasury Transactions that are 
Commodity Hedging Transactions and/or FX Hedging Transactions for the purpose of hedging risks arising in 
the ordinary course of business from exposures to fluctuations in the price of commodities and/or foreign 
exchange rates (collectively, the “OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions”), provided that, subject to 
paragraph (g) under “—Risks Arising In Connection With The Relevant Debt” below, the Obligors may only 
enter into such transactions on an OCB Trade Date if: 
(i) 
in the case of a Commodity Hedging Transaction, the aggregate of the OCB Commodities Notional 
Amounts for all Commodity Hedging Transactions on such OCB Trade Date (including any 
Commodity Hedging Transaction to be entered into on such OCB Trade Date) is not greater than the 
OCB Secured Transaction Cap in respect of Commodity Hedging Transactions; and 
(ii) 
in the case of an FX Hedging Transaction, the aggregate of the OCB FX Calculation Amounts for all 
FX Hedging Transactions on such OCB Trade Date (including any FX Hedging Transaction to be 
entered into on such OCB Trade Date) is not greater than the OCB Secured Transaction Cap in 
respect of FX Hedging Transactions. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this section: 
“OCB Commodities Notional Amount” means, in respect of a Commodity Hedging Transaction and any 
day, the “Notional Amount” under (and as defined in) such Commodity Hedging Transaction on such day; 
“OCB FX Calculation Amount” means, in respect of an FX Hedging Transaction and any day, the 
“Calculation Amount” under (and as defined in) such FX Hedging Transaction on such day; 
“OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties” means each Commodity Hedge Counterparty, each FX Hedge 
Counterparty and each OCB Treasury Counterparty; 
“OCB Secured Hedging Agreements” means each ISDA Master Agreement entered into by an Obligor and a 
Commodity Hedge Counterparty, an FX Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Treasury Counterparty (as applicable) in 
accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each relevant OCB Secured Hedging Transaction

--- Page 177 ---
157 
  
forming part thereof is entered into) and which governs the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Transaction between such 
parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing 
the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Transaction entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement; 
“OCB Secured Hedging Transactions” means each OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transaction and each 
OCB Treasury Transaction; 
“OCB Secured Transaction Cap” means: 
(i) 
in respect of Commodity Hedging Transactions, an amount equal to £15,000,000 or the equivalent 
amount in another currency, converted at the spot rate available to the Borrower at the time of 
conversion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in respect of FX Hedging Transactions, an amount equal to £50,000,000 or the equivalent amount in 
another currency, converted at the spot rate available to the Borrower at the time of conversion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner; 
“OCB Trade Date” means a date on which the relevant Obligor proposes to enter into an OCB Secured 
Capped Hedging Transaction; 
“OCB Treasury Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
which has acceded as an Obligor Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement; and 
“OCB Treasury Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction (that is not a Hedging Transaction) entered into 
by an Obligor and an OCB Treasury Counterparty for the purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course of 
business. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Obligors under the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements shall be secured by the Obligor 
Security. 
Risks Arising in Connection with The Relevant Debt 
(a) 
The Borrower, the Issuer and the PP Note Issuer may enter into Hedging Transactions for the purpose of 
hedging risks deriving from exposures to fluctuation in, inter alia, interest rates and currency exchange rates 
arising in connection with the Relevant Debt. Hedging Agreements and Hedging Transactions may be entered 
into with one or more Hedge Counterparties, subject to paragraph (a) under “—Principles Relating to Hedge 
Counterparties” below. 
(b) 
The Borrower the Issuer and the PP Note Issuer may execute forward-starting hedging arrangements to 
mitigate interest rate and currency exchange rate risks associated with the incurrence (including future 
incurrence) of the Relevant Debt. 
(c) 
In the event the Issuer enters into any Hedging Transactions under an Issuer Hedging Agreement, the 
economic effect of such Hedging Transactions shall be passed on to the Borrower either through the Class A 
IBLA or by way of back-to-back hedge agreements between the Borrower and the Issuer. 
(d) 
The Hedging Policy will be reviewed from time to time by the Borrower and the Issuer and may be amended 
as appropriate in line with market practice, regulatory developments and good industry practice in accordance 
with the provisions of the STID. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (f) under “—Risks Arising In Connection With The Relevant Debt” below, no amendment, 
waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Hedging Agreement will require the consent of 
any party other than the parties to such Hedging Agreement provided that such amendment, waiver, 
modification or termination (as the case may be) does not result in any breach of the Hedging Policy, in which 
case such amendment, waiver, modification or termination will be subject to the provisions of the STID. 
(f) 
No amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Hedging Transaction or Hedging 
Agreement required to meet the requirements of the Rating Agency from time to time will require the consent 
of any party other than the parties to the relevant Hedging Agreement. 
(g) 
For the purpose of determining compliance with the cap on OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions under 
paragraph (a) of “—OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions” above, the currency risk principles under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of “—Currency Risk Principles” below and the interest rate risk principles under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of “—Interest Rate Risk Principles” below, the notional amount and/or currency amount 
of an OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transaction or a Hedging Transaction on any date shall be reduced by the

--- Page 178 ---
158 
  
notional amount and/or or currency amount of an OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transaction or a Hedging 
Transaction that is an Offsetting Transaction or an Overlay Transaction with respect thereto (as applicable) on 
that date. 
Currency Risk Principles 
(a) 
At any time, the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer (taken together) will hedge currency risk in 
respect of the interest payable and the repayment of principal in relation to the total outstanding Relevant Debt 
which is denominated in a currency other than GBP (a “Foreign Currency”) to ensure that at any time: 
(i) 
a minimum of 100% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency is 
hedged pursuant to XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the shorter of 
(x) the average maturity of the Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency; and (y) three years; 
and 
(ii) 
the aggregate notional amount of XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions does not exceed 110% of 
the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
(b) 
In the event that the aggregate notional amount of XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions relating to the 
Relevant Debt which is denominated in a Foreign Currency exceeds 110% of the total outstanding Relevant 
Debt denominated in a Foreign Currency (after taking into account any offset effected by any Offsetting 
Transactions and Overlay Transactions) (a “XCCY Overhedged Position”), then the Borrower, the PP Note 
Issuer or the Issuer must, within 30 calendar days of becoming aware of the XCCY Overhedged Position, 
reduce the aggregate notional amount of the XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions (which may be 
achieved by terminating one or more XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions (in whole or in part) at the 
discretion of the Borrower, the Issuer or the PP Note Issuer, as applicable) and/or entering into Offsetting 
Transactions and/or Overlay Transactions so that it is in compliance with the parameters in paragraph (a) under 
“—Currency Risk Principles” above. 
(c) 
Foreign exchange rate risk will be hedged through derivative instruments including but not limited to swaps, 
caps, options and collars in order to comply with paragraph (a) under “—Currency Risk Principles” above. 
Interest Rate Risk Principles 
(a) 
At any time, the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer will (taken together) hedge the interest rate risk in 
relation to the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP to ensure that at any time: 
(i) 
a minimum of 75% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP is hedged pursuant to 
GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions for a term no less than the shorter of (x) the average maturity 
of the Relevant Debt denominated in GBP; and (y) three years; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate notional amount of Interest Rate Hedging Transactions does not exceed 110% of the 
total outstanding Relevant Debt denominated in GBP. 
(b) 
In the event that the aggregate notional amount of GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions relating to the 
Relevant Debt denominated in GBP exceeds 110% of the total outstanding Relevant Debt (after taking into 
account any offset effected by any Offsetting Transactions and Overlay Transactions) (an “Overhedged 
Position”), then the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer or the Issuer must, within 30 calendar days of becoming 
aware of the Overhedged Position, reduce the aggregate notional amount of the GBP Interest Rate Hedging 
Transactions (which may be achieved by terminating one or more GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions (in 
whole or in part) at the discretion of the Borrower, the PP Note Issuer or the Issuer, as applicable) and/or 
entering into Offsetting Transactions and/or Overlay Transactions so that it is in compliance with the 
parameters in paragraph (a) of “—Interest Rate Risk Principles” above. 
(c) 
Interest rate risk on floating rate liabilities will be hedged through derivative instruments including but not 
limited to swaps, caps, options and collars in order to comply with paragraph (a) of “—Interest Rate Risk 
Principles” above. 
Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties 
(a) 
The Borrower, the PP Note Issuer and the Issuer may only enter into Hedging Transactions or OCB Secured 
Hedging Transactions with counterparties whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are assigned a 
rating by the Rating Agency which is no less than the Minimum Long Term Rating, or where a parent 
guarantee is provided by an institution which meets the requisite criteria of the Rating Agency with respect to 
parent guarantees.

--- Page 179 ---
159 
  
(b) 
The counterparty principles under paragraph (a) of “—Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties” above are 
to be tested only on the entry into each Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging Transaction (as 
applicable) and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not apply to any amendment, modification or waiver made in 
respect of such Hedging Transaction or OCB Secured Hedging Transaction (as applicable). Without prejudice 
to either the Borrower’s, the Issuer’s or the PP Note Issuer’s (as applicable) obligations to comply with the 
counterparty principles on entry into each Hedging Transaction or each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction (as 
applicable), neither will have any obligation to take any action (or to cease to take any action) if a Hedge 
Counterparty or an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) subsequently ceases to satisfy the criteria 
set out in paragraph (a) of “—Principles Relating to Hedge Counterparties” above. 
Principles Relating to Hedging Agreements 
All Hedging Agreements and all OCB Secured Hedging Agreements must be entered into (whether by way of 
novation or otherwise) in the form of the ISDA Master Agreement with a schedule substantially on the terms set out 
below (subject to (i) any amendment that a Hedge Counterparty or an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) 
may require for tax or regulatory purposes and (ii) in the case of the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements, (x) the 
disapplication of the following additional termination events: “Discharge of all Debt”, “Overhedging—GBP 
Denominated Debt” and “Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated Debt” (as set out below) (“Additional 
Termination Events”) in respect of an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and (y) any amendments and provisions that 
are customary for FX or commodity transactions of such nature) (the “Pro-Forma Hedging Agreement”). 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any Hedging Agreement, the relevant Borrower or the Issuer 
and each Hedge Counterparty will be required to agree that: 
(a) 
the Hedge Counterparty may only designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging 
Agreement) if one or more of the following events has occurred and is continuing: 
(i) 
with respect to the Borrower Hedging Agreements: 
(A) 
in relation to the Borrower only, a non-payment or non-delivery Event of Default, if it relates 
to non-payment or non-delivery under such Borrower Hedging Agreement unless such failure 
to pay or deliver is caused by: 
(I) 
an administrative or technical error; or 
(II) 
a Disruption Event, 
and such payment is made within five Business Days of the due date; 
(B) 
a CTA Event of Default has occurred in respect of which a Loan Acceleration Notice has 
been delivered; 
(C) 
all outstanding Relevant Debt, other than obligations under the Borrower Hedging 
Agreement and the OCB secured Hedging Agreements are irrevocably and unconditionally 
repaid, prepaid or cancelled in full (the “Discharge of all Debt”) or the relevant Hedge 
Counterparty becomes aware that the Borrower has given notice of any proposed 
prepayment, repayment or cancellation of all outstanding Relevant Debt (other than the 
obligations under the Borrower Hedging Agreement and the OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreements) in full; 
(D) 
a Hedging Transaction is entered into which does not comply with the Hedging Policy on its 
Trade Date, provided that the Hedge Counterparty to such Hedging Transaction may only 
designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) in 
respect of such Hedging Transaction; or 
(E) 
any event outlined in Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) of the Hedging Agreement (as amended 
by the relevant schedule to such Hedging Agreement to disapply, with respect to the 
Borrower, (i) Sections 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement, (ii) Section 
5(a)(vii)(3) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any assignment, 
arrangement or composition that is effected by any Senior Finance Document; (iii) Section 
5(a)(vii)(4) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any proceedings or 
petitions instituted or presented by any Borrower Hedge Counterparty or any Affiliate 
thereof, (iv) Section 5(a)(vii)(6) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to (1) 
any appointment that is contemplated or effected by any document to which the relevant 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty is a party in connection with the transactions contemplated by

--- Page 180 ---
160 
  
the Class A IBLA or (2) any such appointment to which the Borrower has not yet become 
subject and (v) Section 5(a)(vii)(8) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent that it 
applies to Section 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (4), (5) and (6) of the ISDA Master Agreement as they 
apply with respect to the Borrower; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Issuer Hedging Agreements, 
(A) 
in relation to the Issuer only, a non-payment or non-delivery Event of Default, if it relates to 
non-payment or non-delivery under such Borrower Hedging Agreement unless such failure to 
pay or deliver is caused by: 
(I) 
an administrative or technical error; or 
(II) 
a Disruption Event, 
and such payment is made within 5 Business Days of the due date; 
(B) 
a Class A Note Event of Default has occurred in respect of which the Class A Notes are 
accelerated; 
(C) 
all outstanding Relevant Debt (other than obligations and liabilities under the Issuer Hedging 
Agreements and any PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreements) are irrevocably and 
unconditionally repaid, prepaid or cancelled in full or the relevant Hedge Counterparty 
becomes aware that the Issuer has given notice of any proposed prepayment, repayment or 
cancellation of all outstanding Relevant Debt (other than the obligations under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreements and any PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreements Hedging Agreements) in 
full; 
(D) 
a Hedging Transaction is entered into which does not comply with the Hedging Policy on its 
Trade Date, provided that the Hedge Counterparty to such Hedging Transaction may only 
designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) in 
respect of such Hedging Transaction; or 
(E) 
any event outlined in Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) of the Hedging Agreement (as amended 
by the relevant schedule to such Hedging Agreement to disapply, with respect to the Issuer, 
(i) Sections 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement, (ii) Section 5(a)(vii)(3) 
of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any assignment, arrangement or 
composition that is effected by any Finance Document; (iii) Section 5(a)(vii)(4) of the ISDA 
Master Agreement to the extent it refers to any proceedings or petitions instituted or 
presented by any Issuer Hedge Counterparty or any Affiliate thereof, (iv) Section 5(a)(vii)(6) 
of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent it refers to (1) any appointment that is 
contemplated or effected by any document to which the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
is a party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Class A Note Trust Deed 
or (2) any such appointment to which the Issuer has not yet become subject and (v) Section 
5(a)(vii)(8) of the ISDA Master Agreement to the extent that it applies to Section 5(a)(vii)(1), 
(3), (4), (5) and (6) of the ISDA Master Agreement as they apply with respect to the Issuer; 
(iii) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(i) (Illegality) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(iv) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(ii) (Tax Event) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(v) 
an event outlined in Section 5(b)(iii) (Tax Event upon Merger) of the Hedging Agreement; 
(vi) 
if a break clause or right of early termination (whether mandatory or optional) granted in favour of the 
Borrower or the Issuer or the relevant Hedge Counterparty is exercisable in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Hedging Agreement; and 
(vii) 
a Hedge Excess in respect of the total principal amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which is 
denominated in GBP has occurred and is continuing and 30 calendar days have elapsed since the 
Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) first became aware of the occurrence of such Hedge Excess 
(the “Overhedging—GBP Denominated Debt”), provided that: 
(A) 
if an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) is designated in 
respect of a Transaction that is a GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction (an “Original 
Transaction”) pursuant to this Additional Termination Event, such Original Transaction

--- Page 181 ---
161 
  
shall be split, on the designated Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging 
Agreement), into two Transactions. One of such Transactions (a “Continuing Transaction”) 
will have a notional amount equal to the Continuing Notional Amount and the other 
Transaction (an “Excess Transaction”) will have a notional amount equal to the Excess 
Notional Amount. Otherwise, the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction shall 
have the same terms as the Original Transaction. Each Continuing Transaction shall continue 
and shall not be an affected transaction and each Excess Transaction shall be an affected 
transaction in respect of such Additional Termination Event; 
(B) 
the “Excess Notional Amount” in respect of an Excess Transaction shall be an amount equal 
to the product of (1) the Excess Above 110% and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
notional amount of the relevant Original Transaction as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into the 
Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) and the denominator of which is the 
Total Hedged Amount as of the occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but 
prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the 
Excess Transaction); 
(C) 
the “Continuing Notional Amount” in respect of a Continuing Transaction shall be an 
amount determined by a Hedge Counterparty equal to the notional amount as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the 
Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) of the 
relevant Original Transaction less the Excess Notional Amount of the Excess Transaction 
relating to that Original Transaction; 
(D) 
The Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party; provided that for 
the purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master Agreement, both parties shall be 
affected Parties; and 
(E) 
pursuant to this Additional Termination Event, no Early Termination Date (as defined in the 
relevant Hedging Agreement) may be designated in respect of a Transaction that is not a 
GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction. 
For the purposes of this Additional Termination Event only: 
“Aggregate Hedged Amount” means, on any day, the aggregate of the notional amounts on 
such day of the Transactions that are GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transactions provided that the 
notional amount of a GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction shall be reduced by the notional amount 
of any Offsetting Transaction or Overlay Transaction; 
“Excess Above 110%” means, on any day, the amount by which the Total Hedged Amount 
on such day exceeds the Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount on such day; 
“GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction 
under which all payments are denominated in GBP; 
“Hedge Excess” means that, on any day, the Total Hedged Amount exceeds the Permitted 
Maximum Hedged Amount; 
“Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount” means an amount equal to 110% of the total 
principal amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which is denominated in GBP; and 
“Total Hedged Amount” means, at any time, the sum of each “Aggregate Hedged Amount” 
(as such term is defined in each Hedging Agreement) with respect to each Hedging Agreement in 
place at that time. 
(viii) 
A Hedge Excess in respect of Relevant Debt denominated in a certain Foreign Currency (the 
“Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated Debt”) has occurred and is continuing and 30 
calendar days have elapsed since the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) first became aware of the 
occurrence of such Hedge Excess. For the purpose of this Additional Termination Event only: 
(A) 
if an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) is designated in 
respect of a Transaction (an “Original Transaction”) pursuant to this Additional Termination 
Event, such Original Transaction shall be split, on the designated Early Termination Date (as 
defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement), into two Transactions. One of such

--- Page 182 ---
162 
  
Transactions (a “Continuing Transaction”) will have a calculation amount equal to the 
Continuing Notional Amount and the other Transaction (an “Excess Transaction” will have a 
calculation amount equal to the Excess Notional Amount. Otherwise, the Continuing 
Transaction and the Excess Transaction shall have the same terms as the Original 
Transaction. Each Continuing Transaction shall continue and shall not be an affected 
transaction and each Excess Transaction shall be an affected transaction in respect of such 
Additional Termination Event; 
(B) 
the “Excess Notional Amount” in respect of an Excess Transaction shall be an amount equal 
to the product of (1) the Excess Above 110% and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
calculation amount of the relevant Original Transaction as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into the 
Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) and the denominator of which is the 
Total Hedged Amount as of the occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but 
prior to the splitting of the Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the 
Excess Transaction);  
(C) 
the “Continuing Notional Amount” in respect of a Continuing Transaction shall be an 
amount determined by Hedge Counterparty equal to the calculation amount as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Additional Termination Event (but prior to the splitting of the 
Original Transaction into the Continuing Transaction and the Excess Transaction) of the 
relevant Original Transaction less the Excess Notional Amount of the Excess Transaction 
relating to that Original Transaction; 
(D) 
the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party; provided that for the 
purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master Agreement, both parties shall be affected 
Parties; and 
(E) 
no Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) may be 
designated in respect of a Transaction that is not a XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction 
denominated in the same Foreign Currency as the Hedge Excess. 
For the purposes of this Additional Termination Event only: 
“Excess Above 110%” means, on any day, the amount by which the Total Hedged Amount 
exceeds the Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount at that time; 
“Hedge Excess” means that, on any day, the Total Hedged Amount exceeds the Permitted 
Maximum Hedged Amount; 
“Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount” means an amount equal to 110% of the total 
principal amount outstanding of the Relevant Debt which is denominated in a certain Foreign 
Currency; 
“Total Hedged Amount” means, at any time, the sum of each “XCCY Aggregate Hedged 
Amount” (as such term is defined in each Hedging Agreement) with respect to each Hedging 
Agreement in place at that time; 
“XCCY Aggregate Hedged Amount” means in respect of any Foreign Currency, on any 
day, the aggregate of the calculation amounts (denominated in that Foreign Currency) of the 
Transactions that are XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transactions in respect of that Foreign Currency 
provided that the calculation amount of a XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction shall be reduced 
by the calculation amount of any Offsetting Transaction or Overlay Transaction; and 
“XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means, in respect of Relevant Debt 
denominated in a certain Foreign Currency, an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which at least 
one transaction calculation amount is denominated in such Foreign Currency. 
(ix) 
If (a) the NFC Representation made by the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) proves to be or has 
become incorrect or misleading in any material respect or (b) such Transaction is (i) a Relevant 
Transaction on the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date; and (ii) not Cleared on or prior to 
the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date, it will constitute an Additional Termination Event 
in respect of which: 
(A) 
such transaction will be the sole affected transaction; and

--- Page 183 ---
163 
  
(B) 
the Borrower or the Issuer (as applicable) will be the sole affected Party provided that both 
parties will be affected Parties for the purposes of Section 6(b)(iv) of the ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
For the sole purposes of any determination pursuant to Section 6(e) following the designation of an 
Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) as a result of this Additional 
Termination Event, it will be deemed that the Transaction is not a Relevant Transaction. 
(b) 
Save as set out in paragraph (a) of “—Principles Relating to Hedging Agreements” above, no Event of Default 
(as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) shall apply in relation to the Borrower, the Issuer or any member 
of the Holdco Group (as applicable) and no Termination Event (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) in 
respect of which the Hedge Counterparty or any OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) would have 
a right to terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement or the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as 
applicable) or any Hedging Transaction or any OCB Secured Hedging Transaction thereunder shall apply.  
(c) 
The Borrower or the Issuer may enter into Hedging Transactions that contain break clauses or optional early 
termination rights, including, for the avoidance of doubt, rights of “Optional Early Termination” and 
“Mandatory Early Termination” as described in Article 14 and Article 17 of the 2006 Definitions. 
(d) 
Each Hedge Counterparty and OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty will be required to acknowledge in the 
relevant Hedging Agreement and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) that all amounts 
payable or expressed to be payable by the Borrower or the Issuer under or in connection with such Hedging 
Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) shall only be recoverable (and all rights of the 
relevant Hedge Counterparty or the relevant OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) under the 
relevant Hedging Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable) shall only be exercisable) 
subject to and in accordance with the STID or the Transaction Documents as applicable. 
To the extent not otherwise provided for: 
(i) 
Hedge Counterparties and OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties will be entitled to receive the same 
financial information and all notices as delivered to the Class A Authorised Credit Provider under the 
CTA or to the Class A Noteholders under the Class A Note Trust Deed, provided that any Hedge 
Counterparty or OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty (as applicable) that is also a Class A Authorised 
Credit Provider shall receive any such information and notices only once; and 
(ii) 
the Borrower or the Issuer will make appropriate representations in Hedging Agreements and OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreements that the transaction constitutes permitted hedging under the terms of 
the CTA, the STID and Transaction Documents as applicable. 
Governing Law 
The CTA and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
General 
The intercreditor arrangements in respect of the Holdco Group, the Obligor Secured Creditors (including the 
Issuer), Topco and the Topco Secured Creditors (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”) are contained in the STID 
entered into on 2 July 2013. The Intercreditor Arrangements bind each of the Obligor Secured Creditors (including the 
Issuer), each of the Obligors, Topco and the Topco Secured Creditors. 
The Obligor Secured Creditors include all providers of Obligor Secured Liabilities that enter into or accede to 
the STID. Any new Authorised Credit Provider will be required to accede to the STID and, if the Authorised Credit 
Provider will be an Obligor Secured Creditor under a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, the CTA. The STID also 
contains provisions restricting the rights of Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors. No member 
of the Holdco Group (which is not an Obligor) may provide Financial Indebtedness in an amount exceeding £5.0 
million (determined on a net basis after taking into account any Permitted Loans made by the relevant Obligor to the 
relevant member of the Holdco Group) to any Obligor unless such person has first acceded to the STID as a 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor. No Investor may provide Financial Indebtedness to any member of the Holdco Group 
except Holdco, provided that Holdco is permitted to incur such Financial Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of 
the Transaction Documents and such Investor has first acceded to the STID as a Subordinated Investor.

--- Page 184 ---
164 
  
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things (a) the claims of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors against the Obligors; (b) the exercise of rights by the Obligor Secured Creditors, including in relation 
to any enforcement and acceleration of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and the Obligor Security; (c) the rights of the 
Obligor Secured Creditors to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee; (d) the exercise and enforcement of rights by the 
Topco Secured Creditors in relation to the Topco Security; (e) the Entrenched Rights and the Reserved Matters of the 
Obligor Secured Creditors; and (f) the giving of consents and waivers and the making of modifications to the Common 
Documents, the Senior Finance Documents (other than the Common Documents), the Junior Finance Documents (other 
than the Common Documents) and the Topco Transaction Documents (other than the Common Documents). 
The Intercreditor Arrangements also provide for the ranking in point of payment of the claims of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors, both before and after the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice and for the subordination of all 
claims of Subordinated Intragroup Creditors and Subordinated Investors to the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors 
in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. Each Obligor Secured Creditor, each Obligor, each Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor and each Subordinated Investor give certain undertakings in the STID, which serve to maintain the 
integrity of these arrangements. The STID also provides for the application of proceeds of the enforcement of the Topco 
Security. For further information on the ranking in point of payment of the claims of the Issuer Secured Creditors see 
the section “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—The Issuer Deed of Charge”. 
Guarantee 
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, each Obligor irrevocably and unconditionally: 
(a) 
guarantees to the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) the 
punctual performance and observation by each other Obligor of the Obligor Secured Liabilities; 
(b) 
undertakes with the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) 
that whenever an Obligor does not pay any Obligor Secured Liabilities when due under or in connection with 
any Finance Document, the Obligor shall immediately on demand by the Obligor Security Trustee pay that 
amount as if it was the principal obligor; and 
(c) 
agrees with the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) that if 
any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and 
primary obligation, indemnify the Obligor Secured Creditors immediately on demand against any cost, loss or 
liability it incurs as a result of an Obligor not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, 
invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under any Finance Document on the date when it would have 
been due. The amount payable by the Obligor under this indemnity will not exceed the amount it would have 
had to pay under the guarantee if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee. 
If the shares in an Obligor are disposed of pursuant to a Permitted Disposal which is not otherwise restricted 
by the Finance Documents or pursuant to a Distressed Disposal or otherwise in accordance with the STID, the Obligor 
Security Trustee is authorised to release the guarantee granted by that Obligor being sold. In addition, following the 
TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date, if the Holdco Group Agent certifies to the Obligor Security Trustee that 
TAAL (a) has ceased to be a Material Company and (b) is in a position to effect a solvent liquidation, pursuant to the 
STID, the Obligor Security Trustee is irrevocably authorised and instructed to release TAAL from its obligations in 
respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities (including the guarantee) and to release the Obligor Security provided by 
TAAL in respect thereof, whereupon TAAL shall cease to be an Obligor and bound by the Finance Documents to which 
it is a party. 
Modifications, Consents and Waivers—Common Documents 
In relation to the Common Documents, the STID contains detailed provisions setting out the voting and 
instruction mechanics in respect of (a) Ordinary Voting Matters; (b) Extraordinary Voting Matters; and (c) Entrenched 
Rights and Reserved Matters (as further described below in “—Types of Voting Categories—Common Documents”). 
Subject to Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters (which will always require the consent of the relevant Obligor 
Secured Creditors who are affected by the proposed modification or request for consent or waiver, as applicable) and 
Extraordinary Voting Matters and, save as described below in “—Discretion Matters” and “—Class B STID Proposal”, 
the Obligor Security Trustee will only agree to any modification of, or grant any consent or waiver under any Common 
Document with the consent of or if so instructed by the relevant majority of Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors provided that the relevant Quorum Requirement has been met. 
The Holdco Group Agent is entitled to provide the Obligor Security Trustee with written notice requesting any 
modification, consent or waiver it requires under or in respect of any Common Document (a “STID Proposal”). The 
notice will certify whether such STID Proposal is a Discretion Matter, an Ordinary Voting Matter, or an Extraordinary 
Voting Matter or whether it gives rise to an Entrenched Right (as further described in “—Types of Voting Categories—

--- Page 185 ---
165 
  
Common Documents” below) and stating the Decision Period (as further described in “—Decision Periods” below). If 
the STID Proposal is in relation to a Discretion Matter, the Holdco Group Agent must also provide a certificate 
evidencing this status. If the STID Proposal is in relation to an Entrenched Right, the Holdco Group Agent must include 
information as to the Obligor Secured Creditors and/or the Issuer Secured Creditors who are affected by such 
Entrenched Right. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will, within five Business Days of receipt of a STID Proposal, send a request (the 
“STID Voting Request”) in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter or Entrenched Right 
to the Secured Creditor Representative of each Obligor Secured Creditor and to each of the Secured Creditor 
Representatives of the Issuer (on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors). If the STID Proposal gives rise to an 
Entrenched Right, the STID Voting Request will contain a request that each relevant Affected Obligor Secured Creditor 
(including where the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor, each Issuer Secured Creditor who is affected), in 
each case, through its Secured Creditor Representative(s) confirm on or before the last day of the Decision Period 
whether or not it wishes to consent to the relevant STID Proposals that would affect the Entrenched Right. 
The Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (acting through their Secured Creditor Representatives) 
representing at least 10% of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities are able to challenge the Holdco Group Agent’s 
determination of the voting category of a STID Proposal. In addition, any Obligor Secured Creditor (acting through its 
Secured Creditor Representative, including where the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor, the Secured 
Creditor Representative on behalf of the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors), is able to challenge the Holdco Group 
Agent’s determination as to whether there is an Entrenched Right. Such dissenting creditors must provide supporting 
evidence or substantiation for their disagreement with such determination. Challenging creditors that comply with the 
foregoing requirements (the “Dissenting Creditors”) may instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to inform the Holdco 
Group Agent in writing within six Business Days of receipt of the relevant STID Proposal that they disagree with the 
Holdco Group Agent’s determination and specifying, as applicable, the voting category they propose should apply or 
whose Entrenched Right is affected along with the required supporting evidence. The Holdco Group Agent and the 
relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors and/or relevant Obligor Secured Creditors will agree the voting category 
or whether there is an Entrenched Right within five Business Days from receipt by the Holdco Group Agent of the 
relevant notice from the Obligor Security Trustee. If they are unable to agree within this time, or if no agreement can be 
reached, then an appropriate expert will make a decision as to the voting category or whether there is an Entrenched 
Right, whose decision will be final and binding on each of the parties. 
Types of Voting Categories—Common Documents 
Ordinary Voting Matters 
Ordinary Voting Matters include all matters which are not designated as Extraordinary Voting Matters or 
Discretion Matters (see “—Extraordinary Voting Matters” and “—Discretion Matters” below). If the Quorum 
Requirement is met (see “—Quorum Requirements” below), a resolution in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter may 
be passed by a simple majority of the Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities in accordance with the section 
entitled “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” below. 
Extraordinary Voting Matters 
The STID also prescribes the treatment of Extraordinary Voting Matters. If the Quorum Requirement for an 
Extraordinary Voting Matter is satisfied (see “—Quorum Requirements” below), the majority required to pass a 
resolution in respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter (an “Extraordinary STID Resolution”) will be at least 66.67% 
of the Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities in accordance with the section entitled “—Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities” below.  
Entrenched Rights 
Entrenched Rights are rights that cannot be modified or waived in accordance with the STID without the 
consent of the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor(s). When the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor is the Issuer, consent 
must be obtained from the holders of each Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding affected by the 
Entrenched Right by way of Class A Extraordinary Resolution. If holders of Class B Notes are also affected then 
consent must also be obtained from the Class B Noteholders in accordance with the Class B Note Trust Deed. 
Reserved Matters 
Reserved Matters (“Reserved Matters”) are matters which, subject to the STID and the CTA, an Obligor 
Secured Creditor is free to exercise in accordance with its own debt instrument including:

--- Page 186 ---
166 
  
(a) 
to receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, 
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance Document to which it is a party as 
permitted pursuant to the terms of the CTA and the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
to make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the provisions of 
the Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as permitted by the terms of the CTA, the STID and the 
Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance Documents are consistent with the 
relevant provisions of the STID; 
(c) 
to exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms of the CTA, 
the STID and the other Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance Documents are 
consistent with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(d) 
to receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the Finance 
Documents or otherwise; 
(e) 
to assign its rights or transfer any of its rights and obligations under any PP Notes or any other Authorised 
Credit Facility to which it is a party subject to the provisions of the STID; 
(f) 
in the case of each Hedge Counterparty and each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, (i) to terminate the 
relevant Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction 
thereunder provided such termination is a Permitted Hedge Termination or to terminate the relevant Hedging 
Agreement or, as applicable, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any transaction thereunder in part and 
amend the terms of the Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement to reflect 
such partial termination or (ii) to exercise rights permitted to be exercised by it under a Hedging Agreement or, 
as applicable, an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
in the case of the AA UK Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or to enjoy 
the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA UK Pension Scheme 
other than any rights which are expressly restricted under the STID; and 
(h) 
in the case of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or to 
enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA Ireland Pension 
Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted by the STID. 
Discretion Matters 
The Obligor Security Trustee may (but is not obliged to) make modifications to the Common Documents 
without the consent of any other Obligor Secured Creditor where such modifications, consents or waivers: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, are: 
(i) 
to correct manifest errors or an error in respect of which an English court could reasonably be 
expected to make a rectification order; or 
(ii) 
of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature; or 
(b) 
would not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee materially prejudice the interests of any of the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification, consent 
or waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to pay any amounts of principal 
or interest or other amounts in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities owed to the relevant 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment therefor). 
Quorum Requirements 
Pursuant to the terms of the STID, the “Quorum Requirement” is, in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter, one or more Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors representing in 
aggregate at least 20% of the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
provided that if the Quorum Requirement has not been met within the Decision Period (as described further in 
“Decision Periods” below), the Quorum Requirement shall be reduced to one or more Participating Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditors representing, in aggregate, 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities and the Decision Period will be extended for a period of a further ten Business Days from 
the expiry of the initial Decision Period.

--- Page 187 ---
167 
  
Decision Periods 
The STID includes provisions specifying the relevant decision periods within which votes must be cast (each a 
“Decision Period”) which period must not be less than: 
(a) 
five Business Days from the date of delivery of the STID Proposal for any Discretion Matter; 
(b) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for any Ordinary Voting Matter (which may be 
extended for a further period of ten Business Days if the quorum requirement for the relevant Ordinary Voting 
Matter has not been met within the initial Decision Period); 
(c) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for any Extraordinary Voting Matter (which 
may be extended for a further period of ten Business Days if the quorum requirement for the relevant 
Extraordinary Voting Matter has not been met within the initial Decision Period); and 
(d) 
fifteen Business Days from the Decision Commencement Date for an Entrenched Right. However, the 
Decision Period for an Entrenched Right for which the Issuer is the Affected Obligor Secured Creditor will not 
be less than 45 days. 
“Decision Commencement Date” means the earlier of: 
(a) 
if the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors, or, as the case may be, the Obligor Secured Creditors (including, 
in the case of the Issuer, the Issuer Secured Creditors) are deemed to have agreed to the voting category 
proposed in the STID Proposal or, as applicable, as to whether the STID Proposal gives rise to any Entrenched 
Right affecting an Obligor Secured Creditor and/or, as applicable, Issuer Secured Creditor pursuant to the 
STID, the date which is five Business Days from the receipt of the relevant STID Proposal; 
(b) 
the date on which the Dissenting Creditors and the Holdco Group Agent reach agreement on the applicable 
voting category; or 
(c) 
if the agreement or determination is such that the existing STID Proposal is incorrect, the date of receipt by 
each Obligor Secured Creditor (through its Secured Creditor Representative) and each of the Secured Creditor 
Representatives of the Issuer (on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors) of an appropriately amended STID 
Proposal from the Obligor Security Trustee. 
Modifications, consents and waivers will be passed by the requisite number of creditors as further described in 
“—Types of Voting Categories—Common Documents” above. 
Class B STID Proposal 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holdco Group Agent may request (a “Class B STID Proposal”) the 
Obligor Security Trustee to concur with the Holdco Group Agent in making any modification, giving any consent or 
granting any waiver under or in respect of any Common Document, without the consent or approval of any Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditor, where such modification, granting of consent or waiver: 
(a) 
only relates to the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities and/or the Class B Notes (and the Issuer Transaction 
Documents related thereto); 
(b) 
does not give rise to an Entrenched Right which affects an Obligor Senior Secured Creditor; and 
(c) 
will not otherwise have an adverse effect on any Obligor Senior Secured Creditor. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled to rely on a certificate from the Holdco Group Agent signed by a 
director or two authorised signatories of the Holdco Group Agent for the purpose of determining whether the Class B 
STID Proposal will satisfy the conditions in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
Subject to the conditions in paragraphs (a) to (c) above being satisfied and save where the Class B STID 
Proposal gives right to any Entrenched Right which affects an Obligor Junior Secured Creditor, the Obligor Security 
Trustee may, as requested by the Holdco Group Agent by way of a Class B STID Proposal designated by the Holdco 
Group Agent as being in respect of a discretion matter (“Class B Discretion Matter”), in its sole discretion concur with 
the Holdco Group Agent in making any modification to, giving any consent under, or granting any waiver in respect of 
any breach or proposed breach of any Common Document to which the Obligor Security Trustee is a party or over 
which it has the benefit of the Obligor Security under the Obligor Security Documents if:

--- Page 188 ---
168 
  
(a) 
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court could 
reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical 
nature; or 
(b) 
such modification, consent or waiver is not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Obligor Secured Creditors (where “materially prejudicial” means that 
such modification, consent or waiver would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to pay 
any amounts of principal or interest or any other amounts in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities owed to 
the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment thereof). 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise its discretion in respect of any Class B 
STID Proposal designated by the Holdco Group Agent as a Class B Discretion Matter. 
In respect of any Class B STID Proposal that is not a Class B Discretion Matter, the Obligor Security Trustee 
must, subject to the conditions to a Class B STID Proposal set out in this section, agree with the Holdco Group Agent to 
implement the proposed modification to be made, consent to be given or waiver to be granted as set out in the Class B 
STID Proposal if directed to do so by the Secured Creditor Representative of each of the Class B Authorised Credit 
Providers (including the Issuer). 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
General 
Subject to Entrenched Rights and Reserved Matters, only the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors 
that are owed, or deemed to be owed, Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities may vote (through their Secured Creditor 
Representatives) in respect of a STID Proposal. 
Prior to the repayment in full of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding any Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities constituting Subordinated Hedge Amounts), only the Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Creditors may vote (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities they represent in relation to any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than 
in respect of an Entrenched Right) to the extent the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors (including the Qualifying 
Obligor Junior Creditors) and/or the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors in each case, through their Secured Creditor 
Representative, are entitled to vote). 
Upon repayment in full of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding any Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities constituting Subordinated Hedge Amounts), only the Qualifying Obligor Junior 
Creditors may vote (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) in respect of the Qualifying Obligor Junior 
Secured Liabilities they represent in relation to any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than 
in respect of an Entrenched Right to the extent the relevant Obligor Secured Creditors and/or the relevant Issuer 
Secured Creditors, in each case, through their Secured Creditor Representative, are entitled to vote). 
References to “Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” or “Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors” are 
references to: 
(a) 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities or Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors respectively prior to the 
repayment in full of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding the Secured Pensions Liabilities and 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities owing under any OCB Secured Hedging Transactions or constituting 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts); and 
(b) 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities or Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors respectively only 
following the repayment in full of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (excluding the Secured Pensions 
Liabilities and Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities owing under any OCB Secured Hedging Transactions or 
constituting Subordinated Liquidity Amounts or Subordinated Hedge Amounts), 
in each case, subject to: 
(i) 
the rights of the Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors and the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors in 
respect of Entrenched Rights; and 
(ii) 
the rights of the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Borrower Hedge Counterparties under the Borrower 
Hedging Agreements, any OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty under an OCB Secured Hedging

--- Page 189 ---
169 
  
Agreement, the AA Pension Trustees and the Borrower Account Bank in respect of their Entrenched 
Rights where they are an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” are comprised of: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class A IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under each other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including any PP Note 
Purchase Agreement where the Borrower is the PP Note Issuer or PPN IBLA constituting a Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility but excluding any Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Borrower Hedging 
Agreements) at such time; 
(c) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty and its 
voting entitlements as described under the heading “—Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities and 
Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities for which the Issuer is a Creditor” below, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount under the Issuer Hedging Transactions of that Issuer Hedge Counterparty at 
such time; 
(d) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty and its 
voting entitlements as described under the heading “—Voting in respect of Borrower Hedging Transactions by 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties” below, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the Borrower Hedging 
Transactions of that Borrower Hedge Counterparty at such time; and 
(e) 
prior to the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of 
each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and its voting entitlements as described under the heading “—Voting 
in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties” below, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of that OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” are comprised of: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class B IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility at such time; and 
(c) 
following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect 
of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and its voting entitlements as described under the heading “—
Voting in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties” below, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of that OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty at such time. 
Certification of amounts of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
Each Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor (acting through its Secured Creditor Representative) must certify to 
the Obligor Security Trustee the relevant amount of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities that it is permitted to 
vote within five Business Days of the date on which either (a) the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors have been 
notified of a STID Proposal, an Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or a Direction Notice or (b) the Obligor Security Trustee requests such 
certification, the Outstanding Principal Amount of any Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities held by such Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor. If any Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor fails to provide such certification through its 
Secured Creditor Representative within the time required, then the Obligor Security Trustee will notify the Holdco 
Group Agent of such failure. The Holdco Group Agent must promptly inform the Obligor Security Trustee of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities of such Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
and such notification will be binding on the relevant Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors except in the case of 
manifest error and without liability to the Holdco Group Agent. 
Tranching of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
for which the Issuer is a Creditor 
As described in the section “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” above, amounts owed to the Issuer by 
the Borrower under the Class A IBLA and the Class B IBLA are included in the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities and Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities respectively. However, the Issuer Secured Creditors, as 
opposed to the Issuer itself, are entitled to vote in respect of such amounts. When the Class A Note Trustee (as the 
Issuer’s Secured Creditor Representative) casts its votes on the Issuer’s behalf in respect of the Class A IBLA, it will do 
as instructed by the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors (being the Class A Noteholders).

--- Page 190 ---
170 
  
In the case of paragraphs (a) and (c) of the Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities summary as set out 
under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” above the Issuer will be divided into separate 
voting tranches comprising respectively: 
(a) 
a tranche for the holders of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes equal to the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, only in relation to: 
(i) 
forming part of the quorum and voting in relation to any resolution as described under the sections 
headed “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors” and “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration 
Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” below on of the actions described below under “—
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; and 
(ii) 
having its Qualifying Obligor whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take any Secured 
Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and giving, a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice only to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice, 
a tranche for each Issuer Hedge Counterparty equal to: 
(A) 
in relation to all Issuer Hedging Transactions arising under an Issuer Hedging Agreement in 
respect of which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Issuer Hedging 
Agreement) has been designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount shall 
be a positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) 
the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty as of the date such amount becomes payable under 
the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement (and before taking into account any interest accrued 
on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent that amount is unpaid; 
plus 
(B) 
in relation to any other Issuer Hedging Transaction to which the Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
is a party, the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such amount shall be 
a positive number) or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) 
such Issuer Hedge Counterparty if the date on which the calculation is made were deemed to 
be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement) on 
which that amount, if any, in respect of that termination or close-out has become due and 
payable in respect of which the Issuer is the “Defaulting Party” (as defined in the relevant 
Issuer Hedging Agreement). 
In respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Issuer Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Issuer Hedging Agreements of such Issuer Hedge Counterparty will be counted towards 
(a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be counted for or against any 
resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc – Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration 
Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” where that Issuer Hedge Counterparty is participating in such resolution 
or (b) the requisite aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities required to give a 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting of Class A Notes and Class B Notes by Noteholders 
The votes of the Class A Noteholders or Class B Noteholders of each Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes or 
Class B Notes in respect of any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction 
Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which 
relates to an Entrenched Right as to which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor) will be cast by the Class 
A Noteholders or Class B Noteholders of such Class or Sub-Class (through the relevant Secured Creditor 
Representative) subject to and as required by the STID and the Class A Note Trust Deed or the Class B Note Trust 
Deed, as applicable, in respect of a Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and such STID Proposal, 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditor Instruction Notice as follows: 
(a) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class A Note or Class B 
Note which voted in favour of the relevant STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice,

--- Page 191 ---
171 
  
in favour of such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, 
Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice both in respect of Quorum 
Requirements and the requisite majority; and 
(b) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class A Note or Class B 
Note which voted against the relevant STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement 
Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, against such 
STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice both in respect of Quorum Requirements and the 
requisite majority, 
and such votes shall be treated as votes cast in the same amounts in respect of the corresponding outstanding 
principal amount under any Class A IBLA or, as applicable, any Class B IBLA. 
Voting in respect of Borrower Hedging Transactions by Borrower Hedge Counterparties 
In respect of any matter to be determined by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID, 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, each Borrower Hedge Counterparty is only entitled to: 
(a) 
form part of the quorum and vote in relation to any resolution described under the headings “—Quorum and 
voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” and “—
Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors” below, on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take any of the actions set out under 
the sub-heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; and 
(b) 
have its Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and give, a Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice as described under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
Instructions” below. 
In relation to any vote by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on whether to instruct the Obligor Security 
Trustee to take any of the actions set out under “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions” below or send a 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, voting in respect of the Borrower Hedging Transactions will be made by each 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty in respect of: 
(a) 
in relation to all Borrower Hedging Transactions arising under a Borrower Hedging Agreement in respect of 
which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement) has been 
designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive number) or payable by 
(in which case such amount shall be a negative number) the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty as of the 
date such amount becomes payable under the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement (and before taking into 
account any interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent that 
amount is unpaid; plus 
(b) 
in relation to any other Borrower Hedging Transaction to which the Borrower Hedge Counterparty is a party, 
the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive number) or 
payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) such Borrower Hedge Counterparty if the 
date on which the calculation is made were deemed to be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Borrower Hedging Agreement) on which that amount, if any, in respect of that termination or close-out has 
become due and payable in respect of which the Borrower is the “Defaulting Party” (as defined in the relevant 
Borrower Hedging Agreement). 
In respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Borrower Hedging Agreements of such Borrower Hedge Counterparty will be counted 
towards (a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be counted for or against any 
resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration 
Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditor” where that Borrower Hedge Counterparty is participating in such 
resolution or (b) the requisite aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities 
required to give a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting in respect of OCB Secured Hedging Transactions by OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties 
In respect of any matter to be determined by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID, 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is only entitled to:

--- Page 192 ---
172 
  
(a) 
form part of the quorum and vote in relation to any resolution described under the sections headed “—Quorum 
and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” and 
“—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors” below, on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to take any of the actions set out under 
the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions”; and 
(b) 
have its Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities taken into account for the purposes of, and give, a Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice as described under the heading “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor 
Instructions” below. 
In relation to any vote by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors on whether to instruct the Obligor Security 
Trustee to take any of the actions set out under “—Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions” below or send a 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, voting in respect of the Borrower Hedging Transactions will be made by each 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty in respect of: 
(a) 
in relation to all OCB Secured Hedging Transactions arising under a OCB Secured Hedging Agreement in 
respect of which an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement) has 
been designated, the net amount payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive number) or payable 
by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) the relevant OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty as 
of the date such amount becomes payable under the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (and before 
taking into account any interest accrued on that amount since the date of termination or close-out) to the extent 
that amount is unpaid; plus 
(b) 
in relation to any other OCB Secured Hedging Transaction to which the OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is a 
party, the amount, if any, which would be payable to (in which case such amount shall be a positive number) 
or payable by (in which case such amount shall be a negative number) such OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty 
if the date on which the calculation is made were deemed to be an Early Termination Date (as defined in the 
relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement) on which that amount, if any, in respect of that termination or 
close-out has become due and payable in respect of which the relevant Obligor party to the is the “Defaulting 
Party” (as defined in the relevant OCB Secured Hedging Agreement). 
In respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower 
Hedging Transactions arising under the OCB Hedging Agreements of such OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty will be 
counted towards (a) any quorum requirement and a single vote by reference to such net value will be counted for or 
against any resolution described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice 
etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or, as applicable, “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” where that OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is 
participating in such resolution or (b) the requisite aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities required to give a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice. 
Voting of Authorised Credit Facilities (other than PP Notes) 
If, in respect of any Authorised Credit Facility (other than the PP Notes) provided other than on a bilateral 
basis, the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant Authorised Credit Facility: 
(a) 
are met, then all votes in respect of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility and any STID Proposal, 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched 
Right) will be cast either in favour or against such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice 
(both in respect of Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority) in accordance with the voting provisions 
contained in that Authorised Credit Facility; or 
(b) 
are not met, then votes in respect of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility and any STID Proposal, 
Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched 
Right) will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a pound for pound basis in 
respect of the Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities then owed to Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors that vote on such STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction 
Notice, Direction Notice or Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (both in respect of 
Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority) within any applicable Decision Period. Votes cast in favour 
and votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Obligor Security Trustee with the votes cast for and 
against by the other Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors.

--- Page 193 ---
173 
  
Voting of PP Notes 
Each PP Note Secured Creditor Representative appointed in connection with the issuance of any PP Notes 
must notify the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of its appointment whether: 
(a) 
the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant PP Note SCR Agreement; or 
(b) 
the regime set out in paragraph (b) under the heading “—Voting of Authorised Credit Facilities (other than PP 
Notes)” above, 
will apply when determining the quorum requirements and/or votes cast in respect of the relevant PP Notes for 
any STID Proposal, Enforcement Instruction Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (other than a STID Proposal which relates to an Entrenched 
Right) has been satisfied. 
If the relevant PP Note Secured Creditor Representative does not notify the Obligor Security Trustee at the 
time of its appointment whether paragraph (a) or (b) under this section applies, it shall be deemed to have elected that 
paragraph (b) applies. 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions 
In respect of any matter which is not the subject of a STID Proposal or an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice and except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors with at least 20% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities may instruct the Obligor Security Trustee (subject to providing the required indemnity pursuant to 
the STID) to exercise any of the rights granted to the Obligor Security Trustee under the Common Documents (save in 
respect of the taking of Enforcement Action or the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration 
Notice) including: 
(a) 
to challenge a statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) in a Compliance Certificate and to call for other 
substantiating evidence of such statement(s), calculation(s) or ratio(s) and to approve the appointment of an 
independent expert specified by such Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors to investigate the statement(s), 
calculation(s) or ratio(s) that is/are the subject of the challenge in the Compliance Certificate; 
(b) 
to request further information pursuant to and subject to the terms of the CTA in respect of, inter alia, the 
Security Group covenants and Trigger Events; and 
(c) 
to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to send a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice. 
Modifications, Consents and Waivers—Finance Documents 
Senior Finance Documents 
Subject to the undertakings given by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Obligors pursuant to the STID, 
each party to any Senior Finance Document (which is not a Common Document) (each a “Relevant Senior Finance 
Document”) may agree to any modification to, give its consent under or grant any waiver in respect of any breaches or 
proposed breaches under, any Relevant Senior Finance Document to which it is a party without the consent of the 
parties to the STID provided that (except in respect of any modification provided for in the Mandate and Syndication 
Letter): 
(a) 
if such modification, consent or waiver is inconsistent with any provisions of the CTA or the STID, the 
provision of the CTA or the STID shall prevail; and 
(b) 
if such modification, consent or waiver: 
(i) 
would have the effect of: 
(A) 
increasing the frequency of payments due (including in relation to any repayment or 
prepayment (mandatory or otherwise)) or change the circumstances in which interest and/or 
principal becomes due and payable; 
(B) 
increasing the amount or rate of interest or fees payable; or 
(C) 
increasing the amount of principal due or payable, under such Relevant Senior Finance 
Document; or

--- Page 194 ---
174 
  
(ii) 
would have the effect of changing the definition of Final Maturity Date (or maturity date, however 
defined) or any termination event applicable to that Relevant Senior Finance Document; or 
(iii) 
changes the currency of any payment obligation under that Relevant Senior Finance Document 
(excluding any change occasioned as a consequence of the euro being adopted as the lawful currency 
of the UK), 
then that modification, consent or waiver (a “Class A Relevant Matter”) will only be permitted if the 
requirements set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” in the MDA 
(applied mutatis mutandis to the Class A Relevant Matter) are satisfied, provided that if the effect of the Class 
A Relevant Matter results in incremental Financial Indebtedness or commitments in respect of Financial 
Indebtedness being incurred (in each case in excess of such amounts at that time), it will only be permitted if 
the requirements set out in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” in the MDA 
(applied mutatis mutandis to the Class A Relevant Matter) are satisfied. 
Junior Finance Documents 
Subject to the undertakings given by the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Obligors pursuant to the STID, 
each party to any Junior Finance Document (which is not a Common Document) (each a “Relevant Junior Finance 
Document”) may agree to any modification to, give its consent under or grant any waiver in respect of any breaches or 
proposed breaches under, any Relevant Junior Finance Document to which it is a party without the consent of the 
parties to the STID provided that: 
(a) 
if such modification, consent or waiver is inconsistent with any provisions of the CTA or the STID, the 
provision of the CTA or the STID shall prevail; and 
(b) 
if such modification, consent or waiver: 
(i) 
would have the effect of: 
(A) 
increasing the frequency of payments due (including in relation to any repayment or 
prepayment (mandatory or otherwise)) or change the circumstances in which interest and/or 
principal becomes due and payable; 
(B) 
increasing the amount or rate of interest or fees payable; or 
(C) 
increasing the amount of principal due or payable, under such Relevant Junior Finance 
Document; or 
(ii) 
would have the effect of changing the definition of Final Maturity Date (or maturity date, however 
defined) or any termination event applicable to that Relevant Junior Finance Document; or 
(iii) 
changes the currency of any payment obligation under that Relevant Junior Finance Document 
(excluding any change occasioned as a consequence of the euro being adopted as the lawful currency 
of the UK), 
in each case, at any time before the repayment in full or any acceleration of the Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities, then that modification, consent or waiver (a “Class B Relevant Matter”) will only be 
permitted if the requirements set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” 
in the MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class B Relevant Matter) are satisfied, provided that if the effect 
of the Class B Relevant Matter results in incremental Financial Indebtedness or commitments in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness being incurred (in each case in excess of such amounts at that time), it will only be 
permitted if the requirements set out in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Additional Financial Indebtedness” 
in the MDA (applied mutatis mutandis to the Class B Relevant Matter) are satisfied. 
Modifications, consents and waivers—Topco Transaction Documents 
If requested by Topco, the Obligor Security Trustee in its sole discretion may concur with Topco, in making 
any amendment to, give any consent under, or grant any waiver in respect of any breach or proposed breach of any 
Topco Transaction Document (which is not a Common Document) to which it is a party, if in the opinion of the Obligor 
Security Trustee it is required to correct any manifest error, or an error in respect of which an English court could 
reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a formal, minor or administrative or technical nature or 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Topco Secured Creditors.

--- Page 195 ---
175 
  
Save as described above, no proposed modification to be made, consent to be given or waiver to be granted in 
respect of any breach of any Topco Transaction Document (which is not a Common Document) shall be made, given, 
or granted unless and until (a) the Secured Creditor Representative of each Topco Secured Creditor has provided its 
consent to such amendment, consent or waiver, as applicable; and (b) if such amendments, consent or waiver relates to 
a covenant, undertaking or provision contained in the applicable Topco Transaction Document (which is not a Common 
Document) given for the benefit of the Obligor Secured Creditors, the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (acting 
through their Secured Creditor Representative) have consented to such amendment, consent or waiver in accordance 
with the STID. 
Enforcement and Acceleration 
Notification of CTA Events of Default 
If any Obligor or any Obligor Secured Creditor (other than the Obligor Security Trustee) becomes aware of the 
occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, it must forthwith notify the Obligor Security Trustee and the Holdco Group 
Agent in writing and the Obligor Security Trustee must promptly thereafter notify the Secured Creditor Representatives 
on behalf of the Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instructions 
At any time the Obligor Security Trustee has actual notice of the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default, the 
Obligor Security Trustee shall promptly request by notice (“Enforcement Instruction Notice”) an instruction in the 
form of a resolution from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors through their Secured Creditor Representatives, as 
to whether the Obligor Security Trustee should: 
(a) 
deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice to enforce all or any part of the Obligor Security and take any Enforcement 
Action (excluding those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of Enforcement 
Action, which relate to accelerating the Obligor Secured Liabilities and initiating certain proceedings, for 
example, to liquidate an Obligor); and/or 
(b) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal; and/or 
(c) 
deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and take any 
Enforcement Action (including those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of 
Enforcement Action). 
At any time following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the Obligor Security Trustee will be entitled 
to request (and, if requested to do so pursuant to a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, shall 
promptly request) by notice (a “Further Enforcement Instruction Notice”) an instruction in the form of a resolution 
from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors (through their Secured Creditor Representatives) as to whether the 
Obligor Security Trustee should, to the extent not already instructed to do so, take any of the actions described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of the paragraph above. 
There are separate quorum and voting regimes under the STID depending on the type of action described in 
sub- paragraphs (a) to (c) directly above, as described in more detail below. 
Quorum and Voting Requirements in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice Etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors 
The quorum and voting requirements described below will apply in respect of a resolution to instruct the 
Obligor Security Trustee as to whether it should: 
(a) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal (excluding the disposal of a Permitted Business or any shares in 
any member of the Holdco Group); and/or 
(b) 
deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice and take any Enforcement Action (excluding those actions described in 
paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of Enforcement Action). 
When voting on such a resolution following the request from the Obligor Security Trustee by way of an 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice: 
(a) 
the quorum requirement shall be one or more Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors representing, in aggregate, 
at least the Relevant Percentage of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Secured Liabilities, where “Relevant Percentage” for the purposes of this paragraph (a) means (i) 40% 
in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered up to

--- Page 196 ---
176 
  
and including the date falling six months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; (ii) 33.33% in 
respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered during the 
period following the date falling six months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default up to and 
including the date falling twelve months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; or (iii) 10% in 
respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered at any time 
following the date falling twelve months after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; 
(b) 
the Decision Period will be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further 
Enforcement Instruction Notice; and 
(c) 
the majority required to pass the resolution shall be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors participating in the 
resolution on a pound for pound basis representing at least the “Relevant Percentage” of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities actually voted, where “Relevant 
Percentage” for purposes of this paragraph (c) means (i) 66.67% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction 
Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered up to and including the date falling six months 
after the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; (ii) 50% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered during the period following the date falling six months after 
the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default up to and including the date falling twelve months after the 
occurrence of the CTA Event of Default; or (iii) 20% in respect of any Enforcement Instruction Notice or 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice delivered at any time following the date falling twelve months after 
the occurrence of the CTA Event of Default. 
Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors 
The quorum and voting requirements described below under this heading “—Quorum and voting requirements 
in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” will apply in respect of an instruction 
to the Obligor Security Trustee as to whether it should: 
(a) 
consent to or approve any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and any shares in any member of the 
Holdco Group; and/or 
(b) 
deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities and take any 
Enforcement Action (including those actions described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (f) of the definition of 
Enforcement Action). 
When voting on such a resolution following the request from the Obligor Security Trustee by way of an 
Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice: 
(i) 
the Decision Period will be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Enforcement Instruction Notice or 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; and  
(ii) 
the resolution must be approved by each applicable Instructing Group, as described below. 
The applicable voting regime under the STID in respect of the enforcement actions described under this 
heading “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured 
Creditors” will depend on the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs at the relevant time, 
which in turn depends on the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class A Notes at such time. 
Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is less than or equal to £1,250.0 million 
If at the time of delivery (the “Relevant Time”) by the Obligor Security Trustee of an Enforcement Instruction 
Notice or, as applicable, a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under 
all Class A IBLAs is greater than zero but less than or equal to £1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), then any 
resolution to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to carry out the enforcement actions described in this section “—
Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” 
must be approved by each of the Bank Instructing Group and the Note Instructing Group, where: 
(a) 
in respect of the Bank Instructing Group: 
(i) 
there shall be no quorum requirement in respect of any vote cast for or against the resolution by the 
Bank Instructing Group; and 
(ii) 
the majority required to pass the resolution will be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors forming 
part of the Bank Instructing Group representing, in aggregate, at least 66.67% of the Outstanding

--- Page 197 ---
177 
  
Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities as at the Relevant Time owing to 
the Bank Instructing Group; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Note Instructing Group, the resolution must be approved in accordance with the Class A Note 
Trust Deed which will result in the Secured Creditor Representative of the Issuer under any Class A IBLA 
having been itself instructed by the Class A Noteholders in the form of a resolution passed in accordance with 
the Class A Note Trust Deed (“Noteholder Instruction Resolution”), where: 
(i) 
the quorum requirement in respect of the Noteholder Instruction Resolution will be one or more Class 
A Noteholders representing, in aggregate, at least the Relevant Note Instructing Percentage of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes; and 
(ii) 
the majority required to pass the Noteholder Instruction Resolution will be the Class A Noteholders 
participating in the Noteholder Instruction Resolution on a pound for pound basis representing at least 
the Relevant Note Instructing Percentage of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class A Notes 
actually voted by the Class A Noteholders, provided that such Class A Noteholders also represent 
more than 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes, 
where “Relevant Note Instructing Percentage” means, if the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under 
all Class A IBLAs at the Relevant Time: 
(A) 
is greater than zero but less than or equal to £750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), 75%; 
or 
(B) 
is greater than £750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount) but less than or equal to £1,250.0 
million (or the Equivalent Amount): 
(I) 
in relation to paragraph (b)(i) directly above, any percentage in excess of 50%; and 
(II) 
in relation to paragraph (b)(ii) directly above, 75% 
Alternatively, a Noteholder Instruction Resolution may be passed in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of Class A Notes of not less than 75% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes in 
accordance with Class A Condition 14. 
Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is greater than £1,250.0 million 
If at the Relevant Time the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class A IBLAs is greater than 
£1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), then any resolution to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to carry out 
the enforcement actions described in this section “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration 
Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” must be approved by the Class A Instructing Group, where: 
(a) 
the quorum requirement shall be one or more Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors representing, in aggregate, 
at least the Relevant Class A Percentage of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities; and 
(b) 
the majority required to pass the resolution shall be the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors participating in the 
resolution on a pound for pound basis representing at least the Relevant Class A Percentage of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities actually voted by the Qualifying Obligor 
Senior Creditors (provided that the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors voting in favour of the resolution must 
include the Issuer acting through its Secured Creditor Representative under each Class A IBLA having been 
itself instructed by the Class A Noteholders pursuant to a Noteholder Instruction Resolution (i) where, in 
relation to that Noteholder Instruction Resolution, the quorum, voting majority and participation requirements 
(including that Class A Noteholders voting in favour of the Noteholder Instruction Resolution represent more 
than 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes) are determined in accordance 
with the Noteholder Instruction Resolution requirements described under “—Outstanding Principal Amount 
under all Class A IBLAs is less than or equal to £1,250.0 million” above and the Relevant Note Instructing 
Percentage is determined in accordance with paragraphs (B) (1) and (2) of that definition above) or (ii) passed 
pursuant to a written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of Class A Notes of not less than 75% of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes in accordance with Class A Condition 14). 
where “Relevant Class A Percentage” means, if the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount under all Class 
A IBLAs at the Relevant Time:

--- Page 198 ---
178 
  
(i) 
is greater than £1,250.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount) but less than or equal to £1,750.0 million, 
75%; or 
(ii) 
is greater than £1,750.0 million (or the Equivalent Amount), 50% 
Loan Enforcement Notice 
After delivery to the Holdco Group Agent on behalf of the Obligors of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the whole 
of the Obligor Security will become enforceable and the Obligor Security Trustee will if directed to do so in accordance 
with a resolution as described above under the headings “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Secured Creditors” or “—Quorum voting requirements in respect of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Secured Creditors” take any Enforcement Action as it is so directed, which may 
include: 
(a) 
enforcing all or any part of the Obligor Security (at the times, in the manner and on the terms as it is so 
directed) and taking possession of and holding or disposing of all or any part of the Obligor Secured Property; 
(b) 
instituting such proceedings against any Obligor and taking such action as it is so directed to enforce all or any 
part of the Obligor Security; 
(c) 
appointing or removing any Receiver; and/or 
(d) 
whether or not it has appointed a Receiver, exercising all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions 
conferred by the Law of Property Act 1925 (as varied or extended by the STID or any Obligor Security 
Document) on mortgagees and by the STID and the Obligor Security Documents on any Receiver or otherwise 
conferred by law on mortgagees or Receivers. 
Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice 
Subject to certain matters and to certain exceptions, following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice but 
prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, any Available Enforcement Proceeds or other monies held by the 
Obligor Security Trustee under the STID will be applied by the Obligor Security Trustee (or the Cash Manager acting 
on the instructions of the Obligor Security Trustee) in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments. See “—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Obligor Pre- Acceleration Priority of Payments” for a detailed 
description. 
Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice 
Upon the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, all Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be accelerated in full. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Obligor Secured Liabilities (other than as a result of a Permitted Hedge Termination) 
may be accelerated other than by delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice. 
Subject to certain matters and to certain exceptions, following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, any 
Available Enforcement Proceeds or other monies held by the Obligor Security Trustee under the STID will be applied 
by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments waterfall. See 
“—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments” for a detailed description. 
General Provisions applicable to Obligor Priority of Payments following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice 
Each party to the STID agrees that, following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice: 
(a) 
if an amount referred to in the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments constitutes Obligor Secured 
Liabilities, the amount so referred to shall be deemed to include any amount payable by any other Obligor 
under the guarantees in respect of such amount; and 
(b) 
if there are insufficient funds to discharge in full amounts due and payable in respect of an item and any other 
item(s) ranking pari passu with such item in the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, all items 
which rank pari passu with each other shall be discharged to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so and 
on a pro rata basis, according to the respective amounts thereof. 
Distressed Disposals 
If a Distressed Disposal is being effected pursuant to an instruction contained in a resolution (a “Distressed 
Disposal Resolution”) passed as described under the headings “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a 
Loan Enforcement Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” or “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of

--- Page 199 ---
179 
  
a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” above or pursuant to the exercise of any discretion 
of a Receiver (or any administrator in respect of any Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and 
Wales) as described under this section “—Distressed Disposals”, subject to the paragraph “—Enforcement action if 
Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding” below, the Obligor Security Trustee is irrevocably authorised and 
instructed subject, if applicable, as provided in the relevant Distressed Disposal Resolution, without any additional 
consent from any Obligor Secured Creditor, to, among other things, release any Obligor Security and dispose of all or 
any part of the Obligor Secured Liabilities as is required to effect the disposal in accordance with the STID. 
The net proceeds of each Distressed Disposal must be paid to the Obligor Security Trustee for application: 
(a) 
if the Distressed Disposal was approved pursuant to a Distressed Disposal Resolution passed in the manner 
described under “—Quorum and voting requirements in respect of a Loan Acceleration Notice etc—Obligor 
Senior Secured Creditors”, in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
(notwithstanding that a Loan Acceleration Notice may not have been served, in which case the relevant 
Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be deemed to be accelerated to the extent of such net proceeds to be applied 
in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments); or 
(b) 
in each other case, in accordance with the applicable Obligor Priorities of Payments and the STID, 
and, to the extent that any transfer of Obligor Secured Liabilities owed by an Obligor has occurred as 
described in this section “—Distressed Disposals”, as if that transfer of Obligor Secured Liabilities owed by an Obligor 
had not occurred. 
Regardless of whether a Distressed Disposal Resolution has been passed, any Receiver appointed to an Obligor 
(or any administrator appointed to an Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales) will, subject 
to the paragraph “—Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding” below, have the full right, 
power and discretion to undertake any Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and any shares in any member of the 
Holdco Group at any time, provided that the net proceeds realised from such Distressed Disposal and any associated 
transactions undertaken pursuant to the Distressed Disposal would be an aggregate amount equal to or in excess of the 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities then outstanding together with any make-whole amount or prepayment fees payable 
as a result of a prepayment or repayment of such Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities, with such amounts to be applied in 
accordance with the Obligor Post- Acceleration Priority of Payments (notwithstanding that a Loan Acceleration Notice 
may not have been served, in which case the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments shall be construed as if the 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities had been accelerated in full) for the benefit Obligor Senior Secured Creditors and, to 
the extent that any disposal of Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities has occurred as described in this section “—Distressed 
Disposals”, as if that disposal had not occurred. 
Enforcement action if Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding 
If the Obligor Security Trustee has delivered either a Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice 
to the Holdco Group Agent or if a Distressed Disposal is being effected (including prior to the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice) and, in each case, at such time there are both Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities and Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities outstanding, then, subject to the paragraph “—Obligor 
Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales Process” below, the Obligor Security Trustee shall (or shall procure that 
any agent, receiver or delegate appointed to act on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the STID will) 
comply with the following conditions: 
(a) 
before any disposal or series of disposals of any Obligor Secured Property of an aggregate value more than 
£10.0 million, the Obligor Security Trustee shall procure the provision to the Class B Note Trustee (for the 
benefit of itself and the Class B Noteholders) and any Class B Authorised Credit Provider (other than the 
Issuer under any Class B IBLA) of a Fairness Opinion (having asked at least three potential Financial Advisers 
for a quote in respect of the costs for the provision thereof); 
(b) 
such Fairness Opinion must be delivered to each Secured Creditor Representative in respect of any Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility at least two weeks before the proposed disposal; 
(c) 
subject to and in accordance with the paragraph “—Obligor Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales 
Process” below, the Obligor Security Trustee shall be responsible for commissioning any Fairness Opinion; 
(d) 
no Secured Creditor Representative in respect of any Class B Authorised Credit Facility or Class B Authorised 
Credit Provider shall be entitled to raise any objections to any Fairness Opinion delivered by the Obligor 
Security Trustee in accordance with paragraph (b) (“—Acceleration and Enforcement—Enforcement if Obligor 
Junior Secured Liabilities Outstanding”) above; and

--- Page 200 ---
180 
  
(e) 
the cost of commissioning any Fairness Opinion shall be for the account of the Obligor Security Trustee and 
such cost shall be paid as an expense of the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Obligor 
Priorities of Payments, except that if the cost is more than £500,000 (excluding VAT), then: 
(i) 
the excess cost shall be for the account of the Class B Noteholders and any Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider other than the Issuer under any Class B IBLA (on a pro rata basis by reference to the 
Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities owing to such persons or, in the case of the Class B Noteholders, 
owing to the Issuer under any Class B IBLA), provided that: 
(A) 
where one of the potential Financial Advisers offered to produce a Fairness Opinion for less 
than £500,000 (excluding VAT) but Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors 
(acting through their respective Secured Creditor Representatives) representing more than 
10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities direct the Obligor Security Trustee to select another Financial Adviser whose fees 
for providing the opinion are in excess of £500,000, all such fees shall be paid as an expense 
of the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Obligor Priorities of 
Payments (and not specifically for the account of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B 
Authorised Credit Providers); and 
(B) 
if more than one potential Financial Adviser provides a quote and all the quotes provided are 
in excess of £500,000 (excluding VAT), the Class B Noteholders and any Class B Authorised 
Credit Provider (other than the Issuer under any Class B IBLA) will be required to pay for all 
fees in excess of £500,000 (on a pro rata basis by reference to the Obligor Junior Secured 
Liabilities owing to such persons or, in the case of the Class B Noteholders, owing to the 
Issuer under any Class B IBLA) save where Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors (acting through their respective Secured Creditor Representatives) representing 
more than 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities direct the Obligor Security Trustee to select a Financial Adviser which 
has provided a quote which is higher than another quote provided, in which case the excess 
of such fees over the lowest quote shall be paid as an expense of the Obligor Security Trustee 
in accordance with the applicable Obligor Priorities of Payments (and not specifically for the 
account of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Authorised Credit Providers); and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall not be obliged to commission any Fairness Opinion unless it is 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in respect of any Liabilities incurred 
by it in connection with commissioning such Fairness Opinion. 
Obligor Security Trustee may dispose under a Sales Process 
If the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(a) 
is unable to appoint a Financial Adviser when requested or unable to obtain a Fairness Opinion within 20 
Business Days of attempting to do so (including due to the Obligor Security Trustee not being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction); or 
(b) 
is notified in writing by each Secured Creditor Representative in respect of each Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility that it does not require the procurement of a Fairness Opinion; or 
(c) 
intends to dispose of the assets for a value that is less than the proposed consideration specified in respect of 
such assets in a Fairness Opinion, 
then: 
(i) 
subject to applicable law, the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver will take reasonable care to 
dispose of the relevant assets through a competitive marketing and sales process typical for such type 
of assets with a view to obtaining a fair market price in the prevailing market conditions (though the 
Obligor Security Trustee shall have no obligation to postpone any such disposal) (“Sales Process”) 
and will be entitled to appoint any investment bank, accounting firm or any other third-party 
professional organisation of international standing engaged in the marketing and sale of businesses 
and assets, to advise the Obligor Security Trustee or the Receiver in relation to such disposal; and 
(ii) 
the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver will be entitled to dispose of the assets under and in 
accordance with the Sales Process (including, at a value less than that stated in any Fairness Opinion),

--- Page 201 ---
181 
  
provided that if there is more than one party willing to acquire the assets, then the Obligor Security 
Trustee or the Receiver will be required to accept the highest executable offer. 
The Obligor Security Trustee will not be liable to any person if it is unable to appoint a Financial Adviser 
when requested or unable to obtain a Fairness Opinion. 
Obligor Priorities of Payment 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Subject to the paragraphs below entitled “—Voluntary and mandatory permitted prepayments” to “—Deemed 
Available Enforcement Proceeds” (inclusive) and except where expressly provided elsewhere in the STID: 
(a) 
each Obligor Secured Creditor agrees and each of the Obligors and the Obligor Security Trustee acknowledges 
that each Obligor Secured Creditor’s claims in respect of any Obligor Secured Liabilities owing to it will, prior 
to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, rank in right and priority of payment according to the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
on each Loan Interest Payment Date prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, the Cash Manager 
shall instruct: 
(i) 
the Borrower Account Bank to withdraw amounts from: 
(A) 
the Debt Service Payment Account; and 
(B) 
if Excess Cashflow or Projected Excess Cashflow is required to be applied in accordance 
with Part B of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the Excess Cashflow 
Account; and  
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the account banks at which any Obligor 
Operating Accounts and any Designated Accounts (excluding the Defeasance Account, the 
Mandatory Prepayment Account and the Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account) are 
maintained to withdraw amounts from such accounts, 
in each case, to be applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments. 
Voluntary and mandatory permitted prepayments 
The Borrower is permitted to make voluntary prepayments under any Authorised Credit Facility in accordance 
with the terms thereof irrespective of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments, provided that: 
(a) 
the Borrower is not otherwise prohibited from making such voluntary prepayments at that time pursuant to the 
terms of the Finance Documents, the CTA and/or the STID and/or the Finance Documents to the extent that 
the provisions of such Finance Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the CTA and/or the 
STID; 
(b) 
no CTA Event of Default or, in relation to any voluntary prepayment under any Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility, Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, provided that this paragraph (b) will not apply to the 
extent the Borrower is prepaying a Class B Authorised Credit Facility with the proceeds of an Investor 
Funding Loan made by any Subordinated Investor to Holdco; and 
(c) 
the Cash Manager (acting reasonably) is satisfied that there will be sufficient available amounts in the Debt 
Service Payment Account, the Obligor Operating Accounts or, as the case may be, the Excess Cashflow 
Account to be withdrawn and applied on the immediately succeeding Loan Interest Payment Date in order to 
satisfy all payments scheduled to be due and payable on that date in accordance with the Obligor Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
The Borrower is permitted to make mandatory prepayments under any Authorised Credit Facility in 
accordance with the terms thereof irrespective of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments (a) in the event that 
it becomes unlawful for an Authorised Credit Provider to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the relevant 
Authorised Credit Facility or to fund or maintain the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; or (b) if such mandatory 
prepayment is not otherwise expressly prohibited by the STID, the CTA or the applicable Finance Documents.

--- Page 202 ---
182 
  
Working Capital Facility Agreement, Senior Term Facility Agreement and Liquidity Facility Agreement permitted 
payments 
Prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event, if an interest payment date (“Facility Interest Payment Date”) 
under any Working Capital Facility Agreement, the Senior Term Facility Agreement (or any Additional Financial 
Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower to refinance the Senior Term Facility Agreement) or any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (each a “Relevant Facility”) does not fall on the same day as a Loan Interest Payment Date the payment of 
any amounts due on that Facility Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Relevant Facility will be permitted 
irrespective of whether it coincides with a Loan Interest Payment Date. 
If a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing as at the last day of an interest period under any Relevant 
Facility, the Borrower must ensure that the immediately succeeding interest period and each interest period thereafter 
under any Relevant Facility (for so long as a Trigger Event is continuing) shall end on a day that is a Loan Interest 
Payment Date and any interest under each Relevant Facility will be payable in accordance with and subject to the 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
OCB Secured Hedging Transactions 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each relevant Obligor which is party to an OCB Secured 
Hedging Transaction may make payments when due on the applicable payment date (each such payment date a “OCB 
Secured Hedge Payment Date”) in accordance with the terms of that OCB Secured Hedging Transaction irrespective 
of whether the OCB Secured Hedge Payment Date coincides with a Loan Interest Payment Date. 
Upon the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice: 
(a) 
the parties to each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction agree in the STID that the terms of each OCB Secured 
Hedging Transaction to which they are a party will be deemed to be amended so that each OCB Secured 
Hedge Payment Date thereunder coincides with each Loan Interest Payment Date thereafter; and 
(b) 
any amounts payable by the relevant Obligor under each OCB Secured Hedging Transaction will be payable in 
accordance with and subject to the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or, if a Loan Acceleration 
Notice has been served, the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
Prepayment of the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities—Topco Transaction Documents 
If and to the extent the Borrower receives funds from any person or persons that have acquired (or intend to 
acquire) the Topco Secured Property pursuant to the Topco Payment Undertaking or any other Topco Transaction 
Document (including, as a result of the enforcement of the Topco Security following the occurrence of a Share 
Enforcement Event or otherwise) and the Borrower receives such funds for the express purpose of enabling the 
Borrower to prepay amounts outstanding under each Class B Authorised Credit Facility, then such specified funds will 
be applied by the Borrower to prepay pro rata and pari passu each Class B Authorised Credit Facility in accordance 
with the terms thereof (after all costs, fees and expenses of the Obligor Security Trustee and any Receiver in relation to 
the enforcement of the Topco Security have been discharged in full) and such funds will not be applied in accordance 
with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds 
Following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default which is continuing but prior to the delivery of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice, irrespective of whether a Loan Enforcement Notice has been delivered by the Obligor Security 
Trustee, if any Obligor, at the request, instruction, or with the agreement, of the Obligor Security Trustee disposes of 
any of its assets subject to the Obligor Security where such disposal is made as an alternative to the Obligor Security 
Trustee taking Enforcement Action pursuant to the STID and the Obligor Security Documents, the proceeds of that 
disposal received by the relevant Obligor (“Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds”) will be immediately applied 
by the Cash Manager in accordance with Part A of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments but on the basis 
that paragraph 4 of the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments (which relates to the Secured Pensions 
Liabilities) is deemed to be interposed between the existing paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments for the purpose of such application. 
Any Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds applied in accordance with the above paragraph shall discharge 
the AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities and AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities respectively in an amount equal 
to the pro rata share of such Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds received by the AA UK Pension Trustee and the 
AA Ireland Pension Trustee. 
The provisions described in this section “—Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds” shall continue to apply 
(a) in respect of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, if the AA Ireland Pension Trustee has ceased to be an Obligor Secured

--- Page 203 ---
183 
  
Creditor following the discharge of all AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities; and (b) in respect of the AA UK 
Pension Trustee, if the AA UK Pension Trustee has ceased to be an Obligor Secured Creditor following the discharge of 
all AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities or because the ABF Implementation Date has occurred. 
Part A—Obligor Operating Accounts and certain Designated Account 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, on each Loan Interest 
Payment Date (except in respect of paragraph 6 of this Part A below, which shall apply on the Loan Interest Payment 
Date falling in January of each year only) the Cash Manager shall instruct (a) the Borrower Account Bank to withdraw 
amounts from the Debt Service Payment Account and (b) following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the 
account banks at which any Obligor Operating Accounts and any Designated Accounts (excluding the Defeasance 
Account, the Mandatory Prepayment Account, any Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account and the Excess 
Cashflow Account) are maintained to withdraw amounts from such accounts, in each case, to be applied by the Cash 
Manager in or towards paying or providing for the payment of the following amounts (including, in each case, where 
applicable in accordance with the relevant contractual provisions, any amount of or in respect of VAT) in accordance 
with the applicable order of priority as follows, without double counting: 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest on 
any of the foregoing) due and payable by any Obligor to the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver 
under any Transaction Document; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the First Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest on 
any of the foregoing) of the Issuer Security Trustee and each Note Trustee under any Issuer 
Transaction Document; 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Borrower 
Account Bank incurred under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the Second Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of: 
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider incurred under the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Agents 
incurred under any Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Cash Manager incurred under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; and 
(vi) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency; 
3. 
third, to the Issuer by way of the Third Facility Fee: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those 
creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due and 
payable to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise specifically 
provided for in this priority of payments) prior to the next Loan Interest Payment Date, which 
amounts have been incurred without breach by the Issuer of the Issuer Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided elsewhere in this priority of 
payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity

--- Page 204 ---
184 
  
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes and the Class 
B Notes are listed (or any other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of the 
Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount); 
4. 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fourth Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and 
expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable by the 
Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable by the Issuer); and 
(b) 
all amounts due and payable by any Obligor in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other 
remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider 
and Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable to such Liquidity Facility Provider and Liquidity 
Facility Agent under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity 
Amounts payable by the Borrower); 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Facility Agent 
due and payable under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and 
any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all amounts of interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of 
each Class A Authorised Credit Provider (except in relation to principal) due and payable under any 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(c) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, termination 
payments, and final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to: 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; and 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(d) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower), all scheduled amounts (other than principal 
exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, termination payments, and final exchange payments on 
cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement; 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts required to be deposited into the Maintenance Capex Reserve 
Account pursuant to the CTA; 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
all scheduled instalment amounts of principal (excluding any bullet amount payable on the Final 
Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised Credit Facility) due and payable under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of 
“Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, final 
exchange payments on cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to: 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; and 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, each OCB Secured Hedge 
Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and

--- Page 205 ---
185 
  
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower), all termination payments (excluding Subordinated 
Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory 
Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal 
exchange amounts on cross-currency swaps, final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps, or 
other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer 
Hedging Agreement; 
8. 
eighth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on or prior to the Final Maturity Date in respect of the relevant 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility and provided no Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing (excluding a 
Trigger Event resulting from the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), all amounts of interest, fees, other 
remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (except in relation to principal) due and 
payable under the relevant Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
9. 
ninth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, in or 
towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of all amounts of principal and any Make-Whole Amount due 
and payable under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility; and 
10. 
tenth, if the Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following a Qualifying Public Offering, in or towards 
satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(a) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; 
(b) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any Borrower Hedging 
Agreement; 
(c) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable 
by any Obligor under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(d) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement, 
provided that this paragraph 10 will not apply if any amounts remain outstanding under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility on or following its Final Maturity Date, a Trigger Event subsists on the Loan 
Interest Payment Date or the Loan Interest Payment Date falls during a period in which Excess Cashflow is 
required to be credited to the TAAL Migration Condition Account in accordance with the CTA. 
Part B—Excess Cashflow 
Prior to the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, on each Loan Interest 
Payment Date falling (in respect of paragraphs 3 and 4 of this Part B below only) in January or July and (in respect of 
paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Part B below only) in July of each year (each such date being a “relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date”), to the extent any of the below paragraphs are applicable on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date, 
the Cash Manager shall instruct the Borrower Account Bank to withdraw amounts from the Excess Cashflow Account 
(and, in respect of paragraph 3(a) of this Part B below, the Defeasance Account) to be applied by the Cash Manager in 
or towards paying or providing for the payment of the following amounts in accordance with the applicable order of 
priority as follows, without double counting: 
Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering 
1. 
subject to paragraphs 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date”) 
to 4 (“—Application of funds following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured Liabilities remain 
outstanding”) below, if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date is a Cash Sweep Payment Date falling prior to 
a Qualifying Public Offering, in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in respect of each Class A Authorised Credit Facility that had specified the preceding Financial 
Year as a Bank Debt Sweep Period, the Required Sweep Percentage applicable to that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility of Excess Cashflow for that Financial Year in or towards prepaying the 
outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, provided that if:

--- Page 206 ---
186 
  
(i) 
the Required Sweep Percentage (applicable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility) is 100% 
and break costs under any Hedging Transaction associated with that Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility will be payable as a result of such prepayment (“Associated Break Costs”); or 
(ii) 
the Required Sweep Percentage (applicable to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility) is less 
than 100% but the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the relevant Bank Debt Sweep Period to 
be applied in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) below towards paying the Associated Break 
Costs would be insufficient to pay such amounts, 
then the amount of Excess Cashflow required to be applied in prepayment of that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility under this paragraph (a) will be reduced by an amount required to enable 
the Associated Break Costs to be satisfied and such amount shall be applied in satisfaction of paying 
those Associated Break Costs; and 
(b) 
second, the remainder of Excess Cashflow in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of any Associated Break Costs (to the 
extent not paid under paragraph (a) above); 
(ii) 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(A) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(B) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Borrower under any Borrower 
Hedging Agreement; and 
(C) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, Subordinated Hedge Amounts 
due and payable by any Obligor under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; 
(D) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(I) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; and 
(II) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any 
Issuer Hedging Agreement; and 
(iii) 
third, to the Borrower and/or any Obligor in or towards any purpose not restricted by the terms 
of the Finance Documents; 
Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date 
2. 
subject to paragraphs 3 (“—Application of funds on a Final Maturity Date”) and 4 (“—Application of funds 
following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured Liabilities remain outstanding”) below, if a Trigger 
Event is subsisting on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date then paragraph 1 (“—Payments in respect of a 
Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering”) will not apply and 100% of Excess Cashflow 
for the most recent Financial Year shall be applied in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(i) 
prepaying on a pro rata basis the outstanding principal amount under each Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) which bears 
interest at a floating rate less an amount which is required to pay the Associated Break Costs 
relating to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, which amount shall be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of those Associated Break Costs; and 
(ii) 
the defeasance on a pro rata basis of the outstanding principal amount under each Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement) 
which bears interest at a fixed rate by depositing the relevant amounts into the Defeasance 
Account up to the outstanding principal amount under any such fixed rate Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (provided that if the Trigger Event(s) subsisting on the relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date was not a CTA Event of Default the Cash Manager (on the Borrower’s behalf) 
will be entitled to withdraw such amounts deposited to the Defeasance Account in accordance 
with this paragraph (a)(ii) and apply such amounts towards a Defeased Cash Note Purchase); 
and

--- Page 207 ---
187 
  
(b) 
second, the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the most recent Financial Year in accordance with the 
order of priority set out in paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period 
applies or not); and 
(c) 
third, the remainder of Excess Cashflow for the most recent Financial Year in accordance with 
paragraph 1(b)(iii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not); 
Application of funds on a Final Maturity Date 
3. 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on the Final Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility), then paragraphs 1 (“—Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep 
Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering”) and 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant 
Loan Interest Payment Date”) will not apply and the following will apply: 
(a) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account referable to that maturing Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility shall be applied in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of 
repaying the outstanding principal amount under that maturing Class A Authorised Credit Facility and 
any Associated Break Costs, provided that where there is more than one Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility) maturing on that Final Maturity Date, to the extent the Class 
A Authorised Credit Providers under any other such Class A Authorised Credit Facility are also entitled 
to such amounts standing to the credit of the Defeasance Account, then all such amounts shall instead 
be applied in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of each relevant Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (as reduced by an amount equal to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); 
and 
(b) 
any Projected Excess Cashflow standing to the credit of the Excess Cashflow Account deposited thereto 
in accordance with the CTA in respect of any Cash Accumulation Period applicable to that maturing 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (being the “relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount”) shall 
be applied in accordance with the following order of priority (unless any amounts are outstanding under 
a Post FMD ACF (as defined in paragraph 4 below) on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date, in 
which case the proportion of the relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount referable to the 6 month 
period ending on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date shall instead be applied in accordance with 
paragraph 4 below and only the remainder of the relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount shall be 
applied in accordance with the following order of priority): 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, of: 
(A) 
repaying each Class A Authorised Credit Facility with its Final Maturity Date falling 
on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date (as reduced by an amount equal to any 
Associated Break Costs related to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, which shall 
be applied towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); 
(B) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls within a Cash Accumulation Period 
relating to any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility, being retained in the Excess 
Cashflow Account in an aggregate amount not exceeding the applicable Required 
Accumulation Percentage of Projected Excess Cashflow required to be retained on 
such date; and 
(C) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing (excluding a Trigger Event resulting 
from the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), being applied in accordance with 
paragraphs 2(a)(i) and (ii) above (provided that if following the relevant Loan Interest 
Payment Date the Trigger Event ceases to continue and no other Trigger Event has 
since occurred and is continuing, then any amounts deposited to the Defeasance 
Account in accordance with this paragraph (i)(C) shall be released and applied in 
accordance with this paragraph 3 as if that Trigger Event had not subsisted on the 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date); 
(ii) 
second, the remainder of any relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount in accordance with 
paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not); 
and 
(iii) 
third, the remainder of any relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount in accordance with 
paragraph 1(b)(iii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not);

--- Page 208 ---
188 
  
Application of funds following a Final Maturity Date where the Obligor Secured Liabilities remain outstanding 
4. 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on a date following the Final Maturity Date of any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility) and any amount under that Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility remains outstanding (each such Class A Authorised Credit Facility being a “Post FMD ACF”), 
then paragraphs 1 (“—Payments in respect of a Bank Debt Sweep Period prior to a Qualifying Public Offering”) 
and 2 (“—Application if a Trigger Event subsists on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date”) will not apply 
and 100% of Projected Excess Cashflow for the six month period ending on the relevant Loan Interest Payment 
Date shall be applied in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in or towards, pro rata and pari passu: 
(i) 
satisfaction of repaying the outstanding principal amount under each Post FMD ACF (as 
reduced by an amount equal to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility, which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls on the Final Maturity Date of any other Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility), satisfaction of repaying the 
outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility (as reduced by an 
amount equal to any Associated Break Costs related to that Class A Authorised Credit Facility, 
which shall be applied towards satisfying those Associated Break Costs); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date falls within a Cash Accumulation Period relating 
to any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility, being retained in the Excess Cashflow 
Account in an aggregate amount not exceeding the applicable Required Accumulation 
Percentage of Projected Excess Cashflow required to be retained on such; and 
(iv) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing (excluding a Trigger Event resulting from 
the failure to pay on a Final Maturity Date), being applied in accordance with paragraphs 
2(a)(i) and (ii) above (provided that if following the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date the 
Trigger Event ceases to continue and no other Trigger Event has since occurred and is 
continuing, then any amounts deposited to the Defeasance Account in accordance with this 
paragraph (a)(iv) shall be released and applied in accordance with this paragraph 4 as if that 
Trigger Event had not subsisted on the relevant Loan Interest Payment Date); 
(b) 
second, the remainder of any Projected Excess Cashflow in accordance with the order of priority set 
out in paragraph 1(b)(ii) above (regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not); and 
(c) 
third, the remainder of any Projected Excess Cashflow in accordance with paragraph 1(b)(iii) above 
(regardless of whether a Bank Debt Sweep Period applies or not). 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, all Available 
Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied (to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so), on each Distribution Date, in 
accordance with the following priority of payments (including, in each case, where applicable in accordance with the 
relevant contractual provisions any amount of or in respect of VAT) as set out below, without double counting: 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest on 
any of the foregoing) due and payable by any Obligor to the Obligor Security Trustee or any Receiver 
under any Transaction Document; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the First Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses (including interest on 
any of the foregoing) of the Issuer Security Trustee, any Receiver and the Note Trustees under any 
Issuer Transaction Document; 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Borrower Account 
Bank incurred under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer by way of the Second Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of:

--- Page 209 ---
189 
  
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider incurred under the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Agents 
incurred under any Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; and 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency; 
3. 
third, prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice only, to the Issuer by way of the Third Facility Fee: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those 
creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due and payable 
to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise specifically provided for 
in this priority of payments), which amounts have been incurred without breach by the Issuer of the 
Issuer Transaction Documents to which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided 
elsewhere in this priority of payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes are listed (or any 
other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of the 
Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount); 
4. 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable by any Obligor to: 
(a) 
prior to the ABF Implementation Date, the AA UK Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK Secured 
Pensions Liabilities; and 
(b) 
the AA Ireland Pension Trustee in respect of the AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities; 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
to the Issuer by way of the Fourth Facility Fee, the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of 
all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and 
expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable by the 
Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable by the Issuer); and 
(b) 
all amounts due and payable by any Obligor in respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other 
remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and 
Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable to such Liquidity Facility Provider and Liquidity Facility 
Agent under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts 
payable by any Borrower); 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Facility Agent 
due and payable under each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and 
any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all amounts of interest, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of 
each Class A Authorised Credit Provider (except in relation to principal or any Make-Whole Amount) 
due and payable under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and 
any Hedging Agreement); and

--- Page 210 ---
190 
  
(c) 
prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice only, to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee 
(or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower), 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts on cross- currency swaps, termination 
payments, and final exchange payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
all amounts of principal and any Make-Whole Amount due and payable under any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding any Liquidity Facility and any Hedging Agreement); 
(b) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of 
“Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency 
swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any 
Borrower Hedging Agreement and to each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty under any OCB Secured 
Hedging Agreement; and 
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Sixth Facility Fee (or pursuant to any back-to-back hedge agreement entered 
into between the Issuer and the relevant Borrower(s)), all termination payments (excluding 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of “Optional Early Termination” or 
“Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), 
principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency swaps, or other unscheduled sums due 
and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
8. 
eighth, all amounts of interest, principal, Make-Whole Amount, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, 
costs, charges and expenses due and payable under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
9. 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by any Borrower under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; 
(b) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable under any Borrower Hedging Agreement and under any 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement; and 
(c) 
to the Issuer by way of the Seventh Facility Fee: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement; and 
10. 
tenth, subject to all payments and liabilities of a higher order of priority having been satisfied in full, the surplus 
(if any) together with any amounts standing to the credit of the Obligor Operating Accounts shall be available 
to each Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees fit. 
Enforcement of the Topco Security 
Notification of Share Enforcement Event 
If any Obligor, Topco, Obligor Secured Creditor or Topco Secured Creditor (other than the Obligor Security 
Trustee) becomes aware of the occurrence of any Share Enforcement Event, it shall forthwith notify the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Holdco Group Agent in writing and the Obligor Security Trustee 
shall promptly thereafter notify the Secured Creditor Representatives of the Obligor Secured Creditors, the Issuer 
Secured Creditors and the Topco Secured Creditors. 
Demand Notice 
At any time at which the Obligor Security Trustee has actual notice of the occurrence of a Share Enforcement 
Event, it must promptly request by notice (which shall be copied to the Secured Creditor Representatives of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors) an instruction (a “Topco Demand Notice Instruction”) from the Topco Secured Creditors (through 
their Secured Creditor Representatives) as to whether the Obligor Security Trustee should serve a demand notice (as 
defined in the Topco Payment Undertaking) on Topco requiring Topco to pay on the date and to the account specified

--- Page 211 ---
191 
  
in the demand notice an amount equal to the aggregate Class B Payment Amounts (as defined in the Topco Payment 
Undertaking) determined as at the date of payment specified in the demand notice. 
Instructions to enforce 
If Topco fails to pay an amount equal to the aggregate Class B Payment Amounts (as defined in the Topco 
Payment Undertaking) in accordance with the Topco Payment Undertaking, the Obligor Security Trustee must 
promptly request by notice (which shall be copied to the Secured Creditor Representatives of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors) an instruction (a “Topco Enforcement Instruction”) from the Topco Secured Creditors (through their 
Secured Creditor Representatives) as to whether and/or how the Obligor Security Trustee should enforce the Topco 
Security, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Topco Transaction Documents, provided that the Topco 
Security Enforcement Condition (as defined below) is satisfied. 
When voting on a Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction: 
(a) 
there shall be no quorum requirement in respect of any vote for or against the resolution with respect to the 
Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction; 
(b) 
the Decision Period shall be 45 days from the date of delivery of the Topco Demand Notice Instruction or 
Topco Enforcement Instruction, as applicable; and 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall act on the directions of one or more Topco Secured Creditors representing, 
in aggregate, at least 30% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Topco Secured Liabilities as at 
the date of delivery of the Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction, as applicable. 
Topco Security Enforcement Condition 
The “Topco Security Enforcement Condition” shall be satisfied if in connection with the enforcement of the 
Topco Security: 
(a) 
the Secured Creditor Representative (on behalf of the Class B Noteholders) of the Issuer as a Topco Secured 
Creditor provides the Obligor Security Trustee with a tax opinion from any reputable internationally 
recognised law or accounting firm or any other reputable internationally recognised independent expert which 
is engaged in providing tax opinions, that confirms that there would be no actual or contingent tax liability in 
the Holdco Group as a result of the enforcement of the Topco Security (the “Tax Liability”) in an amount 
more than £10.0 million; or 
(b) 
if the actual or contingent Tax Liability is anticipated to be more than £10.0 million the Issuer Security Trustee 
is provided: 
(i) 
with funds (whether from any prospective purchaser of any of the assets that are subject to the Topco 
Security, any of the Class B Noteholders or any other person) in an amount equal to the excess over 
£10.0 million in respect of such Tax Liability; or 
(ii) 
with such other collateral or support arrangement to mitigate such actual and/or contingent tax 
liability which is satisfactory to the Issuer Security Trustee (acting reasonably) in respect of the 
excess over £10.0 million. 
Topco enforcement proceeds 
Any proceeds of the enforcement of the Topco Security shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of, pro rata 
and pari passu, the repayment of the Topco Secured Liabilities (after all costs, fees and expenses of the Obligor 
Security Trustee and Receiver in relation to the enforcement of the Topco Security have been discharged in full) and 
such funds will not be applied in accordance with the Obligor Priorities of Payments. 
Topco distressed disposals 
If a disposal of Topco Secured Property is being effected following the enforcement of any Topco Security, the 
Obligor Security Trustee is authorised to release the assets subject to the disposal from the Topco Security and execute 
and deliver or enter into any release of those assets or claim and issue any letters of non-crystallisation of any floating 
charge or any consent to dealing that may, in the discretion of the Obligor Security Trustee, be considered necessary or 
desirable.

--- Page 212 ---
192 
  
Governing Law 
The STID and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
Pursuant to a deed of covenant (the “Tax Deed of Covenant”) dated 2 July 2013 between Acromas Holdings 
Limited, AA Limited (the predecessor to AA Limited prior to its re-registration as a public company), Topco, Holdco, 
AA Acquisition Co Limited, the Borrower, AA Corporation Limited and the Issuer (together, the “Tax Covenantors”) 
and the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and amended and restated on 30 January 2015 to 
reflect that AA Limited has replaced Aromas Holdings Limited as the ultimate parent company of Topco, each of the 
Tax Covenantors have made representations and give warranties and covenants with a view to protecting the Issuer and 
the other Security Group Companies from certain Tax-related risks including risks relating to secondary tax liabilities, 
group tax matters (including VAT grouping, Group Relief, group payment arrangements, transfer pricing and the 
worldwide debt cap), degrouping charges and the Issuer’s status as a securitisation company for the purposes of the 
Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006, as amended. AA Limited covenants to compensate or to 
procure compensation of the Security Group Companies in respect of certain unforeseen secondary or other tax 
liabilities caused by or in relation to any person that is not a Security Group Company. AA Limited also guarantees its 
obligations under the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant contains provisions in respect of surrenders of amounts by way of group relief and 
similar transactions, the purpose of which is to ensure that entry into such transactions by Security Group Companies 
does not result in a loss of value to the Security Group. The Tax Deed of Covenant also requires any Security Group 
Company that is covered by the AA Group payment arrangement or that is a member of the AA VAT Group to make 
payments on account of its corporation tax liability and/or VAT to AA Limited on the terms that it may solely be used 
for the purpose of making a payment of corporation tax or in relation to VAT, as applicable, on behalf of the relevant 
Security Group Company. It further requires procurement of payment by AA Limited, as applicable, to a Security 
Group Company of amounts equal to any credit, relief or repayment that it receives from HMRC on behalf of that 
Security Group Company. 
A breach of a covenant, representation, warranty or other obligation contained in the Tax Deed of Covenant 
will result in a “TDC Breach” giving rise to a CTA Event of Default. However, the Tax Deed of Covenant contains 
limitations and exclusions, including that a matter or circumstance giving rise to a breach (a “Relevant Matter or 
Circumstance”) will not give rise to a TDC Breach where: 
(a) 
the aggregate tax liabilities for which any Security Group Company has or could become liable as a result of 
the Relevant Matter or Circumstance (together with any other matters or circumstances arising in the period of 
three years prior to the Relevant Matter or Circumstance which would, ignoring this limitation, result in a TDC 
Breach) are equal to or less than £25.0 million; 
(b) 
the Relevant Matter or Circumstance arises as a result of entering into the ABF; 
(c) 
AA Limited adequately compensates or procures the compensation of the relevant Security Group Company in 
respect of such Relevant Matter or Circumstance; or 
(d) 
the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee have consented to any action undertaken by any 
person which gives rise to such Relevant Matter or Circumstance in advance. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law.

--- Page 213 ---
193 
  
SUMMARY OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS 
Class A IBLAs 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered 
into an Initial Class A IBLA in respect of the £300 million Sub-Class A1 Notes and £325 million Sub-Class A2 Notes 
issued on that date. On 27 August 2013, the Initial Class A IBLA was increased by £350 million in respect of the 
additional £175 million of Sub-Class A1 Notes and £175 million of Sub-Class A2 Notes issued on that date. On 
28 November 2013, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a 
Class A IBLA in respect of the £500 million Sub-Class A3 Notes issued on that date. On 2 May 2014, the Issuer, the 
Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the 
£250 million Sub-Class A4 Notes issued on that date. On 6 December 2016, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer 
Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £700 million Sub-Class 
A5 Notes issued on that date. On 13 July 2017, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor 
Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the £250 million Sub-Class A6 Notes issued on that date. On 
17 July 2017, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class 
A IBLA in respect of the £550 million Sub-Class A7 Notes issued on that date. On 5 February 2020, the Issuer, the 
Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee entered into a Class A IBLA in respect of the 
£325,000,000 million Sub-Class A8 Notes issued on that date. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, only the Sub-
Class A2 Notes, £372,249,000 of the Sub-Class A5 Notes, the Sub-Class A6 Notes, the Sub-Class A7 Notes and the 
Sub-Class A8 Notes remain outstanding. 
The aggregate proceeds of the issuance by the Issuer of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes under the Programme 
will be on-lent to the Borrower under the related Class A IBLA. Each Class A IBLA Advance under a Class A IBLA 
(or each Class A IBLA Sub-Advance together making a single Class A IBLA Advance) will correspond to the principal 
amount of the related Sub-Class of Class A Notes such that the economic terms of each Class A IBLA Advance match 
the economic terms of the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Provided that any future issuances of Class A 
Notes are fungible with an existing issuance of Class A Notes, the Issuer will make available further facilities in an 
aggregate amount equal to the proceeds of each such issuance under the terms of the related Class A IBLA. Otherwise, 
a new Class A IBLA will be entered into for each new issuance by the Issuer of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and the 
subsequent Class A IBLA Advance (or Class A IBLA Sub-Advances, as the case may be) to the Borrower, on 
substantially the same terms as the Initial Class A IBLA. The making of each Class A IBLA Advance will be subject to 
the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in the CTA. 
Matching of obligations 
As each Class A IBLA Advance is structured and tranched to match the tenor and interest rate of each Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, the Class A IBLA Advances have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to 
service any payments due and payable under each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes. 
Class A IBLA Advances 
All Class A IBLA Advances made or to be made by the Issuer under a Class A IBLA are or will be in amounts 
and at rates of interest (or such discount) corresponding to amounts and rates set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus applicable to the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes. The interest payable under any 
Class A IBLA will correspond to the interest payable under the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes.  
Unless otherwise repaid, prepaid or otherwise discharged earlier, the Borrower shall repay each Class A IBLA 
Advance on the Final Maturity Date applicable to such Class A IBLA Advance. 
If a Class A IBLA Advance is not repaid in full on its Final Maturity Date, on any Loan Interest Payment Date 
occurring after such Final Maturity Date whilst such Class A IBLA Advance is outstanding, cash standing to the credit 
of the Excess Cashflow Account and/or the Defeasance Account, as applicable will be applied by the Borrower to 
mandatorily prepay the relevant Class A IBLA Advance, on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the 
applicable Obligor Priorities of Payment and the CTA. 
Prepayments 
The Borrower is entitled to effect a voluntary prepayment of all or any part of any Class A IBLA Advance 
subject to the giving of the requisite period of notice and subject to the payment of an amount equal to the amount 
required by the Issuer to pay any Additional Class A Note Amounts payable on the redemption of the corresponding 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes. If a Trigger Event is subsisting at the time when the Borrower wishes to effect a voluntary

--- Page 214 ---
194 
  
prepayment, such prepayment has to be applied as described in paragraph (c) under “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Trigger Events—Trigger Event Consequences”. 
In addition, the Borrower may be required to repay a Class A IBLA Advance if the Issuer has the right to 
redeem the corresponding Sub-Class of Class A Notes for taxation reasons or illegality pursuant to Class A Condition 
7(d) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Redemption for Taxation 
or Other Reasons”). Such prepayment by the Borrower shall be in an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Class A IBLA Advance together with any accrued but unpaid interest and Facility Fees thereon, in 
each case to the date of such prepayment. 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting, the Borrower is obliged to effect a mandatory prepayment or defeasance of 
amounts outstanding under Class A Authorised Credit Facilities out of Disposal Proceeds arising from permitted 
disposals of Permitted Businesses during any Financial Year (i) to the extent the aggregate of such proceeds for that 
Financial Year exceeds £25.0 million, or (ii) if such proceeds are equal to or less than £25.0 million and are not applied 
in reinvestment in a Permitted Business during specified time periods provided that, any Disposal Proceeds shall be 
applied on a pro rata basis to, among other things, prepay or defease all Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (including 
the Initial Class A IBLA) as provided for in the CTA. 
If a Trigger Event is subsisting, the Borrower is obliged to effect a mandatory prepayment or defeasance of 
amounts outstanding under Class A Authorised Credit Facilities from Insurance Proceeds. Save that if a Trigger Event 
is subsisting at the relevant time, such Insurance Proceeds shall be applied on a pro rata basis to, among other things, 
prepay or defease all Class A Authorised Credit Facilities (including the Initial Class A IBLA) as provided for in the 
CTA. 
Following a Qualifying Public Offering any Disposal Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds may be applied at the 
discretion of the Borrower. 
Accordingly, it is possible that the Borrower may elect or may be required to prepay Class A IBLA Advances 
in whole or in part to the extent of such proceeds. The Borrower would be required to pay additional amounts to the 
Issuer to enable the Issuer to redeem the relevant Class A Notes including any Additional Class A Note Amounts. 
See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management”. 
Unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred or unless otherwise agreed in relation to a particular Class A 
IBLA Advance, in respect of each Class A IBLA Advance, the 12 month period ending on the Final Maturity Date of 
such Class A IBLA Advance shall be a Cash Accumulation Period and the Required Accumulation Percentage should 
be 100% 
Subject to the Common Terms Agreement and the STID, if a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing on 
a Loan Interest Payment Date falling on 31 July in each Financial Year then on each such Loan Interest Payment Date, 
the Borrower shall repay or defease, as the case may be, Class A IBLA Advances in an amount equal to the relevant 
amount of Excess Cashflow for that year in respect of each such Class A IBLA Advance as provided for in the STID. 
Fees 
Prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower was required to pay on behalf of the Issuer by way of the up-front fee, 
any expenses of the Issuer reasonably incurred in connection with the initial issue of Class A Notes including, inter 
alia, the upfront fees and expenses of the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Agents, the Issuer Cash 
Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the Dealers, the Liquidity Facility Providers, 
the Rating Agency and the Issuer’s legal advisers, accountants and auditors. 
After the Closing Date, the Borrower is required to pay periodically a fee by way of the Facility Fee which 
shall meet the ongoing costs, losses and expenses of the Issuer in respect of amounts owed to, inter alios, the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee (and any receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee), the Class A 
Agents, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Provider, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Rating Agency, the Issuer’s legal advisers, 
accountants and auditors and any amounts payable to the Issuer Hedge Counterparties (if any) (in each case to the 
extent not covered by the up-front fee) and the Liquidity Facility Providers. 
Secured obligations 
The obligations of the Borrower under each Class A IBLA are or will be secured pursuant to the Obligor 
Security Documents, and such obligations are or will be guaranteed by each other Obligor in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee, who will hold the benefit of such security and guarantees on trust for the Obligor Secured Creditors 
(including the Issuer) on the terms of the STID.

--- Page 215 ---
195 
  
CTA Event of Default 
The Issuer’s obligations to repay principal and pay interest on the Class A Notes are intended to be met 
primarily from the payments of principal and interest received from the Borrower under the Class A IBLAs and 
payments received under any related Issuer Hedging Agreements. Failure of the Borrower to repay a Class A IBLA 
Advance under the Initial Class A IBLA on the Final Maturity Date in respect of such Class A IBLA Advance will be a 
CTA Event of Default, although it will not, of itself, constitute a Class A Note Event of Default. The Final Maturity 
Date under the Class A Notes corresponding to the relevant Class A IBLA Advance may fall a number of years after the 
Final Maturity Date of the corresponding Class A IBLA. In the event that a Class A IBLA Advance is not repaid in full 
on the Final Maturity Date of such Class A IBLA Advance, such Class A IBLA Advance (and the corresponding Sub-
Class of Class A Notes) will accrue interest at a different rate. If the Class A Notes are not redeemed in full by their 
Final Maturity Date, there will be a Class A Note Event of Default. 
Withholding/deductions 
The Borrower agrees to make all payments to the Issuer free and clear of any withholding on account of Tax 
unless it is required by law to do so when, in such circumstances, the Borrower will gross-up such payments. 
Tax gross-up 
In addition, under the terms of the Class A IBLA, the Obligors are required to pay additional amounts if a 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments required to be made to the Issuer. 
Subsequent Class A IBLAs 
On or prior to any further Issue Date in which the Issuer issues Class A Notes, the proceeds of which are 
intended to be on-lent to the Borrower, which are not fungible with an existing series of Class A Notes, then a new 
Class A IBLA will be entered into by the Issuer, the Borrower, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee. Such new Class A IBLA will be entered into substantially on the same terms as set out above (each of these 
subsequent Class A IBLAs along with the Initial Class A IBLA will constitute the “Class A IBLAs” and each a “Class 
A IBLA”). 
Governing law 
Each Class A IBLA and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be 
governed by English law. 
Senior Term Facility Agreement  
General  
On 26 February 2021, the Borrower and the STF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into the Senior Term 
Facility Agreement of up to £150,000,000  (the “Senior Term Facility Agreement”) which became effective on 10 
March 2021 and drawings under which were used on 10 March 2021 to finance, refinance and replace amounts under 
the 2018 Senior Term Facility and related fees, costs, taxes and expenses thereto. The facility made available under the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement being the “Senior Term Facility”. 
Maturity  
The Senior Term Facility will mature on 10 March 2026 (the “STF Final Maturity Date”).  
Margin and interest rate 
The initial rate of interest payable on each loan drawn under the Senior Term Facility is the aggregate of the 
applicable margin plus applicable GBP LIBOR. The Senior Term Facility contemplates that GBP LIBOR will be 
amended at a later date. The initial margin in respect of the Senior Term Facility is 2.75 per cent. per annum.  
Interest periods  
The Borrower may select interest periods of one, three or six months (or any other period agreed with the STF 
Agent, or as otherwise may be required to align to certain payment dates and/or accounting dates) for loans under the 
Senior Term Facility (each a “STF Loan”).

--- Page 216 ---
196 
  
Representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings  
The Obligors make representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings to the STF Arrangers, the STF 
Lenders, the Obligor Security Trustee and the STF Agent substantially on the terms set out in certain schedules to the 
CTA, subject to certain amendments, exclusions, updates to, or additional, representations, warranties, covenants and 
undertakings in the Senior Term Facility Agreement.  
Mandatory prepayments  
The Senior Term Facility (or amounts thereunder) shall be subject to cancellation and/or prepayment upon the 
occurrence of an Illegality Event and, at the option of the relevant STF Lender, if a Sale (as defined below) or a Change 
of Control (as defined below) occurs. For the purposes of this provision, “Illegality Event” shall mean an event such 
that it becomes unlawful in any applicable jurisdiction for a STF Lender to perform any of its obligations as 
contemplated by the Senior Term Facility Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation in a STF Loan after the 
date of the Senior Term Facility Agreement (or, if later, the date on which such STF Lender becomes Party to the 
Senior Term Facility Agreement as a new STF Lender). 
Voluntary prepayments  
The Borrower may, by giving not fewer than one Business Day’s (or such shorter period as the STF Lenders 
holding, in aggregate, commitments under the Senior Term Facility of more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the total 
commitments under the Senior Term Facility (the “STF Majority Lenders”) may agree prior notice to the STF Agent, 
prepay the whole or any part of the relevant STF Loan (but, if in part, being an amount that reduces the amount of the 
STF Loan by a specified minimum amount) (or such lesser amount as may be outstanding or as may be agreed by the 
STF Agent.  
Change of Control and STF Permitted Change of Control 
The Senior Term Facility Agreement defines “change of control” as any person or group of persons acting in 
concert (excluding any Original Investor (as defined in the Senior Term Facility Agreement) or member of management 
or person(s) approved by the STF Majority Lenders, and any person or entity directly or indirectly controlled by any of 
them), acquiring and beneficially holding more than 50.01% of the issued voting shares of Topco or Holdco (excluding 
any part of that issued share capital that carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of 
either profits or capital). No Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred in the event of an STF Permitted 
Change of Control (as described below). 
Upon the occurrence of a change of control determined pursuant to the terms of the Senior Term Facility 
Agreement (“STF Change of Control”) or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Holdco Group whether 
in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person who is not a member of the Holdco Group (a 
“Sale”):  
(a) 
the Borrower shall promptly notify the STF Agent upon becoming aware of that event and the STF Agent shall 
promptly thereafter notify the STF Lenders;  
(b) 
each STF Lender shall have a period from the date on which such STF Change of Control or Sale occurs until 
the date falling 30 days after the STF Agent notifies the STF Lenders as described in paragraph (a) above (the 
“STF Change of Control Notification Period”), during which time the STF Lender may notify the STF 
Agent that it wishes to cancel its commitment in respect of the Senior Term Facility and declare its 
participation in the STF Loan, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued under the STF 
Finance Documents immediately due and payable, and the STF Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the 
Borrower of each such notification by a STF Lender;  
(c) 
from the first day of any STF Change of Control Notification Period until, and including, the date falling 10 
Business Days after the end of the STF Change of Control Notification Period, a STF Lender shall not be 
obliged to fund the STF Loan; and  
(d) 
in respect of each STF Lender which notifies the STF Agent as described in paragraph (b) above, the 
commitment of that STF Lender in respect of the Senior Term Facility will be cancelled and all outstanding 
amounts in respect of the STF Loan, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued under the 
STF Finance Documents, will become immediately due and payable 10 Business Days after the end of the STF 
Change of Control Notification Period.  
A STF Change of Control under the Senior Term Facility Agreement shall not be deemed to have occurred as 
a result of the Obligor Security Trustee gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a Share Enforcement 
Event or a purchaser gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a sale pursuant to a Share Enforcement

--- Page 217 ---
197 
  
Event (a “STF Permitted Change of Control”) provided always that the person or entity which acquires direct or 
indirect control of Holdco is not a Restricted Person and provided that where a STF Lender is unable (acting 
reasonably) to comply with or otherwise be satisfied with any applicable “know your customer” or similar identification 
requirements or sanctions requirements within the time periods set out in the Senior Term Facility Agreement that STF 
Lender may by 5 Business Days’ notice cancel its commitment and declare that its participations in the Senior Term 
Facility Agreement are immediately due and payable. Following the occurrence of a STF Permitted Change of Control, 
unless a Cash Accumulation Period (as defined in the Senior Term Facility Agreement) has commenced (or commences 
during such Bank Debt Sweep Period (as defined in the Senior Term Facility Agreement)) the period from the date of 
such STF Permitted Change of Control until the end of the Financial Year in which such STF Permitted Change of 
Control occurs and each of the subsequent Financial Years thereafter until and including the Financial Year ending 
31 January 2026 shall be a Bank Debt Sweep Period and the Required Sweep Percentage (as defined in the Senior Term 
Facility Agreement) in respect of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period shall be 100 per cent., such that the Borrower 
shall be required to prepay the outstanding STF Loan(s) in an amount equal to the relevant amount of Excess Cashflow 
in respect of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period provided for in, and in accordance with the STID. 
Default interest  
Prior to the STF Final Maturity Date, if the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a STF 
Finance Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of 
actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% higher than the rate which would have been 
payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted an STF Loan in the currency of the 
overdue amount for successive interest periods, each of a duration selected by the STF Agent (acting reasonably).  
With effect from the STF Final Maturity Date, interest shall accrue on each unpaid sum up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgement) at a fixed rate equal to 3.75% per annum.  
Events of default  
The CTA Events of Default will apply in respect of the Senior Term Facility Agreement, subject to certain 
caveats and exclusions as contained in the Senior Term Facility Agreement. See “Summary of the Common Documents 
—Common Terms Agreement—CTA Events of Default”.  
The ability of the STF Lenders to accelerate any sums owing to them under the Senior Term Facility 
Agreement upon or following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default is subject to the STID.  
Fees  
Certain fees, costs, taxes and expenses are payable in respect of the Senior Term Facility, including certain 
arrangement and underwriting fees payable to the STF Arrangers and STF Underwriters and certain agency fees 
payable to the facility agent under the Senior Term Facility Agreement. 
Governing Law  
The Senior Term Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by English law.  
Working Capital Facility Agreement  
General  
On 26 February 2021, the Borrower and the WCF Arrangers, amongst others, entered into a working capital 
revolving credit facility (the “Working Capital Facility Agreement”). A credit facility made available to the Borrower 
by the lenders under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the “WCF Lenders”) comprises a revolving working 
capital facility of up to £55,729,915 (the “Working Capital Facility”). Subject to the terms of the Working Capital 
Facility Agreement and any document relating to or evidencing the terms of an ancillary facility, a WCF Lender may 
make available ancillary facilities to the Borrower in place of all or part of their unutilised commitment under the 
Working Capital Facility (a “WCF Ancillary Facility”). The proceeds of the Working Capital Facility shall be applied 
to: (a) finance, refinance or replace amounts under the 2018 Working Capital Facility Agreement, (b) discharge, redeem 
or cash collateralise letters of credit and/or bank guarantees outstanding on or about the Acquisition Closing Date (as 
defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement), (c) working capital purposes and/or (d) payment of certain fees, 
costs, expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes.

--- Page 218 ---
198 
  
Maturity  
The Working Capital Facility will mature on 10 March 2026 (the “WCF Final Maturity Date”). The 
Working Capital Facility is available to be drawn by AA Senior Co Limited (the “Borrower”) from the 10 March 2021 
until the date falling one month prior to the WCF Final Maturity Date. 
Margin and interest rate 
The initial rate of interest payable on each loan drawn under the Working Capital Facility is the aggregate of 
the applicable margin plus applicable GBP LIBOR. The Working Capital Facility contemplates that GBP LIBOR will 
be amended at a later date. The initial margin in respect of the Working Capital Facility is 2.75 per cent. per annum. 
Interest periods  
The Borrower may select interest periods of one week or one, two, three or six months (or any other period 
agreed with Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as agent under the Working Capital Facility Agreement (the “WCF 
Agent”), or as otherwise may be required to align to certain payment dates and/or accounting dates) for loans under the 
Working Capital Facility (each a “WCF Loan”). 
Representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings  
The Obligors have made and will make representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings to the WCF 
Arrangers, the WCF Lenders, the Obligor Security Trustee and the WCF Agent substantially on the terms set out in 
certain schedules to the CTA, subject to certain amendments, exclusions, updates to, or additional, representations, 
warranties, covenants and undertakings as contained in the Working Capital Term Facility Agreement.  
Mandatory Prepayment  
The Working Capital Facility (or amounts thereunder) shall be subject to cancellation and/or prepayment upon 
the occurrence of an Illegality Event (as defined above) and, at the option of the relevant WCF Lender, if a Sale (as 
defined below) or a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs.  
Voluntary prepayments  
The Borrower may, by giving not fewer than one Business Day’s (or such shorter period as the WCF Lenders 
holding, in aggregate, commitments under the Working Capital Facility of more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the total 
commitments under the Working Capital Facility (the “WCF Majority Lenders”) may agree prior notice to the WCF 
Agent, cancel the whole or any part of a WCF Loan (but, if in part, being an amount that reduces the amount of a WCF 
Loan by a specified minimum amount) (or such lesser amount as may be outstanding or such other amount as may be 
agreed by the WCF Agent).  
Change of Control and WCF Permitted Change of Control 
The Working Capital Facility Agreement shall define “change of control” as any person or group of persons 
acting in concert (excluding, any Original Investor (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) or member 
of management or person(s) approved by the WCF Majority Lenders, and any person or entity directly or indirectly 
controlled by any of them), acquiring and beneficially holding more than 50.01% of the issued voting shares of Topco 
or Holdco (excluding any part of that issued share capital that carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount 
in a distribution of either profits or capital). No Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred in the event of a 
WCF Permitted Change of Control. 
Upon the occurrence of a change of control determined pursuant to the terms of the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement (a “WCF Change of Control”) or the sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Holdco Group, whether 
in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (a “Sale”):  
(a) 
the Borrower shall promptly notify the WCF Agent upon becoming aware of that event and the WCF Agent 
shall promptly thereafter notify the WCF Lenders;  
(b) 
each WCF Lender shall have a period from the date on which such WCF Change of Control or Sale occurs 
until the date falling 30 days after the WCF Agent notifies the WCF Lenders as described in paragraph 
(a) above (the “WCF Change of Control Notification Period”), during which time the WCF Lender may 
notify the WCF Agent that it wishes to cancel its commitment in respect of the Working Capital Facility and 
declare its participation in all outstanding WCF Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts 
accrued under the WCF Finance Documents immediately due and payable, and the WCF Agent shall promptly 
thereafter notify the Borrower of each such notification by a WCF Lender;

--- Page 219 ---
199 
  
(c) 
from the first day of any WCF Change of Control Notification Period until, and including, the date falling 10 
Business Days after the end of the WCF Change of Control Notification Period no WCF Loan may be 
requested other than a rollover loan in respect of the Working Capital Facility; and  
(d) 
in respect of each WCF Lender which notifies the WCF Agent as described in paragraph (b) above, the 
commitment of that WCF Lender will be cancelled and all outstanding WCF Loans, together with accrued 
interest, and all other amounts accrued under the WCF Finance Documents, will become immediately due and 
payable 10 Business Days after the end of the WCF Change of Control Notification Period.  
A WCF Change of Control under the Working Capital Facility Agreement shall not be deemed to have 
occurred as a result of a WCF Permitted Change of Control, provided always that the person or entity which acquires 
direct or indirect control of Holdco is not a Restricted Person and provided that where a WCF Lender is unable (acting 
reasonably) to comply with or otherwise be satisfied with any applicable “know your customer” or similar identification 
requirements or sanctions requirements within the time periods set out in the Working Capital Facility Agreement that 
WCF Lender may by 5 Business Days’ notice cancel its commitment and declare that its participations in the Working 
Capital Facility Agreement are immediately due and payable. Following the occurrence of a WCF Permitted Change of 
Control, unless amounts remain outstanding under the Senior Term Facility or a Cash Accumulation Period (as defined 
in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) has commenced (or commences during such Bank Debt Sweep Period (as 
defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement)) the period from the date of such WCF Permitted Change of 
Control until the end of the Financial Year in which such WCF Permitted Change of Control occurs and each of the 
subsequent Financial Years thereafter until and including the Financial Year ending 31 January 2026 shall be a Bank 
Debt Sweep Period and the Required Sweep Percentage (as defined in the Working Capital Facility Agreement) in 
respect of each such Bank Debt Sweep Period shall be 100 per cent., such that the Borrower shall be required to prepay 
the outstanding WCF Loan(s) in an amount equal to the relevant amount of Excess Cashflow in respect of each such 
Bank Debt Sweep Period provided for in, and in accordance with the STID. 
Clean down  
The Borrower is required to ensure that the aggregate of:  
(a) 
all WCF Loans, any overdraft or cash loan element outstanding in respect of the WCF Ancillary Facilities and 
(without double counting) any cash loans covered by a letter of credit or guarantee issued under a WCF 
Ancillary Facility; less  
(b) 
any amount of Cash or Cash Equivalent Investments of the Holdco Group (other than any amount standing to 
the credit of a Designated Account) that is freely available to the Borrower for the purpose of discharging the 
financial indebtedness referred to in paragraph (a) above,  
shall be reduced to zero for a period (a “WCF Clean-Down Period”) of not less than three successive 
Business Days in the period between the date of the first utilisation of the Working Capital Facility and the Financial 
Year ended 31 January 2022 and in each subsequent Financial Year ending after the date of the first utilisation of the 
Working Capital Facility. Not less than three months shall elapse between the end of one WCF Clean-Down Period and 
the beginning of the next WCF Clean-Down Period.  
Default interest  
Prior to the WCF Final Maturity Date, if the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a WCF 
Finance Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of 
actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% per annum higher than the rate which would 
have been payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted a WCF Loan in the 
currency of the overdue amount for successive interest periods, each of a duration selected by the New WCF Agent 
(acting reasonably).  
With effect from the WCF Final Maturity Date, interest shall accrue on each unpaid sum up to the date of 
actual payment (both before and after judgement) at a fixed rate equal to 3.75% per annum.  
Events of default  
The CTA Events of Default will apply under the Working Capital Facility Agreement, subject to certain 
caveats and exclusions as contained in the Working Capital Facility Agreement. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents —Common Terms Agreement—CTA Events of Default”).  
The ability of the WCF Lenders to accelerate any sums owing to them under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement upon or following the occurrence of a CTA Event of Default will be subject to the STID.

--- Page 220 ---
200 
  
Fees  
The Borrower shall pay (or procure payment) to the WCF Agent (for the account of each WCF Lender) a 
commitment fee computed at the rate of 35% of the margin in respect of the Working Capital Facility per annum on the 
undrawn available commitments in respect of the Working Capital Facility from 10 March 2021. The accrued 
commitment fee will be payable on the last day of each successive three month period during the availability period of 
the Working Capital Facility, on the last day of the availability period of the Working Capital Facility and on the 
cancelled amount of the relevant WCF Lender’s commitment in respect of the Working Capital Facility at the time the 
cancellation is effective.  
Certain fees, costs, taxes and expenses will be payable in respect of the Working Capital Facility, including 
certain arrangement and underwriting fees payable to the WCF Arrangers and WCF Underwriters and certain agency 
fees payable to the facility agent under the Working Capital Facility Agreement. 
Governing law  
The Working Capital Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Obligor Security Agreement 
The Borrower and each other Obligor that is a party to the Obligor Security Agreement covenants with the 
Obligor Security Trustee as primary obligor, to pay or discharge promptly on demand all of the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities on the dates on which they are expressed to become due (or, if no such date is specified, immediately on 
demand by the Obligor Security Trustee) in the manner specified in the relevant Finance Document, the AA UK 
Pension Agreement and the AA Ireland Pension Agreement. Each Obligor that is a party to the Obligor Security 
Agreement grants fixed and floating security interests in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee for itself and on behalf 
of each of the other Obligor Secured Creditors as security for the payment, discharge and performance of all of the 
Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
Each Obligor that is a party to the Obligor Security Agreement grants the following security: 
(a) 
a charge by way of first legal mortgage over: 
(i) 
certain identified Real Property in England or Wales; and 
(ii) 
the shares in any member of the Holdco Group (except in relation to any company incorporated 
in Jersey or Ireland) belonging to it on the date the Obligor becomes party to the Obligor 
Security Agreement, to take effect in equity pending the delivery of a Loan Enforcement 
Notice; 
(b) 
first fixed charges over all of its right, title and interest from time to time in and to: 
(i) 
Real Property (to the extent not the subject to the legal mortgage referred to above); 
(ii) 
its shares in any member of the Holdco Group (to the extent not the subject to the legal 
mortgage referred to above and except in relation to any company incorporated in Jersey or 
the Republic of Ireland); 
(iii) 
each Designated Account and each Obligor Operating Account; 
(iv) 
to the extent not effectively assigned as referred to below, the Hedging Agreements, the OCB 
Secured Hedging Agreements, and the Business Transfer Deed (together, the “Assigned 
Agreements”); 
(v) 
any goodwill and rights in relation to its uncalled capital; 
(vi) 
the benefit of all consents and agreements held by it in connection with the use of any of its 
assets;  
(vii) 
certain Intellectual Property specified in the Obligor Security Agreement and other Intellectual 
Property used or owned by the Obligors who are party to the Obligor Security Agreement and 
which is required to conduct their business or part of their business; and 
(viii) 
monetary claims;

--- Page 221 ---
201 
  
(c) 
an assignment by way of security of all of rights in respect of the Insurance Policies and the Assigned 
Agreements and other designated material contracts; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge (being a “qualifying floating charge”, for the purposes of paragraph 14 of 
Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986), over the whole of its undertaking and all of its property and 
assets whatsoever and wheresoever situated, present and future, other than any property or assets from 
time to time or for the time being effectively charged by way of legal mortgage, fixed charge or 
otherwise assigned as security as referred to above. 
The Obligor Security Trustee holds the benefit of the Obligor Security Agreement on trust for itself and each 
of the other Obligor Secured Creditors. 
The Obligor Security Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law. 
Additional Authorised Credit Facilities 
The Borrower is permitted to incur Financial Indebtedness under Authorised Credit Facilities with an 
Authorised Credit Provider subject to any applicable financial covenants and the terms of the CTA and the STID. Each 
Authorised Credit Provider will be party to the CTA and the STID. 
Borrower Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Borrower, the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Cash Manager and the Borrower Account Bank, the Borrower Account Bank will maintain the 
“Designated Accounts”, all such accounts in the name of the Borrower, but subject to the control of the Obligor 
Security Trustee. 
If the Borrower Account Bank ceases to be an Acceptable Bank then the Borrower will be required to arrange 
for the transfer of such accounts to an Acceptable Bank on terms acceptable to the Obligor Security Trustee. 
The Borrower Account Bank Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it will be governed by English law.

--- Page 222 ---
202 
  
SUMMARY OF THE CREDIT AND LIQUIDITY SUPPORT DOCUMENTS 
Liquidity Facility Agreement  
General  
On 26 February 2021, the Issuer and the Borrower entered into a liquidity facility in a principal amount of up 
to £160,000,000 which became effective on 10 March 2021 (the “Liquidity Facility Agreement”) with, among others, 
the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity Facility Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Security Trustee and 
the Obligor Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility Providers granted to the Borrower a revolving 
364-day liquidity facility to permit drawings to be made (a) by the Issuer to fund any Issuer Liquidity Shortfall and 
(b) by the Borrower to fund any Borrower Liquidity Shortfall.  
Term  
The Liquidity Facility Agreement is available for a period of 364 days after 10 March 2021, subject to renewal 
as described in “Renewal” below. Subject to final termination provisions, the Liquidity Facility Agreement is currently 
available for the period from 10 March 2021 to but excluding the date that falls 364 days after 10 March 2021 or, 
following acceptance by the Issuer and the Borrower of a renewal confirmation as described in “Renewal” below, the 
date falling 364 days after the date of the then New Liquidity Facility Agreement (as defined below) (or if any such day 
is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such date) (the “Scheduled LF Termination Date”).  
Renewal  
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that not more than 60 or fewer than 30 days before the then 
Scheduled LF Termination Date, the Issuer (or the Cash Manager) and the Borrower may request that each Liquidity 
Facility Provider agree to enter into a new committed revolving facility for a further 364 days on the same terms as the 
terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement. The Liquidity Facility Agent will notify the Issuer, the Borrower and the 
Cash Manager by delivering a renewal confirmation to those parties of each such Liquidity Facility Provider’s 
acceptance of such request within the time period specified in the Liquidity Facility Agreement and, upon the Issuer and 
the Borrower countersigning the renewal confirmation and without any further action being required on the part of any 
party to the Liquidity Facility Agreement, a new facility shall be granted by each such Liquidity Facility Provider to the 
Issuer and the Borrower on the same terms as the terms of the Liquidity Agreement as amended as permitted by the 
terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, such agreement being effective from the date of expiry of the previous 
liquidity facility (the “New Liquidity Facility Agreement”).  
If the Issuer or the Borrower does not make a renewal request in accordance with the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement or any Liquidity Facility Provider does not consent to a renewal request, the Issuer and the Borrower agree 
to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that either:  
(a) 
prior to the seventh day before the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, one or more liquidity facility 
providers with the required credit rating accedes to the Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with 
the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement; or  
(b) 
on or before the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, they enter into a substitute liquidity facility with 
one or more substitute liquidity providers with the Requisite Rating (as defined in “—Ratings 
requirement and standby drawings” below),  
in each case such that the rating of the Class A Notes assigned by the Rating Agency at such time will not fall 
below the then current rating of the Class A Notes. If the Issuer and the Borrower are unable to replace any Liquidity 
Facility Provider or enter into a New Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, the Issuer and the Borrower shall serve a drawdown notice on the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Provider requesting a drawing from that Liquidity Facility Provider alone in an amount equal to all commitments then 
available for drawing under the Liquidity Facility from such Liquidity Facility Provider (“Standby Drawing”). On the 
making of a Standby Drawing, the Issuer (or the Cash Manager) and the Borrower shall immediately credit an amount 
equal to the Issuer’s and the Borrower’s pro rata share of such Liquidity Facility Provider’s all commitments then 
available for drawing under the Liquidity Facility from such Liquidity Facility Provider, calculated in accordance with 
the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, to the Issuer’s or the Borrower’s Liquidity Facility Standby Account.  
There is no obligation on any Liquidity Facility Provider to extend the Liquidity Facility.  
If a Liquidity Facility Provider does not agree to a further renewal in accordance with the terms of the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement, there will be a Standby Drawing of the entire available commitment of the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider which amount shall be immediately credited to the relevant Liquidity Facility Standby 
Account.

--- Page 223 ---
203 
  
Conditions to drawdown  
In addition to the satisfaction of certain other conditions, all utilisations of the Liquidity Facility by the Issuer 
or the Borrower are subject to, on the proposed drawdown date:  
(a) 
there being no event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement then continuing in relation to 
the Issuer or the Borrower (as applicable);  
(b) 
in relation to a proposed drawdown by the Issuer only, an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall having occurred 
and is then continuing and the amount of the proposed drawdown by the Issuer is no greater than the 
amount of such Issuer Liquidity Shortfall; and  
(c) 
in relation to a proposed drawdown by the Borrower, a Borrower Liquidity Shortfall having occurred 
and is then continuing and the amount of the proposed drawdown by the Borrower is no greater than 
the amount of such Borrower Liquidity Shortfall.  
Interest periods  
The interest period on any drawing under the Liquidity Facility is six months, or such lesser period in the case 
of any Interest Period which would otherwise overrun the then Scheduled LF Termination Date, provided that each such 
period shall end on or prior to (but exclude) the interest payment date in respect of the Liquidity Facility Agreement 
immediately following the start date of such period, notwithstanding that such period may be less than one or more 
completed months.  
Redrawing  
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that the amounts drawn by the Issuer and the Borrower (as 
applicable) and repaid to the Liquidity Facility Providers may be redrawn subject to the terms of the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement.  
Ratings requirement and standby drawings  
Each Liquidity Facility Provider must be a bank or financial institution whose long term unsecured debt 
obligations being rated by the Rating Agency at least BBB- or such lower rating as may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Borrower, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Rating Agency provided that any such 
lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing on “credit watch negative” (or equivalent) of 
the then current rating of the Class A Notes (the “Requisite Rating”).  
The Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if either (a) at any time any Liquidity Facility Provider ceases 
to have the Requisite Rating; or (b) any Liquidity Facility Provider refuses to grant an extension of the term of the 
liquidity facility (as described in “—Renewals” above), then the Issuer and the Borrower shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to within 60 days replace any Liquidity Facility Provider with, or enter into a New Liquidity Facility 
Agreement on terms substantially similar to the Liquidity Facility Agreement through, a new third party bank which has 
the Requisite Rating. If the Issuer and the Borrower are unable to replace any Liquidity Facility Provider or enter into a 
New Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer and the 
Borrower shall serve a drawdown notice on the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider requesting a Standby Drawing. On 
the making of a Standby Drawing, the Issuer (or the Cash Manager) and the Borrower shall immediately credit an 
amount equal to the Issuer’s and the Borrower’s pro rata share of such Liquidity Facility Provider’s all commitments 
then available for drawing under the Liquidity Facility from such Liquidity Facility Provider, calculated in accordance 
with the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement, to the Issuer’s or the Borrower’s Liquidity Facility Standby 
Account.  
Margin  
The margin applicable to any drawing under the Liquidity Facility is 4.00% per annum. The margin is subject 
to a step-up of 0.50% per annum on each interest payment date in respect of the Liquidity Facility Agreement falling on 
or after the drawdown date in respect of such drawing until the date on which that drawing is repaid in full, save that, 
where a Standby Drawing has been made in respect of which the step-up margin has started to accrue, and then a 
drawing is made from the Liquidity Facility Standby Account which is funded by such Standby Drawing, the margin 
applicable to such drawing shall be increased by any further step-up margin which accrues in respect of such drawing 
with effect from the first interest payment date in respect of the Liquidity Facility following the date of its drawdown. If 
the Issuer or the Borrower (as applicable) has insufficient amounts available to it to pay the amount of any step-up 
margin on its due date, such amount will be deferred and only become payable on future interest payment dates in 
respect of the Liquidity Facility only if and to the extent that amounts are available to the Issuer or the Borrower (as 
applicable) on such interest payment date to make such payment in whole or in part. Any such non-payment of the step-

--- Page 224 ---
204 
  
up margin will not constitute an event of default under the Liquidity Facility Agreement unless and until the Issuer or 
the Borrower (as the case may be) has sufficient amounts available to it to pay the unpaid step-up amounts on any 
scheduled interest payment date and the Issuer or the Borrower (as the case may be) does not make such payment.  
Default interest  
If the Issuer or the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it in accordance with the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual 
payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which is 1.00% higher than the rate which would have been payable 
if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted a drawing under the Liquidity Facility.  
Governing Law  
The Liquidity Facility Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by English law.  
Borrower Hedging Agreements 
The Borrower may enter into various interest rate and currency swap transactions with the Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties in conformity with the Hedging Policy (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Hedging Policy”). 
Issuer Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into various interest rate and currency swap transactions with the Issuer Hedge 
Counterparties in conformity with the Hedging Policy (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement—Hedging Policy”). The Issuer does not currently have any hedging transactions in place.

--- Page 225 ---
205 
  
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER CLASS A TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Class A Note Trust Deed 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee entered into the Class A Note Trust Deed pursuant to 
which the Class A Notes are constituted. The Class A Note Trust Deed includes the form of the Class A Notes and 
contains a covenant from the Issuer to the Class A Notes Trustee to pay all amounts due under the Class A Notes. The 
Class A Note Trustee holds the benefit of that covenant on trust for itself and the Class A Noteholders in accordance 
with their respective interests. 
Enforcement 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document, the Issuer Security shall 
only become enforceable upon the delivery of an Issuer Security Enforcement Notice in accordance with the Issuer 
Deed of Charge. Only the Class A Note Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Class A Notes or the Class A Note 
Trust Deed and no Class A Noteholder, Class A Receiptholder or Class A Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer unless the Class A Note Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
Waiver of a Class A Note Event of Default 
The Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders, the Class A Couponholders or any other Issuer Secured Creditor at any time (but only if and so far as in 
its opinion the interests of the Class A Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby (where “materially 
prejudiced” means that such waiver, authorisation or determination would have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for 
payment therefor)) determine that any event which would otherwise constitute a Class A Note Event of Default or 
Potential Class A Note Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed 
provided that the Class A Note Trustee shall not exercise such powers in contravention of any express direction given 
by Class A Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders or of a request in writing made by Class A 
Noteholders of not less than 25% in aggregate of the principal amount of the Class A Notes then outstanding, but no 
such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation previously given or made or so as to authorise or waive 
any such proposed breach or breach relating to any Class A Basic Terms Modification. 
Modification 
The Class A Note Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the Class A Noteholders, Class A 
Receiptholders or Class A Couponholders and without the consent of the other Issuer Secured Creditors (other than any 
Issuer Secured Creditor which is party to the relevant documents), at any time and from time to time concur with the 
Issuer and any other person, or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer or any other person, in 
making any modification to: 
(a) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the 
Class A Coupons and/or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than a Class A Basic 
Terms Modification) (subject as provided in the STID in relation to any Common Documents and as 
provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to any Issuer Common Document) or other document 
to which it is party or in respect of which it holds security provided that the Class A Note Trustee is of 
the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders (where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification would have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the 
Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) and provided further that if any such 
modification relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured 
Creditors has given its prior written consent or, where any Class A Noteholders are affected Issuer 
Secured Creditors, the holders of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes affected thereby have sanctioned 
such modification in accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed; or 
(b) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the 
Class A Coupons or the other the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (subject as provided in the 
STID in relation to any Common Documents and as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation 
to any Issuer Common Document) or other documents to which it is a party or in respect of which it 
holds security which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, of a formal, minor, administrative

--- Page 226 ---
206 
  
or technical nature, to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note 
Trustee, proven. 
The Class A Note Trust Deed provides that in connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, 
authorities or discretions under the Class A Note Trust Deed (including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination or substitution) or any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document the Class A Note 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Class A Noteholders. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be authorised by each Class A Noteholder, to execute and deliver on its behalf 
all documentation required to implement, or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to implement any waivers, authorisation, 
modifications or consents which have been granted by the Class A Note Trustee in respect of the Class A Note Trust 
Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons and/or any Issuer Class A 
Transaction Document or any Common Document ((other than a Class A Basic Terms Modification) subject as 
provided in the STID in relation to any Common Document) and the Issuer Deed of Charge or other document to which 
it is a party or in respect of which the Issuer Security Trustee holds security. Such execution and delivery shall bind 
each Class A Noteholder as if such documentation had been duly executed by it. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be empowered by the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed to make 
appropriate amendments to the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (including instructing the Issuer Security Trustee 
in respect of the Issuer Common Documents) to reflect the appointment by the Issuer of a second rating agency to 
provide a rating in respect of the Class A Notes. 
Action, proceedings and indemnification 
The Class A Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any actions, proceedings, or steps in relation to the Class 
A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons, any other Issuer Class A Transaction Document or the Class A 
Note Trust Deed unless respectively directed or requested to do so (i) by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) in 
writing by the Class A Noteholders together holding or representing at least 25% or more of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, and in either case then indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction against Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by doing so. 
Subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge, only the Class A Note Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Class A 
Note Trust Deed or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents to which it is party. 
Issuer representations 
The Issuer will make representations (subject to detailed carve-outs, exceptions and qualifications set forth in 
the Class A Note Trust Deed) in the Class A Note Trust Deed as at the date of the Class A Note Trust Deed and at each 
Issue Date, including as to: 
(a) 
its corporate status, power and authority and certain other legal matters; 
(b) 
the enforceability of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(c) 
the legality and validity of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
non-conflict with the documents binding on it, its constitutional documents, licences and laws; 
(e) 
no existing Class A Note Event of Default or Potential Class A Note Event of Default; 
(f) 
consents, licences, authorisations and approvals are obtained and complied with; 
(g) 
no current litigation relating to or involving the Issuer; 
(h) 
no Security Interest on any of its present or future revenues or assets other than pursuant to the Issuer 
Deed of Charge; 
(i) 
no winding up or insolvency event in relation to it; and 
(j) 
the legality, validity, enforceability and binding nature of the Issuer Security. 
Issuer covenants 
The covenants given by the Issuer in the Class A Note Trust Deed (subject to detailed carve-outs, exceptions 
and qualifications) include the following:

--- Page 227 ---
207 
  
(a) 
maintain at all times at least one independent director who is not otherwise affiliated with the Holdco 
Group or the Sponsors; 
(b) 
conduct its business in accordance with its obligations under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(c) 
so far as permitted by applicable law and subject to any binding confidentiality restrictions give the 
Class A Note Trustee such documents needed to discharge or exercise its powers under the Class A 
Note Trust Deed or by operation of law; 
(d) 
ensure compliance with accounting requirements as set forth by the relevant Stock Exchange; 
(e) 
keep proper books of account and allow the Class A Note Trustee free access to such books of account; 
(f) 
at all times maintain separate books, records and accounts; 
(g) 
not commingle its assets with the assets of any other entities; 
(h) 
use its own stationery, invoice and cheques; 
(i) 
not grant, create or permit to subsist any Security Interests (unless by operation of law) over its assets 
other than pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
(j) 
not to have any Subsidiaries or any employees or premises; 
(k) 
not to acquire any leasehold, freehold or heritable property; 
(l) 
not dispose of assets save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(m) 
not merge or legally consolidate save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(n) 
not to incur any financial indebtedness save as permitted by the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents; 
(o) 
not to pay any dividend or make any distributions to its shareholders save as permitted by the Issuer 
Class A Transaction Documents; 
(p) 
subject to the Reservations not to permit any of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents to become 
invalid; 
(q) 
execute and perform such acts necessary in order for the Class A Note Trustee to discharge its functions 
under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(r) 
procure the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Registrar notify the Class A Note Trustee 
in the event they do not receive payment of the full amount due on all Class A Notes, Class A Receipts 
or Class A Coupons; 
(s) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus indicate that the Class A Notes are to be listed on 
a relevant Stock Exchange, maintain the quotation or listing on the relevant Stock Exchange of those 
of the Class A Notes; 
(t) 
send to the Class A Note Trustee and obtain its approval, prior to the date on which any such notice is 
to be given, the form of every notice to be given to the Class A Noteholders; 
(u) 
notify the Class A Note Trustee if payments by the Issuer become subject to withholding; 
(v) 
deliver to the Class A Note Trustee a certificate setting out the total number and aggregate nominal 
amount of the Class A Notes which up to and including the date of such certificate have been purchased 
by the Issuer, the Borrower, or any other member of the Holdco Group and cancelled; 
(w) 
give notice to the Class A Note Trustee of any proposed redemption of the Class A Notes; 
(x) 
minimise Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its payment obligations in respect of the 
Class A Notes; 
(y) 
maintain its registered office in Jersey and its COMI/tax residence in the UK; 
(z) 
give notice to the Class A Note Trustee of the occurrence of any Class A Note Event of Default or 
Potential Class A Note Event of Default; and

--- Page 228 ---
208 
  
(aa) 
unless Holdco has confirmed to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee that it is no longer required 
under the CTA to ensure that any amounts of principal or interest payable under any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility are only payable on 31 January and 31 July in each Financial Year, the Issuer shall not 
agree with any relevant Dealer to issue any Class A Notes unless the Class A Note Interest Payment 
Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus are January 31 and July 31 in each 
year. 
Issuer Deed of Charge 
General 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into the Issuer Deed of Charge (as amended on 13 April 2015) with the 
Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note 
Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class B Noteholders, the Initial Liquidity Facility Providers, the Liquidity Facility 
Agent, the Issuer Account Bank, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank, 
the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider, the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider, the 
Class A Transfer Agent, the Class A U.S. Paying Agent, the Class A Exchange Agent, any receiver and any other 
creditor of the Issuer which accedes to the Issuer Deed of Charge (together, the “Issuer Secured Creditors”). 
Issuer Security 
Pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer has secured its obligations to the Issuer Secured Creditors by 
granting the following security (the “Issuer Security”): 
(a) 
an assignment by the Issuer by way of first fixed security of its right title and interest and benefit, 
present and future, into and under the Issuer Charged Documents; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts and all interest paid or payable in relation to those amounts 
and all debts represented by those amounts; 
(c) 
a first fixed charge of all its rights in respect of each Cash Equivalent Investment of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the Issuer’s assets (other than its rights in respect of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Agreement) (including, without limitation, its uncalled capital), other than 
any assets at any time otherwise effectively charged or assigned by way of fixed charge or assignment 
under the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
The Issuer Security is held on trust by the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors in accordance with, and subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
Restrictions on the exercise of rights 
The Issuer Deed of Charge contains certain restrictions on the Issuer Secured Creditors on the exercise of their 
rights. These include that, each of the Issuer Secured Creditors (other than, in the case of item (c) below, each Note 
Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee) agrees with the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee that (a) only the Issuer 
Security Trustee may enforce the Issuer Security in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge; (b) it will 
not take any steps or proceedings to procure the winding up, administration or liquidation of the Issuer; and (c) it will 
not take any other steps or action against the Issuer or in relation to the Issuer Secured Property for the purpose of 
recovering any of the secured liabilities or enforcing any rights arising out of the Issuer Transaction Documents against 
the Issuer or take any other proceedings in respect of or concerning the Issuer or the Issuer Secured Property. 
Furthermore, each of the Issuer Secured Creditors agrees that all obligations of the Issuer to each Issuer 
Secured Creditor are limited in recourse to the property, assets, rights and undertakings of the Issuer that are subject to 
the Security Interests created in or pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge (the “Issuer Secured Property”). If (a) there 
is no Issuer Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted into cash; (b) all 
amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the relevant obligations in 
accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge; and (c) there are insufficient amounts available from the 
Issuer Secured Property to pay in full the secured liabilities, then the Issuer Secured Creditors shall have no further 
claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid and such unpaid amounts shall 
be deemed to be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
Priority of payments upon acceleration 
Except in certain specified circumstances, the Issuer Cash Manager (or any substitute cash manager appointed 
by the Issuer Security Trustee to act on its behalf) shall (to the extent that such funds are available) apply all moneys

--- Page 229 ---
209 
  
received by the Issuer Security Trustee (or any Receiver appointed hereunder) following the service of a Note 
Acceleration Notice, other than amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account (which 
are to be paid directly and only to the Liquidity Facility Provider in accordance with the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Agreement), in accordance with the following Issuer priority of payments (the “Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments”) including in each case any amount of or in respect of VAT payable thereon: 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable in respect of: 
(i) 
the fees and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the Issuer Security 
Trustee, Class A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee and other appointees (if any), other 
than a Receiver appointed under paragraph (a)(ii) below, appointed by any of them under the 
Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed 
respectively and any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by any of the Issuer 
Security Trustee, Class A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee under the Issuer Deed of 
Charge, the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed respectively and any 
other amounts payable (other than amounts payable under the Class A Notes or the Class B 
Notes) to the Issuer Security Trustee, Class A Note Trustee and Class B Note Trustee under 
the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class B Note Trust Deed 
respectively, together with interest thereon as provided for therein; and 
(ii) 
the fees and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the Receiver and 
any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Receiver under the Issuer Deed of 
Charge, together with interest thereon as provided for therein; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts due and payable by the Issuer 
in respect of: 
(i) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(ii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Jersey Corporate Services Provider under the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Paying 
Agents incurred under the Agency Agreements; 
(iv) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer 
Account Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; and 
(v) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Cash Manager incurred 
under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction of payment of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other 
remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and 
the Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable by the Issuer to each such Liquidity Facility Provider and 
the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than any Subordinated 
Liquidity Amounts payable by the Issuer); 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest due and payable 
under the Class A Notes; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal and any Additional Class A Note Amounts due and payable under the 
Class A Notes; and 
(ii) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to 
rights of “Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest, principal and any 
Additional Class B Note Amounts due and payable under the Class B Notes; and 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata of:

--- Page 230 ---
210 
  
(i) 
all Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Issuer Subordinated Hedge Amounts due and payable under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
and 
(h) 
eighth, after retaining the Issuer Profit Amount, any remaining amount to the Borrower by way of rebate 
of the Facility Fees pursuant to the terms of the IBLAs or to any other party entitled thereto. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
The Issuer Security Trustee will be bound to enforce the Issuer Security by delivering an Issuer Security 
Enforcement Notice to the Issuer if directed to do so by Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors holding at least 25 per cent. 
of the aggregate Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt then outstanding (including, in the case of the Class A Notes, the 
Class A Note Trustee acting on the directions of the holders of the Class A Notes) subject to the Issuer Security Trustee 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in relation to any liability. 
With immediate effect from the time when the Issuer Security Trustee gives an Issuer Security Enforcement 
Notice to the Issuer, the whole of the Issuer Security shall become enforceable.  
Modification, Authorisation, Waiver and Consent – Issuer Common Documents 
Subject to the Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Rights, the Issuer Security Trustee shall concur with the 
Issuer or any other person in making any modification to any Issuer Common Document or giving any authorisation, 
waiver or consent to breach of, or matter or thing related to, any Issuer Common Document only if so directed in 
writing by: 
(a) 
if there are Class A Notes outstanding, the Class A Note Trustee in accordance with the Class A Note 
Trust Deed or on the direction of a Class A Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(b) 
if there are no Class A Notes outstanding, the Class B Note Trustee in accordance with the Class B 
Note Trust Deed or on the direction of a Class B Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any modification, authorisation, waiver, consent or approval provided by the Issuer Security Trustee in 
accordance with the paragraph above will be binding on all of the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Modification, Waiver and Consent – Class B conditions 
Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Class B Noteholders can make amendments, modifications 
or waivers to the Class B Conditions without obtaining the approval of the Class A Noteholders. 
Class B Call Option 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition thereof occurs: 
(a) 
any one or more of the Class B Noteholders shall be entitled, pursuant to the Class B Call Option, to 
purchase all (but not some only) of (x) the Sub-Class of Class A Notes which have not been paid on 
their Expected Maturity Date at a price equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) any other Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility (other than a Class A IBLA) which is due to mature on such Expected 
Maturity Date at a price equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon, in each case, within the Class B Call Option 
Period, subject to the terms set out below; provided that, in the case of (y) above, each Class B 
Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A Authorised Credit Facility certifies 
to the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option 
that it is not, and, following exercise of the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the 
Borrower for the purposes of section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; and 
(b) 
the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) may: 
(i) 
surrender such Class A Notes to the Issuer for cancellation (and a corresponding amount of 
the Class A IBLA Advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Note will be treated as prepaid) (or enter into an alternative arrangement 
which achieves the same commercial objective) and surrender and cancel any amount 
outstanding under any purchased Class A Authorised Credit Facility (or enter into an 
alternative arrangement which achieves the same commercial objective); provided that in each

--- Page 231 ---
211 
  
case, the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) shall provide a tax opinion from reputable tax counsel 
addressed to (x) the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Borrower 
and the Obligor Security Trustee in the case of the surrender of the Class A Notes and the 
deemed prepayment of the corresponding Class A IBLA and (y) the Borrower and the Obligor 
Security Trustee, in the case of any cancellation of amounts outstanding under any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility, to confirm that the surrender and cancellation of the Class A Notes, 
the Class A IBLA and/or the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility or the entry into any 
alternative arrangements to achieve the same commercial objective, as the case may be, will 
not result in any adverse tax consequences for the Issuer or the Borrower, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
purchase all (but not some only) of any other Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding 
within the Class B Call Option Period and at a price equal to: 
(A) 
if the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes is specified in the Final Terms as a Fixed 
Rate Class A Note denominated in Sterling, an amount equal to the higher of (i) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes plus accrued but 
unpaid interest thereon and (ii) the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the 
Class A Note Trustee by a financial advisor appointed by the Issuer and approved in 
writing by the Class A Note Trustee) expressed as a percentage (and rounded, if 
necessary, to the third decimal place (0.0005 being rounded upwards)) at which the 
Gross Redemption Yield on the relevant class of Class A Notes on the Relevant Date 
is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at 3.00 p.m. (London time) plus 50 basis 
points on that date of the Relevant Treasury Stock on the basis of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the offered prices of the Relevant Treasury 
Stock quoted by the Reference Market Makers (on a dealing basis for settlement on 
the next following dealing day in London) at or about 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Relevant Date plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes and so that for purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A): “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
“Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (third edition published 16/03/2005); 
“Reference Market Makers” means three brokers and/or London gilt-edged market 
makers selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee; 
“Relevant Date” means the date which is the fifth business day in London prior to 
the date of purchase and “Relevant Treasury Stock” means such United Kingdom 
government stock as selected by the Issuer and as the Class A Note Trustee may 
approve, with the advice of three brokers and/or gilt-edged market makers or such 
other three persons operating in the gilt-edged market to be a benchmark gilt the 
maturity of which most closely matches the Expected Maturity Date of the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes as calculated by a financial advisor selected by the Issuer 
and approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee; and 
(B) 
if the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes is specified in the Final Terms as a Fixed 
Rate Class A Note denominated in euro, U.S. dollar or any other currency (other than 
Sterling), at a price equal to the Redemption Amount of such Class A Notes as 
determined in accordance with Class A Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) or 
as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be; and 
(C) 
[Reserved]. 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (b) of the definition thereof occurs, any one or 
more of the Class B Noteholders shall be entitled, pursuant to the Class B Call Option, to purchase all (but not some 
only) of (x) the Class A Notes then outstanding at a price equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other 
than a Class A IBLA) which is then outstanding, in each case, within the Class B Call Option Period and at a price 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility together with accrued but unpaid 
interest thereon, subject to the terms set out below provided that, in the case of (y) above, each Class B Noteholder that 
wishes to exercise its right to purchase any Class A Authorised Credit Facility certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor 
Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option that it is not, and, following exercise of the Class

--- Page 232 ---
212 
  
B Call Option, will not be, connected with the Borrower for the purposes of section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 
2009. 
Within one Business Day of the occurrence of a Class B Call Option Trigger Event, the Issuer must publish (or 
cause the Class B Principal Paying Agent to publish) a notice (a “Class B Call Option Notice”) to the Class B 
Noteholders in accordance with the Class B Conditions and on a regulatory information service (with a copy to the 
Class A Note Trustee and the Class B Note Trustee) detailing (A) the occurrence of the relevant Class B Call Option 
Trigger Event; (B) the right of the Class B Noteholders to exercise the Class B Call Option in accordance with the terms 
of the Class A Conditions, the Class B Conditions, the STID and the Issuer Deed of Charge; and (C) contact 
information for the Issuer and information as to the procedures for how the Class B Noteholders can, if they wish to 
exercise the Class B Call Option, do so (including, without limitation, procedures which must be complied with for the 
valid exercise of such option and appropriate instructions to be given to the Clearing Systems or otherwise as regards 
settlement). 
Within one Business Day of the end of the Class B Call Option Period, the Issuer shall notify (or cause to be 
notified) the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the 
Class B Noteholders and each Principal Paying Agent whether or not any Class B Noteholder has exercised its right to 
purchase the Class A Notes and any Class A Authorised Credit Facility. If any such Class B Noteholder or Class B 
Noteholders has or have elected to purchase the Class A Notes and any Class A Authorised Credit Facility then such 
notice must specify (A) the date of settlement (which must be not earlier than five Business Days and not later than 10 
Business Days after the notice has been given); and (B) the amount of the Class B Call Option purchase price to be paid 
on the settlement date. 
Where more than one Class B Noteholder notifies the Issuer that it wishes to exercise the Class B Call Option, 
each Class B Noteholder shall: 
(a) 
have the right to buy a proportionate principal amount of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes and a 
proportionate principal amount of the Class A Authorised Credit Facility relative to the principal 
amount of Class B Notes held by it when compared to the aggregate principal amount of Class B Notes 
held by Class B Noteholders providing such notification; and 
(b) 
be obliged to pay the relevant proportion of the relevant purchase price to, or for the account of, the 
Class A Noteholders or the Class A Authorised Credit Provider, as the case may be. 
Payment must be made (i) in respect of any purchase of Class A Notes, to the Class A Noteholders in freely 
transferable funds to their account maintained with the Clearing Systems unless otherwise agreed by the Class A 
Noteholders and (ii) in respect of any purchase of a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, to the Facility Agent in respect 
of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility in freely transferable funds unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Class 
A Authorised Credit Provider. Payment of the purchase price by all relevant Class B Noteholders will be a condition 
precedent to the obligation of any Class A Noteholders and Class A Authorised Credit Providers to transfer, or consent 
to the transfer, of the Class A Notes or the Class A Authorised Credit Facility held by them. For the avoidance of doubt, 
payment by the Class B Noteholders to the Class A Noteholders and/or the Facility Agent in respect of any Class A 
Authorised Credit Facility will not be made through the Class A Principal Paying Agent. 
“Class B Call Option Period” means the period commencing on the date of delivery of a Class B Call Option 
Notice (as further described above) and ending on the date expiring 30 days following such delivery. 
“Class B Call Option Trigger Event” means any of the following events: 
(a) 
prior to the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, or a Loan Acceleration Notice, either (i) 
the occurrence of an Expected Maturity Date with respect to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
outstanding at any time and such Sub-Class of Class A Notes is not redeemed in full on its Expected 
Maturity Date or (ii) the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date with respect to any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility and such Class Authorised Credit Facility is not repaid in full on its Final Maturity Date; 
or 
(b) 
the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice to the Issuer. 
Directions, Duties and Liabilities 
The Issuer Security Trustee will not be liable or responsible for any liabilities or inconvenience which may 
result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge, 
except where the Issuer Security Trustee has failed to show the degree of care and due diligence.

--- Page 233 ---
213 
  
The Issuer Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and constructed in accordance with English Law. 
Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement 
Intertrust Management Limited, which was appointed on 2 July 2013 (in such capacity, the “Issuer Corporate 
Officer Provider”) as corporate officer provider to the Issuer pursuant to a corporate officer agreement (the “Issuer 
Corporate Officer Agreement”), is a limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales (acting through its 
office at 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, EC3A 6AP, United Kingdom) and provides an independent director to the Issuer 
subject to and in accordance with the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement. 
The Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Class A Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the Class A Agency Agreement entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A U.S. Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class 
A Exchange Agent, the Class A Registrar and the Class A Note Trustee, provision is made for, amongst other things, 
payment of principal and interest in respect of the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may revoke the appointment of the Class A Principal Paying Agent upon not less than 45 days’ 
prior written notice to the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Note Trustee. The appointment of the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent will terminate immediately if the Class A Principal Paying Agent becomes incapable of 
performing its obligations or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency-related events. In addition, the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent may resign from its role under the Class A Agency Agreement upon not less than 90 days’ prior written 
notice to the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee. The termination of the appointment of the Class A Principal Paying 
Agent (whether by the Issuer or by resignation) shall not be effective unless upon the expiry of the relevant notice there 
is a successor in place. 
The Class A Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and will be construed in accordance with English law. 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement 
General 
The Issuer has appointed Automobile Association Developments Limited as the Issuer Cash Manager pursuant 
to the Issuer Cash Management Agreement dated 2 July 2013. Pursuant to the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the 
Issuer Cash Manager will undertake certain cash administration functions on behalf of the Issuer. 
Cash management functions 
As part of its duties under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer Cash Manager will, inter alia, 
(a) operate the Issuer Accounts and effect payments to and from the Issuer Accounts in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Issuer Transaction Documents provided that such moneys are at the relevant time available to the Issuer, 
(b) invest funds not immediately required by the Issuer in Cash Equivalent Investments in accordance with the 
provisions of the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, (c) make determinations and perform certain obligations on 
behalf of the Issuer as set out in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Liquidity Facility Agreement including 
directing the Issuer to make drawings (or making drawings on behalf of the Issuer) under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, and (d) carry out treasury management functions including the arrangement of Treasury Transactions in 
line with the Hedging Policy. 
Liquidity facility 
Allowing sufficient time to deliver any relevant drawdown notice under the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the 
Issuer Cash Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Issuer Liquidity Shortfall on the relevant Class A 
Note Interest Payment Date after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Issuer Debt Service 
Reserve Account which will be available to the Issuer on the next Class A Note Interest Payment Date. Any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account (if any) will be applied to decrease the amount which 
would otherwise constitute an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall by applying such amount towards payment of items 1 to 6 
(inclusive) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments (excluding any final payment on any Final Maturity Date 
and any termination payments and all other unscheduled amounts payable to any Issuer Hedge Counterparty and any 
Additional Class A Note Amounts). The Issuer, or the Issuer Cash Manager on its behalf, will issue a notice of drawing 
to the facility agent under the Liquidity Facility Agreement to cover any such liquidity shortfall.

--- Page 234 ---
214 
  
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by a Note Trustee in accordance with Class A Condition 
10(b) (Delivery of Note Acceleration Notice) or Class B Condition 9 (Class B Note Events of Default), as the case may 
be, amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Transaction Accounts (subject to certain exceptions), will be applied by 
the Issuer Cash Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) in accordance with the following Issuer priority of payments (the 
“Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments”): 
1. 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Security Trustee 
and each Note Trustee under any Issuer Transaction Document. 
2. 
second, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of: 
(a) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Provider and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider incurred under the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Agreement and the Issuer Corporate Services Agreement respectively; 
(b) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity, payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Agents incurred 
under any Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Account 
Bank incurred under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(d) 
the fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and expenses of the Issuer Cash 
Manager (for so long as the Issuer Cash Manager is not a member of the Holdco Group); and 
(e) 
the fees, other remuneration, costs, charges and expenses of the Rating Agency. 
3. 
third in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata of: 
(a) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those 
creditors otherwise specifically provided for in this priority of payments), or to become due and payable 
to any third-party creditors of the Issuer (other than those creditors otherwise specifically provided for 
in this priority of payments) prior to the next Note Interest Payment Date, which amounts have been 
incurred without breach by the Issuer of the Issuer Transaction Documents to which it is a party (and 
for which payment has not been provided elsewhere in this priority of payments); 
(b) 
the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of the fees, other remuneration, indemnity 
payments, costs, charges and expenses of the stock exchange where the Class A Notes are listed (or any 
other listing authority) and the listing agent; 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; and 
(d) 
the amounts due and payable in respect of tax for which the Issuer is liable under the laws of any 
jurisdiction (other than corporation tax due and payable to HM Revenue & Customs in respect of the 
Issuer Profit Amount, which shall be met out of the Issuer Profit Amount). 
4. 
fourth, in or towards the satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer in 
respect of all amounts of interest, principal, fees, other remuneration, indemnity payments, costs, charges and 
expenses of each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent due and payable by the Issuer to 
each such Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under any Liquidity Facility Agreement 
(other than any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts payable by the Issuer). 
5. 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of 
(a) 
all amounts of interest due and payable under the Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments and final 
payments on cross-currency swaps) due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any 
Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
6. 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of 
(a) 
all termination payments (excluding Subordinated Hedge Amounts), any payments subject to rights of 
“Optional Early Termination” or “Mandatory Early Termination” (as defined in the 2006 ISDA

--- Page 235 ---
215 
  
Definitions or any replacement thereof), principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency 
swaps, or other unscheduled sums due and payable to each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer 
Hedging Agreement; and 
(b) 
all amounts of principal under the Class A Notes and all Additional Class A Note Amounts. 
7. 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of interest due and payable under the 
Class B Notes. 
8. 
eighth, in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of all amounts of principal and all other amounts due 
and payable under the Class B Notes. 
9. 
ninth, to the extent received from the Borrower under the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments in or 
towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata, of: 
(a) 
all Subordinated Liquidity Amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
all Subordinated Hedge Amounts payable to the Issuer Hedge Counterparties under any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement. 
10. 
tenth, any remaining amount pari passu by way of rebate of the ongoing Facility Fees under the terms of the 
IBLAs. 
Termination 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager (a) at any time with at least 30 days’ 
prior written notice and the consent of the Issuer Security Trustee, (b) if default is made by the Issuer Cash Manager in 
the performance or observance of any of its material covenants and material obligations under the Issuer Cash 
Management Agreement subject to the applicable grace period, (c) if any Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the 
Issuer Cash Manager and (d) if an Issuer Security Enforcement Notice is given and the Issuer Security Trustee is of the 
opinion that the continuation of the appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager is materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Subject to certain conditions (including that a suitable successor Issuer Cash Manager has been appointed), the 
Issuer Cash Manager is entitled to resign upon giving 30 days’ prior written notice of termination to the Issuer and the 
Issuer Security Trustee. 
Governing Law 
The Issuer Cash Management Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank Agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, the Issuer Security 
Trustee, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Account Bank will maintain the Issuer 
Transaction Account and any Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account or the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account 
opened with the Issuer Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement (together, the “Issuer 
Accounts”), all such accounts in the name of the Issuer, but subject to the control of the Issuer Security Trustee. 
If the Issuer Account Bank ceases to be an Acceptable Bank then the Issuer will be required to arrange for the 
transfer of such accounts to an Acceptable Bank on terms acceptable to the Issuer Security Trustee. 
The Issuer Account Bank Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by English law.

--- Page 236 ---
216 
  
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS 
The following summary of the material terms of the Class B3 Notes, the Topco Payment Undertaking and the 
Topco Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference 
to, the underlying documents. Capitalised terms used but not defined in this “Description of Other Indebtedness” 
section shall have the meanings given to them in the Class B3 IBLA or the section “Glossary”, as applicable. 
The Class B3 Notes 
On 29 January 2021, the Issuer issued £280,000,000 6.500%/6.000% Class B3 Secured Notes due 2050 (the 
“Class B3 Notes”). The proceeds of the issue of the Class B Notes were applied by the Issuer to make advances to the 
Borrower pursuant to the terms of the Class B3 IBLA (the “Class B3 IBLA”). Pursuant to the Class B3 IBLA, the 
Issuer provided to the Borrower a secured facility (the “Class B3 Loan”) which is contractually subordinated, among 
others, to the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility, any other 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility and certain hedging arrangements.  
The economic terms and conditions of the Class B3 IBLA (including, among other things, in relation to the 
payment of interest and the repayment and prepayment of principal) are broadly similar to the terms and conditions of 
the Class B3 Notes. 
The Class B3 Notes are constituted by the Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, rank equally among 
themselves, are contractually subordinated to, among others, the Class A Notes as to payment and rank junior to the 
Class A Notes with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect of the Topco Security. The 
Class B3 Loan is contractually subordinated to, among others, the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, the 
Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and certain hedging 
arrangements as to payment and ranks junior to the foregoing (as well as certain pension liabilities) with respect to the 
application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect of the Topco Security. 
Guarantors 
The Class B3 Notes are obligations of the Issuer only. The Class B3 Notes have not been guaranteed by any 
person, except that the Class B3 Notes have the indirect benefit of the Topco Payment Undertaking. See “—Topco 
Payment Undertaking”. The Class B3 Loan has been guaranteed by:  
 
Holdco;  
 
the Borrower;  
 
AA Acquisition Co Limited;  
 
AA Corporation Limited;  
 
TAAL; 
 
AADL;  
 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited;  
 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Holdings Limited;  
 
AA Financial Services Limited;   
 
DriveTech (UK) Limited; and 
 
Intelligent Data Systems (UK) Limited. 
All of the guarantors of the Class B3 Loan are also guarantors of the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, 
the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility, any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and certain hedging 
arrangements. 
Maturity 
The Class B3 Notes have an expected maturity date of 31 January 2026 using the proceeds received by the 
Issuer from the repayment by the Borrower of the Class B3 Loan on the Class B3 Loan Maturity Date. The Class B3 
Loan will mature on 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Loan Maturity Date”). If, on the Class B3 Loan Maturity Date, 
the Class B3 Loan remains outstanding, Topco will be required, under the terms of the Topco Payment Undertaking, to

--- Page 237 ---
217 
  
pay or procure payment to the Obligor Security Trustee of all principal, interest and other amounts outstanding under 
the Class B3 IBLA and any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility. In the event of any failure by Topco to pay or 
procure payment of such amounts on the Class B3 Loan Maturity Date, the Obligor Security Trustee (acting upon the 
instruction of Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Topco Secured Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 Notes) will have the right to enforce the Topco Security. 
See “—Topco Payment Undertaking; Topco Security Agreement” below. Unless previously redeemed in full, the Class 
B3 Notes will mature on 31 July 2050 (the “Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date”). 
Interest 
The Class B3 Notes accrue interest at a rate of 6.500% per annum from (and including) the Issue Date up to 
(but excluding) 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Note Adjustment Date”) and from (and including) the Class B3 Note 
Adjustment Date will accrue at a reduced rate of 6.000% per annum (each, as applicable, a “Class B3 Note Interest 
Rate”). The Class B3 Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6.500% per annum from (and including) the Issue Date up to 
(but excluding) 31 January 2026 (the “Class B3 Loan Adjustment Date”) and from (and including) the Class B3 Loan 
Adjustment Date will accrue at a reduced rate of 6.000% per annum (each, as applicable, a “Class B3 Loan Interest 
Rate”, and each Class B3 Note Interest Rate and Class B3 Loan Interest Rate, as applicable, an “Interest Rate”). 
Interest on the Class B3 Notes and the Class B3 Loan is payable semi-annually in each year on 31 January and 31 July, 
with the first payment date falling on 31 July 2021. If on any Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date the Issuer receives a 
payment of interest on the Class B3 Loan from the Borrower in accordance with the Class B3 IBLA, then the Issuer will 
be obliged to make a corresponding payment of interest on the Class B3 Notes on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment 
Date. If on any Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of a payment of 
interest on the Class B3 Loan is not sufficient to pay the interest accrued on the Class B3 Notes during the immediately 
preceding interest period in full, the amount of interest accrued up to any such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date 
that is not paid by the Issuer on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date will be deferred (any such accrued but 
deferred interest being a “Deferred Interest Amount”) and such Deferred Interest Amount shall continue to accrue 
interest at the then applicable Class B3 Note Interest Rate until it is paid by the Issuer in full.  
If on any Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date:  
(a) 
the Issuer receives a payment of interest on the Class B3 Loan from the Borrower in accordance with 
the Class B3 IBLA in excess of the amount of interest accrued on the Class B3 Notes during the 
immediately preceding interest period; and  
(b) 
on such Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date, a Deferred Interest Amount in respect of any prior 
interest period remains outstanding,  
then the Issuer shall apply such excess to reduce the then outstanding Deferred Interest Amount. Interest and 
the aggregate amount of all Deferred Interest Amounts then unpaid on the Class B3 Notes and any accrued but unpaid 
interest thereon shall be due and payable by the Issuer in pounds sterling on the Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date. 
If at any time a Trigger Event has occurred (including if the Class A FCF DSCR falls below 1.35x) or if the 
Class A IBLA corresponding to the Sub-Class A3 Notes is not repaid when due, then no payments (including payments 
of interest) may be made in respect of the Class B3 IBLA, and consequently the Class B3 Notes. See “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Trigger Events”. 
Security 
The Class B3 Notes share security with, among others, the Class A Notes, provided that the Class B3 Notes 
rank junior to the Class A Notes with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in respect of the 
Topco Security. The shared security package consists of first-ranking security granted by the Issuer in respect of 
substantially all its property, assets and undertaking, including its rights against each Obligor under the Class A IBLAs, 
the Class B3 IBLA, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer Corporate 
Officer Agreement, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement and the Agency Agreement and its rights in respect of its bank 
accounts and Cash Equivalent Investments. The Class B3 Notes will also have the indirect benefit of the Topco 
Security, as discussed below under “—Topco Payment Undertaking; Topco Security Agreement”.  
For a more detailed description of the security created pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge and the terms 
thereof, including the priorities of payments by the Issuer both prior and subsequent to the enforcement of the security 
thereunder, see “Summary of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents—Issuer Deed of Charge” and “Summary of the 
Common Documents— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed.” 
The Class B3 Loan shares security with, among others, the Class A IBLAs, the Senior Term Facility, the 
Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility and certain hedging arrangements and pension liabilities; provided that

--- Page 238 ---
218 
  
the Class B3 Loan ranks junior to the foregoing with respect to the application of enforcement proceeds, other than in 
respect of the Topco Security (which will be granted for the sole benefit of certain secured creditors of Topco, including 
for the indirect benefit of the holders of the Class B3 Notes). The shared security package consists of, among other 
things, first-ranking mortgages or fixed charges in respect of the English Obligors’ freehold and leasehold properties 
and fixed and floating charges over all other property, assets and undertaking of each English Obligor.  
For a more detailed description of the security created pursuant to the Obligor Security Agreement and the 
terms thereof, including the priorities of payments by the Borrower both prior and subsequent to the enforcement of the 
security thereunder, see “Summary of the Finance Documents—Obligor Security Agreement” and “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”. 
Redemption 
At any time on or after 31 January 2023, the Borrower may elect to prepay the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in 
part, at the applicable prepayment price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) of (a) 103.250%, if such 
prepayment occurs before 31 January 2024; (b) 101.625% if such prepayment occurs on or after 31 January 2024 but 
before 31 July 2025, and (c) 100.000% on or after  31 January 2025, in each case together with accrued and unpaid 
interest and any additional amounts payable in respect of deductions or withholding for taxes, on the Class B3 Loan 
prepaid. 
At any time prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may elect to prepay the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in part, 
at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Class B3 Loan prepaid, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest and additional amounts, if any, up to the prepayment date and a “make-whole” premium in respect of future 
payments of interest and principal through 31 January 2023, calculated using a discount rate based upon the yield to 
maturity of UK government securities with a comparable maturity, plus 50 basis points.  
In addition, prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may on one or more occasions use the net proceeds of 
specified equity offerings to prepay up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan, at a prepayment 
price equal to 106.500% of the principal amount of the Class B3 Loan prepaid, plus accrued and unpaid interest and 
additional amounts, if any, up to the prepayment date; provided that at least 50% of the original aggregate principal 
amount of the Class B3 Loan remains outstanding after the occurrence of such prepayment and the prepayment occurs 
within 180 days of such equity offering.  
In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to 31 January 2023, the Borrower may prepay up to 10% of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan (including any additional Class B3 Loan), upon not less than 10 
nor more than 60 days’ prior notice, during each twelve-month period beginning on the Issue Date at a redemption price 
of 103% of the aggregate principal amount of the Class B3 Loan to be prepaid, plus accrued and unpaid interest and 
additional amounts, if any, thereon, to, but not including, the applicable date of prepayment. 
The Class B3 Notes will be subject to mandatory redemption prior to the Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date if 
and to the extent the Borrower makes principal repayments or prepayments to the Issuer in respect of the Class B3 
Loan, either on a voluntary basis or following the enforcement of security. Any such redemption of the Class B3 Notes 
will be on the same terms and at the same prices (including any applicable premium) as for the Class B3 Loan. 
The Class B3 Loan may be prepaid at the option of the Borrower, in whole but not in part, at any time 
following certain changes in tax laws or other laws at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 
Class B3 Loan prepaid plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, provided certain conditions are 
satisfied, including that the Borrower has sufficient funds to make such prepayment.  
Mandatory Offers to Purchase upon Asset Sales and change of control  
The terms of the Class B3 IBLA require the Borrower to use the proceeds of certain asset sales to either invest 
in additional assets or repay certain other indebtedness, and if it does not, to use such proceeds within 540 days of such 
asset sale to make an offer to repurchase the Class B3 Notes at a repurchase price equal to at least 100% of their 
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of purchase.  
Upon certain events constituting a change of control, the Borrower may be required to make an offer to 
repurchase all the Class B3 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, up to the purchase date. In the event of any prepayment by the Borrower 
of the Class B3 Loan, in whole or in part, the Issuer will be required to apply the proceeds received from such 
prepayment to redeem a corresponding principal amount of Class B3 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and 
additional amounts, if any, at a redemption price corresponding to the applicable prepayment price set forth in the Class 
B3 IBLA. In addition, in connection with certain tender offers for all of the outstanding Class B3 Notes, including a 
Class B Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer (each as defined in the Class B IBLA), if holders of not less than

--- Page 239 ---
219 
  
90% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Class B3 Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such 
Class B3 Notes in such tender offer and the Issuer, or any third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuer, 
purchases all of the Class B3 Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, the Issuer or such third party 
may redeem all Class B3 Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase (and the Borrower shall prepay the 
Class B3 Loan to facilitate such redemption), in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to the purchase price 
offered to each other holder of the Class B3 Notes (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) pursuant to such tender 
offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but not 
including, the applicable redemption date. 
Withholding Tax on Class B3 Notes; Early Redemption for Tax or Other Reasons  
If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of a relevant 
tax jurisdiction will at any time be required to be made from any payments made with respect to the Class B3 Notes, 
including payments of principal, redemption price, purchase price, interest or premium, the Issuer will, subject to 
certain exceptions, be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction, such that the 
net amount received by the holders of the Class B3 Notes is not less than the amount they would have received in the 
absence of such withholding.  
The Class B3 Notes may be prepaid at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time following 
certain changes in tax laws or other laws at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount of 
the Class B3 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, Deferred Interest Amounts and accrued and unpaid interest thereon 
and additional amounts, if any, provided certain conditions are satisfied.  
Covenants 
The Class B3 IBLA limits, among other things, Topco and its restricted subsidiaries with respect to:  
 
the incurrence or guarantee of additional indebtedness;  
 
the payment of dividends or other distributions on, and the redemption or repurchase of, its equity;  
 
the making of certain restricted payments and investments;  
 
the creation of certain liens;  
 
the imposition of restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends and other 
payments to Topco or any Obligor;  
 
the transfer, lease, sale or other disposition of certain assets;  
 
the sale of assets or the merger, consolidation with or into other companies;  
 
the entry into certain transactions with affiliates; and  
 
the impairment of the security interest in the collateral granted for the benefit of the holders of the 
Class B3 Notes.  
Each of the above covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
Events of Default 
No event of default with respect to the Class B3 IBLA (a “Class B Loan Event of Default”) may occur while 
any amount remains outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (until after an acceleration of the 
amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, as applicable). In such circumstances, the 
occurrence of any of the events or circumstances which otherwise would constitute a Class B Loan Event of Default 
shall instead result in a share enforcement event under the Class B3 IBLA. 
Share Enforcement Events  
Each of the following will constitute a Share Enforcement Event under the Class B3 IBLA, among others:  
 
any default in the payment of interest or additional amounts, if any, on the Class B3 Loan (subject to 
a 30-day grace period);  
 
any amount remaining outstanding under the Class B3 IBLA as at the close of business on the Class 
B3 Loan Maturity Date;

--- Page 240 ---
220 
  
 
any failure to pay principal or premium on the Class B3 Loan upon any optional redemption, required 
repurchase or declaration;  
 
any failure to comply, after written notice, with the covenant in the Class B3 IBLA limiting the 
activities of Topco, Holdco, Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower (subject to a 30-day grace period);  
 
any failure to comply, after written notice, with certain other covenants under the Class B3 IBLA 
(subject to a 60-day grace period);  
 
default under any indebtedness that results from a failure to pay principal when due or results in 
acceleration of such indebtedness (subject to a £50 million threshold);  
 
certain bankruptcy events of default;  
 
certain judgment defaults (subject to a £50 million threshold and 60-day grace period);  
 
any impairment of the security interest granted in respect of material collateral (subject to a 20-
Business Day grace period); and  
 
any impairment of a guarantee (subject to a 10-day grace period).  
If a Share Enforcement Event occurs and is continuing, Topco Secured Creditors representing at least 30% of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Topco Secured Liabilities, including holders of the Class B3 Notes, 
will be able to enforce the Topco Security, subject to certain requirements being met. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of the Topco Security”.  
If at any time either (i) no amounts remain outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or (ii) an 
acceleration of the amounts outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility has occurred, each of the Share 
Enforcement Events will also constitute a Class B Loan Event of Default. 
Governing law  
The Class B3 Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed, the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, the 
Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed, the Class B3 IBLA, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Obligor Security 
Agreement, the Topco Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Agreement are governed by English law. 
Topco Payment Undertaking 
Pursuant to a deed of undertaking entered into on 2 July 2013 between Topco, the Holdco Group Agent and 
the Obligor Security Trustee (the “Topco Payment Undertaking”), Topco has undertaken to pay or procure payment 
to the Obligor Security Trustee, in the circumstances described therein (including upon occurrence of a Share 
Enforcement Event or a Class B Loan Event of Default), an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the then principal balance outstanding on the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility then outstanding; 
(b) 
any accrued but unpaid interest outstanding in respect of the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B 
Authorised Credit Facility; 
(c) 
any additional amounts payable in respect of deductions or withholding for taxes; and 
(d) 
all other amounts (including, without limitation, any premium and interest on overdue amounts) 
outstanding under the Class B3 Loan and any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility and any “Finance 
Documents” referred to in it, 
(each, a “Class B Payment Amount”), on the date specified in a Demand Notice served by the Obligor 
Security Trustee on Topco following the occurrence of a Share Enforcement Event or a Class B Loan Event of Default, 
provided that if a Share Enforcement Event or Class B Loan Event of Default relating to the non-payment of principal 
when due occurs, then the obligation to make such payment will arise without any requirement for the service of a 
demand notice. 
For these purposes: 
“Demand Notice” means a notice from the Obligor Security Trustee (on instruction from the Topco Secured 
Creditor in accordance with the STID) to Topco demanding the payment of the aggregate Class B Payment Amounts to 
a specified account in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Topco Payment Undertaking.

--- Page 241 ---
221 
  
Failure by Topco to pay the aggregate Class B Payment Amount will give the right to the Obligor Security 
Trustee (on instruction from the Topco Secured Creditors in accordance with the STID) to enforce the Topco Security, 
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the STID. The proceeds from the enforcement of the Topco 
Security must be applied in the most tax efficient manner at the relevant time, currently expected to be as a subscription 
of shares in Holdco (followed by a similar subscription of shares in Intermediate Holdco and the Borrower) where such 
subscription funds shall be used to prepay the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities. 
Topco is required to procure that the Borrower will then apply such amounts in payment and/or prepayment of 
amounts outstanding under the Class B Authorised Credit Facilities. (See “Summary of the Common Documents—
Security Trust Deed and Intercreditor Deed—Enforcement of the Topco Security” for a further description of the 
conditions to enforcement and voting regime.) 
The Obligor Security Trustee will apply all amounts received by it from the Borrower or, as the case may be, 
Topco, in accordance with the terms of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. Topco is required not to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim which it might have under the Topco Payment Undertaking. 
Topco’s obligations under the Topco Payment Undertaking is limited recourse to the Topco Security (as 
defined below) and if there is no Topco Security remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted 
into cash and all amounts available from the Topco Security have been applied to meet Topco’s obligations thereunder, 
then Topco’s obligations under the Topco Payment Undertaking will be deemed to be discharged in full. 
The Topco Payment Undertaking and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
will be governed by English law. 
Topco Security Agreement 
Under a security agreement (the “Topco Security Agreement”) entered into between Topco and the Obligor 
Security Trustee, Topco has granted first-ranking fixed security by way of legal mortgage (to take effect in equity 
pending the delivery of a Topco Enforcement Instruction) over the entire issued share capital of Holdco and by way of a 
fixed charge in respect of any loans from Topco to any of its subsidiaries (the “Topco Fixed Security”). In addition, 
Topco has granted a first floating charge over the whole of its undertaking and all of its property and, assets whatsoever 
and wheresoever situate, present and future, other than any property or assets effectively charged pursuant to the Topco 
Fixed Security (together with the Topco Fixed Security, the “Topco Security”). The Topco Security is continuing 
security for the payment discharge and performance of all of Topco’s present and future obligations and liabilities 
(whether actual or contingent) to any Topco Secured Creditor under the Topco Payment Undertaking and each other 
Topco Transaction Document. The Issuer has granted (in the Issuer Deed of Charge) security over its whole right, title, 
interest and benefit under the Topco Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Agreement to the Obligor Security 
Trustee for the benefit of the Topco Secured Creditors. 
The proceeds of enforcement are to be applied by the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the terms of the 
Topco Security Agreement in accordance with the terms of the STID and, in respect of amounts received by the Issuer 
pursuant to the STID, by the Issuer Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge.

--- Page 242 ---
222 
  
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from each issue of Class A Notes under the Programme will be on-lent to the Borrower under the 
terms of a Class A IBLA. The Borrower will apply the proceeds of the Class A IBLA Advances under the Class A 
IBLAs: 
 
to refinance existing indebtedness; and 
 
for general corporate purposes and as permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 243 ---
223 
  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
References herein to the Class A Notes shall be references to the Sub-Class of the Class A Notes and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to a Class A Global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Class A Global Note; 
(c) 
any Class A Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Class A Global Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
Class A Registered Notes (whether or not issued in definitive form and whether or not in exchange for 
a Class A Global Note in registered form). 
AA Bond Co Limited (the “Issuer”) has established a Note programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance 
of Class A Notes (the “Class A Notes”). Class A Notes issued under the Programme on a particular Issue Date 
comprise a Sub-Class of the Class A Notes (each, a “Sub-Class”) in an aggregate nominal amount from time to time 
outstanding not exceeding the Programme Limit. 
Each Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be denominated in different currencies or have different interest rates, 
maturity dates or other terms. Each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes will be fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Class A Notes”) 
and may be denominated in sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or in other currencies subject to compliance with applicable law 
or regulation. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Class A Notes are these terms and conditions (the “Class A 
Conditions”) as may be completed by (a) Part A of a set of final terms in relation to each Sub-Class of the Class A 
Notes (“Final Terms”) or (b) a prospectus relating to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes (a “Drawdown Prospectus”). In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Class A Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall prevail. 
The Class A Notes have been constituted by a note trust deed dated 2 July 2013 (as supplemented by a First 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 April 2014 and a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 
16 November 2016, and as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to time, the 
“Class A Note Trust Deed”), between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee for the Class A 
Noteholders (as defined below) (the “Class A Note Trustee”, which expression includes the trustee or trustees for the 
time being of the Class A Note Trust Deed). 
The Class A Notes have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Class A Agency Agreement”) dated 2 July 2013 (to which, 
among others, the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent and the other Class A Paying 
Agents or the Class A Transfer Agents and the Class A Registrar are party). As used herein, each of “Class A Principal 
Paying Agent”, “Class A Paying Agents”, “Class A Agent Bank”, “Class A Transfer Agent” and/or “Class A 
Registrar” means, in relation to the Class A Notes, the persons specified in the Class A Agency Agreement as the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent, Class A Paying Agents, Class A Agent Bank, Class A Transfer Agents and/or Class A 
Registrar, respectively, and, in each case, any successor to such person in such capacity. “Agents” shall mean the Class 
A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Agent Bank, any Calculation 
Agent (as defined above) appointed thereunder and any additional Class A Paying Agents also appointed thereunder. 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a deed of charge (as amended on 13 April 2015, the “Issuer Deed of 
Charge”) with Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (in this capacity the “Issuer Security Trustee”) as security trustee, 
pursuant to which the Issuer grants certain fixed and floating charge security (the “Issuer Security”) to the Issuer 
Security Trustee for itself and the other Issuer Secured Creditors (as defined below), the Class A Note Trustee for itself 
and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Class B Noteholders, 
each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, each Liquidity Facility Provider, each Principal Paying Agent, each Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if any) each Transfer Agent, each Registrar, the Issuer Account Bank, the Class A Agent Bank, the 
Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider (each 
as defined below) (together the “Issuer Secured Creditors”). 
On 24 June 2013, the Issuer entered into a dealership agreement (the “Dealership Agreement”) with the 
dealers named therein (the “Dealers”) in respect of the Programme, pursuant to which any of the Dealers may enter into 
subscription agreements (each a “Subscription Agreement”) in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes issued by 
the Issuer, and pursuant to which the Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant Class A Notes. In any Subscription 
Agreement relating to a Sub-Class of Class A Notes, any of the Dealers may agree to procure subscribers to subscribe 
for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes.

--- Page 244 ---
224 
  
The Issuer entered into a liquidity facility agreement dated 26 February 2021 (the “Liquidity Facility 
Agreement”) with certain liquidity facility providers (each a “Liquidity Facility Provider” and together, the 
“Liquidity Facility Providers”) pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility Providers agree to make certain facilities 
available to meet liquidity shortfalls. 
The Issuer may enter into certain currency and interest rate hedging agreements (together, the “Issuer 
Hedging Agreements”) with certain hedge counterparties (together, the “Issuer Hedge Counterparties”) in respect of 
certain Sub-Classes of Class A Notes, pursuant to which the Issuer hedges certain of its currency and interest rate 
obligations. 
On 2 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a common terms agreement with amongst others, the Obligors and the 
Obligor Secured Creditors (the “CTA”) and a security trust and intercreditor deed between amongst others, the 
Obligors and the other Obligor Secured Creditors (the “STID”). 
The Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Notes (including the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus), the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Agency Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer 
Hedging Agreements, each Class A IBLA, the STID, the CTA, the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the master 
definitions agreement between, among others, the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee dated 2 July 2013 and amended 
and restated on 13 April 2015 and further amended and restated on 29 January 2021 (the “Master Definitions 
Agreement” or “MDA”), the account bank agreement between, among others, the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer and 
the Class A Note Trustee (the “Issuer Account Bank Agreement”), the Tax Deed of Covenant and any related 
document (each, if not defined above, as defined below) are, in relation to the Class A Notes, together referred to as the 
“Issuer Class A Transaction Documents”. 
In these Class A Conditions, words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural number also and 
vice versa. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in these Class A Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them 
in the MDA and these Class A Conditions shall be construed in accordance with the principles of construction set out in 
the MDA. 
Certain statements in these Class A Conditions are summaries of the detailed provisions appearing on the face 
of the Class A Notes (which expression shall include the body thereof), in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus or in the Class A Note Trust Deed, the STID, the CTA or the Issuer Deed of Charge. Copies of the Class A 
Note Trust Deed, STID, CTA, MDA and the Issuer Deed of Charge are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified offices of the Class A Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Class A Bearer Notes) or the 
specified offices of the Class A Transfer Agents and the Class A Registrar (in the case of Class A Registered Notes), 
save that, if the relevant Class A Note is an unlisted Sub-Class of any Class A Notes, the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus will only be obtainable by a Class A Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Class A Notes of 
that Sub-Class and such Class A Noteholder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as 
to its holding of such Class A Notes and identity. 
The Class A Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the STID, CTA and other Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents and the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and to have notice of those provisions of 
the Class A Agency Agreement and the other Class A Issuer Transaction Documents applicable to them. In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Class A Conditions and the terms set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed, the STID, 
the Issuer Deed of Charge and the CTA, the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed, the STID, the Issuer Deed of Charge 
or the CTA (as the case may be) shall prevail. 
Any reference in these conditions to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Class A Notes are in bearer form (“Class A Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Class A Registered 
Notes”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and, in the case of Class A Definitive 
Notes, serially numbered in the Specified Denomination(s) provided that in the case of any Class A Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be £100,000, €100,000, U.S.$200,000 or not less 
than the equivalent of €100,000 in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Class A Notes (or such other 
amount required by applicable law from time to time as stated in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) 
and in the case of the Class A Notes in respect of which the publication of a prospectus is not required under the

--- Page 245 ---
225 
  
Prospectus Regulation the minimum Specified Denomination shall not be less than that required by applicable law as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Class A Notes may be issued in such denomination and 
higher integral multiples of a smaller amount if specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Class 
A Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Class A Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Class A Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Class A Bearer Notes. References in these Class A Conditions 
to “Class A Notes” include Class A Bearer Notes and Class A Registered Notes and all Sub-Classes of Class A Notes 
and Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
So long as the Class A Notes are represented by a temporary Class A Global Note or permanent Class A 
Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Class A Notes shall be tradable only in principal amounts 
of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination). 
The Class A Notes will be Fixed Rate Class A Notes. 
Interest bearing Class A Bearer Notes are issued with Class A Coupons (as defined below) (and, where 
appropriate, a Class A Talon (as defined below)) attached. After all the Class A Coupons attached to, or issued in 
respect of, any Class A Bearer Note which was issued with a Class A Talon have matured, a coupon sheet comprising 
further Class A Coupons (other than Class A Coupons which would be void) and (if necessary) one further Class A 
Talon will be issued against presentation of the relevant Class A Talon at the specified office of any Class A Paying 
Agent. Any Class A Bearer Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments may be issued with one or 
more Class A Receipts (as defined below) (and, where appropriate, a Class A Talon) attached thereto. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Class A Bearer Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons (if any) passes by 
delivery. Title to Class A Registered Notes passes by registration in the register (the “Class A Register”), which the 
Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Class A Registrar. 
In these Class A Conditions, subject as provided below, each reference to “Class A Noteholder” (in relation to 
a Class A Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon), “holder” and “Holder” means (i) in relation to a 
Class A Bearer Note, the bearer of any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon (as the 
case may be) and (ii) in relation to a Class A Registered Note, the person in whose name a Class A Registered Note is 
registered, as the case may be. The expressions “Class A Noteholder”, “holder” and “Holder” include the holders of 
instalment receipts (“Class A Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to 
such Class A Notes in bearer form (the “Class A Receiptholders”), the holders of the coupons (“Class A Coupons”) 
(if any) appertaining to interest bearing Class A Notes in bearer form (the “Class A Couponholders”), and the 
expression Class A Couponholders or Class A Receiptholders includes the holders of talons (“Class A Talons”) in 
relation to Class A Coupons or Class A Receipts as applicable. 
The bearer of any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon and the registered 
holder of any Class A Registered Note will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing 
on the relevant Class A Note, or its theft or loss or any express or constructive notice of any claim by any other person 
of any interest therein other than, in the case of a Class A Registered Note, a duly executed transfer of such Class A 
Note in the form endorsed on the Class A Note in respect thereof) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
Class A Notes which are represented by a Class A Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of The Depository Trust Company, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
(c) 
Further Class A Notes 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders or 
Class A Couponholders, create and issue further Class A Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest). Accordingly, a Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes may comprise a number of tranches in addition to the initial tranche of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
Such further tranches of the same Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be consolidated and form a single Sub-Class with the 
prior issues of that Sub-Class of Class A Notes.

--- Page 246 ---
226 
  
2. 
Exchanges of Class A Bearer Notes for Class A Registered Notes and Transfers of Class A Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Class A Notes 
Subject to Class A Condition 2(e) (“—Closed Periods”), Class A Bearer Notes may, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be exchanged at the expense of the transferor Class A Noteholder for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Class A Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Class A 
Noteholder and upon surrender of the Class A Bearer Note to be exchanged together with all unmatured Class A 
Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons (if any) relating to it at the specified office of the Class A Registrar or 
any Class A Transfer Agent or Class A Paying Agent. Where, however, a Class A Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined below) for any payment of interest or Class A Note Interest Amount (as 
defined below), the Class A Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Class A Note Interest Amount need not be 
surrendered with it. Class A Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Class A Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Class A Registered Notes 
A Class A Registered Note may be transferred upon the surrender of the relevant Class A Registered 
Definitive Note, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office 
of any Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar. However, a Class A Registered Note may not be transferred 
unless (i) the principal amount of Class A Registered Notes proposed to be transferred and (ii) the principal amount of 
the balance of Class A Registered Notes to be retained by the relevant transferor are, in each case, Specified 
Denominations. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Class A Registered Notes represented by a Class A 
Registered Definitive Note, a new Class A Registered Definitive Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be 
issued to the transferor within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the Class A Transfer Agent or 
the Class A Registrar) of receipt of such form of transfer. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Class A Registered Definitive Notes 
Each new Class A Registered Definitive Note to be issued upon exchange of Class A Bearer Notes or transfer 
of Class A Registered Notes will, within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the Class A Transfer 
Agent or the Class A Registrar) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at 
the specified office of the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar stipulated in the request for exchange or 
form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the Class A Noteholder entitled to the Class A Registered Definitive Note to 
such address as may be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. For these purposes, a form of transfer 
or request for exchange received by the Class A Registrar after the Record Date (as defined below) in respect of any 
payment due in respect of Class A Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Class A 
Registrar until the Business Day (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”) below) following the due date 
for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the Expense of Transferor Class A Noteholder 
Registration of Class A Notes on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the transferor Class A 
Noteholder by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar, and upon payment of (or 
the giving of such indemnity as the Class A Transfer Agent or the Class A Registrar may require in respect of) any Tax 
which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No transfer of a Class A Registered Note may be registered, nor may any exchange of a Class A Bearer Note 
for a Class A Registered Note occur during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal, 
interest, Class A Note Interest Amount (as defined below) or Redemption Amount (as defined below) on that Class A 
Note. 
(f) 
Regulations Concerning the Transfer of Class A Registered Notes 
All transfers of Class A Registered Notes and entries on the Class A Register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Class A Registered Notes scheduled to the Class A Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the 
Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
Class A Registrar to any Class A Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 247 ---
227 
  
3. 
Status of Class A Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Class A Notes 
The Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Talons and Class A Receipts (if any) are direct and (subject to 
Class A Condition 19 (“—Limited Recourse”) unconditional obligations of the Issuer, are secured in the manner 
described in Class A Condition 4 (“—Security, Priority and Relationship with the Issuer Secured Creditors”) and rank 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves. 
(b) 
Class A Note Trustee not responsible for monitoring compliance 
The Class A Note Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance by the Issuer with any of its 
obligations under the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents except by means of receipt of a certificate from the Issuer 
which will state, among other things, that no Class A Note Event of Default is outstanding. The Class A Note Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on such certificates absolutely. The Class A Note Trustee is not responsible for monitoring 
compliance by any of the parties with their respective obligations under the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents. The 
Class A Note Trustee may call for and is at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence a certificate signed by any one 
director of the Issuer, the Obligors (or any of them) or any other party to any Issuer Class A Transaction Document to 
the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is in the opinion of the persons so certifying suitable or 
expedient or as to any other fact or matter upon which the Class A Note Trustee may require to be satisfied. The Class 
A Note Trustee is in no way bound to call for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be occasioned by 
acting on any such certificate although the same may contain some error or is not authentic. The Class A Note Trustee 
is entitled to rely upon any certificate believed by it to be genuine and will not be liable for so acting. 
4. 
Security, Priority and Relationship with the Issuer Secured Creditors 
(a) 
Security 
As continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Issuer Secured Liabilities (including all moneys 
payable in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and otherwise under the Class A Note 
Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge (including the remuneration, expenses and other claims of the Class A Note 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and any Receiver appointed under the Issuer Deed of Charge), the Issuer has 
entered in to the Issuer Deed of Charge to create as far as permitted by and subject to compliance with any applicable 
law, the following security, (the “Issuer Security”) in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on trust for the 
other Issuer Secured Creditors: 
(i) 
an assignment by the Issuer by way of a first fixed security of its right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the Issuer Charged Documents; 
(ii) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts, and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts and charges over investments; 
(iii) 
a first fixed charge over all the rights of the Issuer in respect of all investments in Cash Equivalent 
Investments of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
a first floating charge over all the Issuer’s assets (other than its rights in respect of the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Agreement), including, without limitation, the Issuer’s uncalled capital other than 
any assets at the time otherwise effectively charged or assigned by way of the first fixed charge or 
assignment above, 
all as more particularly set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
All Class A Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme will, after the Class A Closing Date for such Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, share in the Issuer Security constituted by the Issuer Deed of Charge, upon and subject to the 
terms thereof. 
(b) 
Relationship among Class A Noteholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors 
The Class A Noteholders from time to time are Issuer Secured Creditors, provided that the holders of any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors until (but excluding) the Class A Closing Date in respect of 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. The Class A Note Trustee is an Issuer Secured Creditor on its own behalf and on 
behalf of the Class A Noteholders from time to time.

--- Page 248 ---
228 
  
The Class A Note Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Class A Note Trustee’s obligations to consider 
the interests of Class A Noteholders as regards all discretions of the Class A Note Trustee (except where expressly 
provided or otherwise referred to in Class A Condition 15 (“—Class A Note Trustee Protections”)). 
For so long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, prior to the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, 
the Issuer shall be required to apply all amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Transaction Account in accordance 
with the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and, following the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration 
Notice, the Issuer Post- Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
(c) 
Enforceable Security 
In the event of the Issuer Security becoming enforceable as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer 
Security Trustee shall, if instructed by the Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors (in accordance with the terms of the Issuer 
Deed of Charge) enforce its rights with respect to the Issuer Security, but without any liability as to the consequence of 
such action and without having regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any 
particular Issuer Secured Creditor, provided that the Issuer Security Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action 
unless it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
for which Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, until (but 
excluding) the Class A Closing Date for such Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the holders of such Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes will not be Issuer Secured Creditors or Class A Noteholders for purposes of any enforcement of the Issuer 
Security.  
(d) 
Application After Enforcement 
After enforcement of the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee shall (to the extent that such funds are 
available) use funds standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts and proceeds of the enforcement of the Issuer Security 
to make payments in accordance with the Issuer Post- Acceleration Priority of Payments (as set out in the Issuer Deed 
of Charge). 
(e) 
Issuer Security Trustee not liable for security 
The Issuer Security Trustee will not make, and will not be liable for any failure to make, any investigations in 
relation to the property which is the subject of the Issuer Security, and shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable for 
any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Issuer Security, whether such defect or failure was known to 
the Issuer Security Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of remedy 
or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability of the Issuer Security created under the Issuer Deed of Charge 
whether as a result of any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such 
Issuer Security or otherwise. The Issuer Security Trustee shall have no responsibility for the value of any such Issuer 
Security. 
5. 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Class A Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with the covenants 
as set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in 
relation to any matter relating to such covenants and to accept without liability any such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the relevant fact or matter stated in such certificate. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
Each Class A Note bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding as defined below from the Class A 
Interest Commencement Date (as defined below) at the Class A Interest Rate (as defined below), such interest being 
payable in arrear (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) on each Interest 
Payment Date (as defined below). 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Class A Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Class A 
Note, that part only of such Class A Note) on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the Class A Interest Rate that would otherwise apply in respect of unpaid amounts on such Class A Notes 
at such time to the Class A Note Relevant Date (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)).

--- Page 249 ---
229 
  
If any maximum rate of interest or minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, then the Class A Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Class A Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)), then if the business day convention 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
[Reserved] 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
This Class A Condition 6(d) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the 
Class A Notes as Fixed Rate Class A Notes. 
Subject to the next paragraph, the Class A Interest Rate applicable to the Class A Notes for each Class A Note 
Interest Period will be the Class A Initial Interest Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
If a Class A Revised Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the Class 
A Interest Rate applicable to the Class A Notes for each Class A Note Interest Period from (and including) the Expected 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Final Maturity Date will be such Class A Revised Interest Rate. 
(e) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Class A Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up). For these purposes, “unit” means, with respect to any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Class A Note for each Class A Note Interest Period shall be 
calculated by applying the Class A Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Class A Note divided by the Calculation Amount (as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)) unless a Class 
A Note Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, in 
which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Class A Note for such Class A Note Interest Period will 
equal such Class A Note Interest Amount.

--- Page 250 ---
230 
  
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Class A Interest Rates, Class A Note Interest Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Class A Interest Determination Date or such other time 
on such date as the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) may be required to calculate any 
Redemption Amount or the amount of an instalment of scheduled principal (an “Instalment Amount”), obtain any 
quote or make any determination or calculation, the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will 
determine the Class A Interest Rate and calculate the amount of interest payable (the “Class A Note Interest 
Amounts”) in respect of each Specified Denomination of Class A Notes for the relevant Class A Note Interest Period, 
calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Class A Interest Rate and the Class A Note Interest Amounts for each Class A Note 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount, 
Principal Amount Outstanding or any Instalment Amount to be notified to, in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, the 
Class A Paying Agents or in the case of Class A Registered Notes, the Class A Registrar, and, in each case, the Class A 
Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Class A Noteholders and the relevant Stock Exchange and each other listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the relevant Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as possible after its determination but in no event later than (i) (in case of notification to the 
relevant Stock Exchange and each other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the relevant 
Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation) the commencement of the relevant Class A 
Note Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of a Class A Interest Rate and Class A Note Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. The Class A Note Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Class A Note Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
relevant Class A Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing, to the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and to the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 
16 (“—Notices”). If the Class A Notes become due and payable under Class A Condition 10 (“—Class A Note Events of 
Default”), the accrued interest and the Class A Interest Rate payable in respect of the Class A Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously provided in accordance with this Class A Condition but no publication of the 
Class A Interest Rate or the Class A Note Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless otherwise required by the 
Class A Note Trustee. The determination of each Class A Interest Rate, Class A Note Interest Amount, Redemption 
Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) pursuant to this Class A Condition 6 (“—Interest and 
Other Calculations”), shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent, if applicable) selected by the Issuer 
with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre if provision is made for them in these Class A Conditions applicable to the 
Class A Notes and for so long as any of them are outstanding. If the Calculation Agent, if applicable, is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent, if applicable, fails duly to establish the Class A Interest Rate for 
any Class A Note Interest Period or to calculate the Class A Note Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the 
Issuer will appoint (with the prior written consent of the Class A Note Trustee) a successor to act as such in its place.  
(i) 
[Reserved]. 
(j) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Class A Condition 6 (“—Interest and Other 
Calculations”) whether by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, each Obligor, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders and Class A Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Obligors, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders or the Class A Couponholders shall attach to the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent 
Bank or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 251 ---
231 
  
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Expected Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed in full, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, or unless such Class A 
Note is stated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as having no fixed Expected Maturity Date, the 
Class A Notes will be redeemed on their Expected Maturity Date as follows and to the following extent: 
(i) 
if, by the Expected Maturity Date, the Issuer has received repayment of the related advance (in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Class A IBLA) of a principal amount equal to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding, then the relevant Class A Notes will be redeemed in full (after 
exchange of such principal amount to the relevant currency pursuant to any Issuer Hedging 
Agreement, if such Issuer Hedging Agreement has been entered into); and 
(ii) 
if, by the Expected Maturity Date, the Issuer has received repayment of the related advance (in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Class A IBLA) of a principal amount less than the 
Principal Amount Outstanding, then the relevant Class A Notes will be redeemed pro rata in part to 
the extent of the amount which is so deposited (after exchange of such principal amount to the 
relevant currency pursuant to the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, if such an Issuer Hedging 
Agreement has been entered into). 
If the relevant Class A Notes are not redeemed in full by the Expected Maturity Date, then on each Interest 
Payment Date which thereafter occurs, the Class A Notes will be redeemed in full or, as the case may be, pro rata in 
part to the extent of the principal amount (after exchange of such principal amount to the relevant currency pursuant to 
the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, if such an Issuer Hedging Agreement has been entered into or, if there is no 
longer an Issuer Hedging Agreement in place and the Class A Notes are denominated in a currency other than the 
currency of the related advance, at a spot rate of exchange) which, if any, is received by the Issuer in repayment of the 
related advance(s) (in accordance with the provisions the relevant Class A IBLA) until the earlier of (a) such time as the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full or (b) the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus for the Class A Notes. 
The Class A IBLAs entered into by the Issuer and the Borrower in respect of the Class A IBLA Advances 
corresponding to the Sub-Class A1 Notes, the Sub-Class A2 Notes, the Sub-Class A3 Notes and the Sub-Class A4 
Notes each designate the 12-month period prior to the Final Maturity Date of the respective Class A IBLA Advance as a 
Cash Accumulation Period and, in each case, the Required Accumulation Period is 100% 
In respect of any other Sub-Class of Class A Notes, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
specify Cash Accumulation as “Applicable”, the Class A IBLA and the Class A IBLA Advance corresponding to such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall designate the specified period prior to the Final Maturity Date of such Class A IBLA 
Advance as a Cash Accumulation Period and the Required Accumulation Percentage shall be as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Final Redemption 
If the Sub-Class of the Class A Notes have not previously been redeemed in full, or purchased and cancelled, 
the Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be finally redeemed at the then Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but 
unpaid interest on the Final Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for such 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
(c) 
Optional Redemption 
Subject to Condition 7(k) (“—Modified Optional Redemption”), if Issuer Optional Redemption is selected in 
the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, subject as provided below, and provided that there is no Class A Note Event 
of Default or CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default then outstanding, upon giving not more than 60 
nor less than 15 days’ prior written notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer 
Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders, the Issuer may (prior to the Expected Maturity Date applicable to a 
particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes) redeem any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole or in part (but on a pro rata 
basis only) on any Class A Note Interest Payment Date applicable to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes at their 
Redemption Amount, as follows: 
(i) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in sterling, the Redemption Amount will, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be an amount equal to the higher of (i) their Principal 
Amount Outstanding and (ii) the price determined to be appropriate by a financial adviser in London 
(selected by the Issuer and approved by the Class A Note Trustee) as being the price at which the

--- Page 252 ---
232 
  
Gross Redemption Yield (as defined below) on such Sub-Class of Class A Notes on the Reference 
Date (as defined below) is equal to (x) the Gross Redemption Yield at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Reference Date on the Reference Gilt (as defined below) while that stock is in issue, and thereafter 
such UK government stock as the Issuer may, with the advice of three persons operating in the gilt-
edged market (selected by the Issuer) determine to be appropriate, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in either case, accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(c))(i), “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield 
expressed as a percentage and calculated on a basis consistent with the basis indicated by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office publication “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” 
published on 8 June 1998 with effect from 1 November 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 
March 2005, page 5 or any replacement therefor and, for the purposes of such calculation, the date of 
redemption of the relevant Fixed Rate Class A Notes shall be assumed to be the earlier of (A) the Call 
Date (as defined in Class A Condition 7(k) below) if any is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date and not the 
Final Maturity Date and “Reference Gilt” means the treasury stock specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, or if no such security is specified, the Treasury stock whose 
modified duration most closely matches that of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes on the Reference Date 
with the advice of three persons operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the Issuer). 
(ii) 
[Reserved.] 
(iii) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in euro, the Redemption Amount will, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be an amount equal to the 
higher of (i) their Principal Amount Outstanding and (ii) the present value at the Reference Date (as 
defined below) of (A) their Principal Amount Outstanding plus (B) all required interest payments due 
on the Sub-Class of Class A Notes (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the date on which the 
Class A Notes are to be redeemed (the “Redemption Date”)), computed using a discount rate equal 
to (x) the Bund Rate as of the Reference Date and assuming the relevant Fixed Rate Notes would 
otherwise have been redeemed on the earlier of (A) the Call Date (as defined in Class A Condition 
7(k) below) if any is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin plus, in either 
case, accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(c)(iii), “Bund Rate” means, with respect to any 
Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity as of such date of the 
Comparable German Bund Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable German Bund Issue 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable German Bund Price on 
such date of determination; “Comparable German Bund Issue” means the German Bundesanleihe 
security specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if no such security is 
specified or the specified security is no longer in issue, the German Bundesanleihe security selected 
by any Reference German Bund Dealer as having a fixed maturity most nearly equal to the period 
from such Reference Date to the Expected Maturity Date and that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-
denominated corporate debt securities in a principal amount approximately equal to the then Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes and of a maturity most nearly equal to the 
Expected Maturity Date provided, however, that if the period from such Redemption Date to the 
Expected Maturity Date is less than one year, a fixed maturity of one year shall be used; 
“Comparable German Bund Price” means, with respect to any relevant date, the average of all 
Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations for such date (which, in any event, must include at least 
two such quotations), after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference German Bund Dealer 
Quotations or, if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference German Bund Dealer 
Quotations, the average of all such quotations; “Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser in 
Frankfurt (selected by the Issuer and approved by the Class A Note Trustee); “Reference German 
Bund Dealer” means any dealer of German Bundesanleihe securities appointed by the Financial 
Adviser; and “Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
German Bund Dealer and any relevant date, the average as determined by the Financial Adviser of the 
bid and offered prices for the Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference German Bund 
Dealer at or about 3:30 p.m. (Frankfurt, Germany time) on the Reference Date. 
(iv) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in U.S. dollars, the Redemption Amount will, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, be an amount equal 
to (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding plus (ii) the accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal

--- Page 253 ---
233 
  
Amount Outstanding, plus the greater of (A) 1% of the Principal Amount Outstanding and (B) the 
excess of: (1) the present value at as of the Reference Date of the redemption price of the Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes at the Expected Maturity Date, plus all required interest payments, that would 
otherwise be due to be paid on the Sub-Class of Class A Notes during the period between such 
Reference Date and the earlier of (A) the Call Date (as defined in Class A Condition 7(k) below) if 
any is specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes and (B) Expected Maturity Date, excluding accrued but unpaid interest, computed using a 
discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate (as defined below) at such Reference Date plus the 
Redemption Margin, over (2) the Principal Amount Outstanding on such Reference Date. 
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the yield, under the heading which 
represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most recently published 
statistical release designated “H.15(519)” or any successor publication which is published weekly by 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively 
traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury Constant 
Maturities”, for the maturity corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue (if no maturity is within 
three months before or after the Expected Maturity Date, yields for the two published maturities most 
closely corresponding to the Comparable Treasury Issue shall be determined and the Treasury Rate 
shall be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight line basis, rounding to the nearest 
month) or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the 
calculation date or does not contain such yields, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent 
yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal 
amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date, in each case calculated on 
the third Business Day immediately preceding the redemption date, where: 
“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the U.S. Treasury security selected by any Reference Treasury 
Dealer as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
from the Reference Date to the Expected Maturity Date, that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
of a maturity most nearly equal to the Expected Maturity Date; 
“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, if clause (ii) of the 
definition of “Treasury Rate” is applicable, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations 
for such date (which, in any event, must include at least two such quotations), after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, of if the Issuer obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations; 
“Federal Reserve System” means the central banking system of the United States; 
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means any primary U.S. government securities dealer appointed by 
the Issuer; and 
“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations” means with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer 
and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked prices for the 
Comparable Treasury Issue, expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount, quoted in 
writing to the Issuer by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the 
third Business Day immediately preceding such redemption date. 
In any case, prior to giving any such notice, the Issuer must certify (as further specified in the Finance 
Documents) to the Class A Note Trustee that it will have the funds, not subject to any interest (other 
than under the Issuer Security) of any other person, required to redeem the Class A Notes as aforesaid 
and the Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without liability to any 
person. 
In the case of a partial redemption of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes represented by a Class A Global 
Note (as defined in the Class A Note Trust Deed) pursuant to this Class A Condition, the Class A 
Notes to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Class A Notes”) will be selected in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion), not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Class A Notes in definitive 
form, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Class A Notes will be published in accordance 
with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) not less than 15 days (or such shorter period as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) prior to the date fixed for redemption. No

--- Page 254 ---
234 
  
exchange of the relevant Class A Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Class A 
Condition 7(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) at least five days (or such shorter period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons 
In addition, if at any time the Issuer satisfies the Class A Note Trustee: 
(i) 
that the Issuer would become obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment of interest or principal 
in respect of the Class A Notes (other than in respect of default interest), any amount for or on 
account of Taxes by the laws or regulations of the UK or Jersey or any political subdivision thereof, 
or any other authority thereof by reason of any change in or amendment to such laws or regulations or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding 
by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
(ii) 
that, by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date, the Issuer is no longer a “securitisation company” (as 
defined in the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 2006/3296) (for the 
purposes of this Class A Condition 7(d)(ii), the “Regulations”)) and is otherwise unable to claim a 
Tax treatment in the United Kingdom that would prevent a material increase in the Tax liabilities of 
the Issuer compared to the treatment previously provided to the Issuer under the Regulations; 
(iii) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that the Borrower would on the next Class A Note 
Interest Payment Date be required to make any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
Taxes from payments in respect of a Class A IBLA; 
(iv) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that an Issuer Hedge Counterparty would be entitled to 
terminate a Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms as a result of the Issuer or the Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty being required to make any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
Taxes from payments in respect of an Issuer Hedging Agreement; or 
(v) 
by reason of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), which change 
becomes effective on or after the Closing Date that it has or will have the result that it will become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under any Class A IBLA or to fund or to 
maintain its participation in the Class A IBLA Advances, 
then the Issuer may, in consultation with the Borrower and the Class A Note Trustee and in order to avoid the 
relevant deductions, withholding or illegality but is not obliged to, (i) use its reasonable endeavours to arrange the 
substitution of a company incorporated under the laws of another jurisdiction approved by the Class A Note Trustee as 
principal debtor under the Class A Notes and as lender under a Class A IBLA upon satisfying the conditions for 
substitution of the Issuer as set out in Class A Condition 14 (“—Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution”) or (ii) exchange any Class A Bearer Notes into Class A Registered Notes in 
accordance with Class A Condition 2(a) (“—Exchange of Class A Notes”) if such exchange will be effective to avoid 
the relevant deduction or withholding or illegality. If the Issuer elects not to seek to avoid the relevant deductions, or is 
unable to arrange a substitution as described above having used reasonable endeavours to do so or an exchange of Class 
A Bearer Notes to Class A Registered Notes would not prevent any withholding or deduction or illegality and, as a 
result, the relevant deduction or withholding or illegality is continuing then the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 
15 nor less than 5 Business Days’ prior written notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, 
the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“Notices”), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes on any Interest Payment Date at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon up to but excluding the date of redemption. 
If the Issuer satisfies the Class A Note Trustee immediately before giving the notice referred to below, that one 
or more of the events described in this Class A Condition 7(d) above is continuing and that the effect of the relevant 
event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, then the Issuer may, on any Class A 
Note Interest Payment Date and having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), (or, in the case of an event described in this Class A Condition 7(d)(iv) above, such shorter period expiring 
on or before the latest date permitted by relevant law) to the Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Noteholders in 
accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”), redeem all, but not some only, of the Class A Notes at their 
respective principal amount outstanding together with accrued but unpaid interest, if any, up to but excluding the date of

--- Page 255 ---
235 
  
redemption. Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”) 
and Class A Condition 7(d) (“—Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons”), the Issuer shall deliver to the Class A 
Note Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that (x) one or more of the events described 
in (a) above is continuing and that the effect of the relevant event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; and (y) the Issuer will have the necessary funds to pay all principal and interest due, if any, in 
respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant Class A Note Interest Payment Date and to discharge all other amounts 
required to be paid by it on the relevant Class A Note Interest Payment Date in priority to, or pari passu with, the Class 
A Notes under the Issuer Payment Priorities; and (B) if required by the Class A Note Trustee, an opinion (in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee) of independent legal advisors of recognised standing opining on the 
relevant event described in (d). The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled, without further enquiry to accept such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in (x) and (y) above, and it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Class A Noteholders. 
The Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to accept and rely without further enquiry on any certificate referred 
to in this Class A Condition 7(d) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in 
which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Class A Noteholders, the Class A Receiptholders and the Class 
A Couponholders. 
(e) 
Early Redemption on Prepayment of a Class A IBLA 
If: 
(i) 
the Borrower gives notice to the Issuer under a Class A IBLA that it intends to voluntarily prepay all 
or part of any advance made under such Class A IBLA or the Borrower is required to prepay all or 
part of any advance made under any Class A IBLA; and 
(ii) 
in each case, such advance was funded by the Issuer from the proceeds of a Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, 
the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 10 nor less than 5 Business Days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with 
Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”), (where such advance is being prepaid in whole) redeem all of the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Notes or (where part only of such advance is being prepaid) the proportion of the relevant Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes which the proposed prepayment amount bears to the amount of the relevant advance. 
Other than where a prepayment or redemption is being effected as contemplated by Class A Condition 7(a) 
(“—Expected Maturity”), Class A Condition 7(d) (“—Redemption for Taxation or Other Reasons”) or Class A 
Condition 7(f) (“—Early redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice”), any early redemption of the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Notes as a result of a prepayment of a Class A IBLA Advance will be effected at its Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”) plus accrued but unpaid 
interest on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Early redemption following Loan Enforcement Notice 
If the Issuer receives (or is to receive) any monies from any Obligor following the service of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice in repayment of all or any part of a Class A IBLA Advance, the Issuer shall, upon giving not more 
than 10 nor less than 5 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured 
Creditors and the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) apply such monies to 
redeem the then outstanding relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes corresponding to the advance under a Class A IBLA 
which is prepaid at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest on the next Interest Payment 
Date (or, if sooner, Final Maturity Date) in accordance with the relevant Issuer Payment Priorities. In the event that 
there are insufficient monies to redeem all of the particular outstanding Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes to be redeemed bears to the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
(g) 
Purchase of Class A Notes 
Provided that no Class A Note Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer, the Borrower and 
any other members of the Holdco Group will be permitted, subject, in the case of the Borrower and any other member 
of the Holdco Group to the terms of the CTA, to purchase any of the Class A Notes (together with all unmatured Class 
A Receipts and Class A Coupons) in the open market. If the purchaser of the Class A Notes is the Issuer, it shall cancel 
such Class A Notes and, if the purchaser of the Class A Notes is the Borrower or any other member of the Holdco 
Group, it shall surrender such Class A Notes to the Issuer and the Issuer shall cancel such Class A Notes and, in each

--- Page 256 ---
236 
  
case, a corresponding amount of the advances made under the relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Notes will be treated as prepaid at par. 
Any Class A Note purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower or any other member of the Holdco 
Group shall, for so long as it is held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Borrower or any member of the Holdco Group, 
cease to have any voting rights attributed thereto and shall be excluded from any quorum or voting calculations set out 
in the Class A Conditions, the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge or the STID, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Class B Call Option 
(i) 
The Class A Notes are issued subject to the provisions of the Class B Call Option (as defined in and 
set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge). By holding any Class A Note, each Class A Noteholder 
acknowledges and agrees (A) that it is bound by the terms of the Class B Call Option and (B) that the 
Class A Note Trustee is party to the Issuer Deed of Charge and bound by the provisions thereof 
relating, inter alia, to the Class B Call Option. 
(ii) 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition thereof occurs and the 
Class B Call Option is exercised during the Class B Call Option Period under the terms of the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, then: 
(A) 
the relevant Class B Noteholders will be obliged to purchase all (but not some) of 
(x) the Sub-Class of Class A Notes which have not been paid on their Expected 
Maturity Date and such Class A Noteholders will be obliged to sell all (but not 
some only) of their holdings of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes to the relevant 
Class B Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at 
a price equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) any other 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than any Class A IBLA) which is due to 
mature on such Expected Maturity Date and such Class A Authorised Credit 
Provider will be obliged to assign or otherwise transfer all (but not some only) of 
their interest in such Class A Authorised Credit Facility to the relevant Class B 
Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at a price 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon; provided that in the case 
of (y) above, each Class B Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to purchase 
any Class A Authorised Credit Facility certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor 
Security Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option that is not, 
and, following exercise of the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the 
Borrower for purposes of Section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; and 
(B) 
the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) may: 
(I) 
surrender such Class A Notes to the Issuer for cancellation (and a 
corresponding amount of the Class A IBLA Advances made under the 
relevant Class A IBLA attributable to the relevant Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes will be treated as prepaid) (or enter into an alternative arrangement 
which achieves the same commercial objective) and surrender and cancel 
any amount outstanding under any purchased Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility (or enter into an alternative arrangement which achieves the same 
commercial objective). In each case, the relevant Class B Noteholder(s) 
shall provide a tax opinion from reputable tax counsel addressed to (x) the 
Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Borrower 
and the Obligor in the case of the surrender of the Class A Notes and the 
deemed prepayment of the related Class A IBLA and (y) the Borrower and 
the Obligor Security Trustee, in the case of any cancellation of amounts 
outstanding under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility, to confirm that 
the surrender and cancellation of the Class A Notes, the Class A IBLA 
and/or the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility or the entry into any 
alternative arrangements to achieve the same commercial objective, as the 
case may be, will not result in any adverse tax consequences for the Issuer 
or the Borrower, as applicable; or 
(II) 
purchase all (but not some only) of each other Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
then outstanding at a price equal to:

--- Page 257 ---
237 
  
(1) 
in the case of any Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in 
Sterling, the higher of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
such Fixed Rate Class A Notes plus accrued but unpaid interest 
thereon and (ii) the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and 
the Class A Note Trustee by a financial advisor appointed by the 
Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note Trustee) 
expressed as a percentage (and rounded, if necessary, to the third 
decimal place (0.0005 being rounded upwards)) at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on the relevant class of Class A Notes on the 
Relevant Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at 3.00 p.m. 
(London time) plus 50 basis points (the Make Whole) on that date 
of the Relevant Treasury Stock on the basis of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the offered prices of the 
Relevant Treasury Stock quoted by the Reference Market Makers 
(on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing 
day in London) at or about 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Relevant Date plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Fixed Rate Class A Notes and so 
that, for the purpose of this sub-paragraph (II): Reference Market 
Makers means three brokers and/ or London gilt-edged market 
makers selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class 
A Note Trustee; Relevant Date means the date which is the fifth 
business day in London prior to the date of purchase; Gross 
Redemption Yield means a yield calculated on the basis set out by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper 
“Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, 
Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on 
a Quasi-Coupon Date” (third edition published 16/03/2005); and 
Relevant Treasury Stock means such United Kingdom government 
stock as selected by the Issuer and as the Class A Note Trustee 
may approve, with the advice of three brokers and/or gilt-edged 
market makers or such other three persons operating in the gilt-
edged market to be a benchmark gilt the maturity of which most 
closely matches the Expected Maturity Date of the relevant Sub-
Class of Class A Notes as calculated by a financial advisor 
selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Class A Note 
Trustee; and 
(2) 
in the case of any Fixed Rate Class A Notes denominated in euro 
or U.S. dollars, at a price equal to the Redemption Amount of such 
Class A Notes as determined in accordance with Class A 
Condition 7(c) or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or drawdown prospectus, as the case may be. 
(3) 
[Reserved]. 
(iii) 
If a Class B Call Option Trigger Event set out in paragraph (b) of the definition thereof occurs and the 
Class B Call Option is exercised during the Class B Call Option Period under the terms of the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, then the relevant Class B Noteholders will be obliged to purchase all (but not some) 
of (x) the Class A Notes then outstanding and the Class A Noteholders will be obliged to sell all (but 
not some only) of their holdings of such Class A Notes to the relevant Class B Noteholders, in 
accordance with the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, at a price equal to the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (y) 
each Class A Authorised Credit Facility (other than any Class A IBLA) which is then outstanding and 
such Class A Authorised Credit Provider will be obliged to assign or otherwise transfer all (but not 
some only) of their interest in such Class A Authorised Credit Facility to the relevant Class B 
Noteholders, in accordance with the terms of the STID, at a price equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Class A Authorised Credit Facility together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon; 
provided that in the case of (y) above, each Class B Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right to 
purchase any Class A Authorised Credit Facility certifies to the Borrower and the Obligor Security 
Trustee at the time of the exercise of the Class B Call Option, will not be, connected with the 
Borrower for purposes of Section 363 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009.

--- Page 258 ---
238 
  
(iv) 
The Issuer will be required, under the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, to notify the Class A 
Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) and by publication on a 
Regulatory Information Service, with a copy to the Class A Note Trustee and the Class A Paying 
Agents, of any forthcoming actual or possible exercise of the Class B Call Option. Such notice will 
specify the arrangements for the settlement of the transfer of the Class A Notes and the settlement of 
the purchase price payable to the Class A Noteholders. 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Class A Condition 7, each Class A 
Note which provides for Instalment Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) and 
Instalment Amounts (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) will be partially redeemed on 
each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Any Class A Bearer Notes or Class A Registered Notes which are: (i) redeemed by the Issuer; (ii) purchased or 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person specified in Class A Condition 7(g) (“—Purchase of Class A 
Notes”) following a CTA Event of Default; or (iii) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or a Obligor or any 
equivalent or similar provision in any Authorised Credit Facility to the extent required to cure a Trigger Event in 
accordance with the CTA, shall, in each case, be surrendered to or to the order of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or 
the Class A Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Class A Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, all unmatured Class 
A Receipts and Class A Coupons and unexchanged Class A Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Class A Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Class A Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Modified Optional Redemption 
If Modified Optional Redemption is selected in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, provided that there 
is no Class A Note Event of Default or CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default then outstanding, upon 
giving written notice within the notice period specified in the Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Class A Noteholders, the Issuer may (prior to the Expected 
Maturity Date applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes) redeem all but not some only of any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes in whole on the Call Date or Call Dates at the Redemption Amount in each case specified in the Final 
Terms in respect of the relevant Call Date. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(k), “Call Date” means any date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms applicable to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes on which all the Class A Notes in any particular Sub-Class can be 
redeemed by the Issuer before the Expected Maturity Date pursuant to Class A Note Condition 7(k). 
(l) 
Special Mandatory Redemption 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, an amount equal to the 
aggregate gross proceeds of the issue of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall be deposited in a segregated 
escrow account (the “Escrow Account”) pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement (the “Escrow Agreement”) 
dated as of the relevant Issue Date among the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, and the relevant escrow agent (the 
“Escrow Agent”). The initial funds deposited in the Escrow Account and all other funds credited to the Escrow 
Account (less funds paid in accordance with the Escrow Agreement) are referred to, collectively, as the “Escrow 
Property”. 
If Special Mandatory Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for 
any Sub-Class of Class A Notes and a Special Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give written 
notice thereof (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Class A Note Trustee and the holders of the relevant Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes within the notice period specified in the Final Terms and the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only 
of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes in whole on the Special Mandatory Redemption Date at the Special Mandatory 
Redemption Price in each case specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
For the purposes of this Class A Condition 7(l), “Special Mandatory Redemption Event” shall occur where 
either (i) the Borrower does not deliver a certificate to the Class A Note Trustee certifying that certain conditions 
specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (the “Escrow Release Conditions”) are satisfied and accordingly 
the Escrow Property is not released from the Escrow Account on or before the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or (ii) a CTA Event of Default, Potential CTA Event of Default or Class A Note

--- Page 259 ---
239 
  
Event of Default occurs on or prior to the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
which, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee (in the case of a CTA Event of Default or a Potential CTA Event 
of Default) or the Class A Note Trustee (in the case of a Class A Note Event of Default), is not capable of remedy on or 
prior to the Escrow Longstop Date specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and in making such 
determination, the Obligor Security Trustee and/or the Class A Note Trustee is entitled to rely on a certificate from the 
Borrower (in the case of a CTA Event of Default or a Potential CTA Event of Default) or the Issuer (in the case of a 
Class A Note Event of Default). 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Class A Bearer Notes 
Payments to the Class A Noteholders of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or other 
amounts payable on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Class A Note Interest Amounts) in respect of 
Class A Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Class A Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for final redemption and 
provided that the Class A Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Class A Note), Class A Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Class A Condition 8(f) (“—
Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and Unexchanged Class A Talons”) or Class A Coupons (in the case 
of interest, save as specified in Class A Condition 8(f) (“—Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and 
Unexchanged Class A Talons”), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent outside the 
United States of America by transfer to an account denominated in the currency in which such payment is due with, or 
(in the case of Class A Notes in definitive form only) a cheque payable in that currency drawn on, a bank in (i) the 
principal financial centre of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of 
any Participating Member State if that currency is euro. 
No payment of principal and/or interest in respect of a Class A Bearer Note with an original maturity of more 
than 1 year will be made by a transfer of funds into an account maintained by the payee in the United States or by 
mailing a cheque to an address in the United States, except as provided in Class A Condition 8(c) (“—Payments in the 
United States of America”). 
(b) 
Class A Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) in respect of Class A Registered Notes 
will be made to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Class A Note against presentation and surrender 
of the relevant Class A Registered Note at the specified office of the Class A Registrar and in the manner provided in 
Class A Condition 8(a) (“—Class A Bearer Notes”). 
Payments of instalments in respect of Class A Registered Notes will be made to the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of such Class A Note against presentation of the relevant Class A Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Class A Registrar in the manner provided in Class A Condition 8(a) (“—Class A Bearer Notes”) above and 
annotation of such payment on the Class A Register and the relevant Class A Note certificate. 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Class A Note Interest Amounts) on Class A Registered Notes payable on any 
Interest Payment Date will be paid to the holder (or the first named if joint holders) on the fifteenth day before the due 
date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payment of interest or Class A Note Interest Amounts on each Class A 
Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such payment is due by cheque drawn on a bank in (a) the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned, provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the 
principal financial centre of any Participating Member State if that currency is euro and mailed to the holder (or to the 
first named of joint holders) of such Class A Note at its address appearing in the Class A Register. Upon application by 
the Class A Noteholder to the specified office of the Class A Registrar before the relevant Record Date, such payment 
of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in (a) 
the principal financial centre of the country of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal 
financial centre of any Participating Member State if that currency is euro. 
A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on the schedule to the Class A Global Note by or on 
behalf of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as the case may be, which endorsement shall be 
prima facie evidence that such payment has been made. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Class A Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Class A Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if:

--- Page 260 ---
240 
  
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Class A Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
of America with the reasonable expectation that such Class A Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Class A Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by the law of the United States of America, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Bearer Class A Global Notes and Registered Class A Global 
Notes 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of this Class A Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Class A Noteholders, Class A Couponholders or Class A Receiptholders (if any) in respect of such payments. All 
payments are also subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in section 
1471(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (“—Taxation”)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto (“FATCA”). 
The holder of a Class A Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments of principal (or 
Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Class A Note Interest Amounts) on the Class A Global Note and the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Class A Global Note in respect of each amount paid. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The Agents appointed by the Issuer (and their respective specified offices) are listed in the Class A Agency 
Agreement. Any Calculation Agent will be listed in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and will be 
appointed pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer (and, in the 
circumstances set out in the Class A Agency Agreement, the Class A Note Trustee) and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer reserves the right, with the prior written consent of the 
Class A Note Trustee at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent, and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Class A Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Class A 
Bearer Notes), (ii) a Class A Registrar (in the case of Class A Registered Notes), and (iii) if and for so long as the Class 
A Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Class A Paying Agent, Class A Transfer Agent or Class A Registrar in any 
particular place, a Class A Paying Agent, Class A Transfer Agent and/or Class A Registrar, as applicable, having its 
specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, which, while 
any Class A Notes are admitted to the Official List and trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin, shall be London. Notice of any such variation, termination or appointment will be given in accordance with 
Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”).  
(f) 
Unmatured Class A Coupons and Class A Receipts and Unexchanged Class A Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, upon the due date for 
redemption of any Class A Note which is a Class A Bearer Note (other than a Fixed Rate Class A 
Note, unless it has all unmatured Class A Coupons attached), unmatured Class A Coupons and Class 
A Receipts relating to such Class A Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Class A Note, any unmatured Class A Talon relating to such 
Class A Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Class A Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Class A Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Class A Note which is redeemable in instalments, all Class 
A Receipts relating to such Class A Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Class A Note, which is a Class A Bearer Note and is a Fixed Rate Class A Note, is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Class A Coupons and any unexchanged Class A 
Talon relating to it, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing unmatured Class A Coupons

--- Page 261 ---
241 
  
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment and, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Class A Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest accrued 
from the preceding Interest Payment Date or the Class A Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, or the Class A Note Interest Amount payable on such date for redemption shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Class A Note and Class A 
Coupon. 
(g) 
Payment Business Days 
(i) 
Class A Bearer Notes: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Class A Bearer 
Note or Class A Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
(ii) 
Class A Registered Notes: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on 
the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Class A Note is surrendered 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Class A Paying Agent and 
(ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for 
payment. A Holder of a Class A Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment 
in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (A) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Class A Condition 8(g) arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(h) 
Class A Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Class A Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Class A Note, the Class A Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Class A Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if necessary another Class A Talon for 
a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Class A Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Class A 
Condition 12 (“—Prescription”)). 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Receipts or Class A Coupons will be made (whether by 
the Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee) free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by applicable law. In that event, the Issuer, such Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A 
Note Trustee, as the case may be, shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, any 
Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to the Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders or the Class A Couponholders in respect of such 
withholding or deduction. The Issuer, any Class A Paying Agent, the Class A Registrar or the Class A Note Trustee 
may require holders to provide such certifications and other documents as required by applicable law in order to qualify 
for exemptions from applicable tax laws. 
10. 
Class A Note Events of Default 
(a) 
Class A Note Event of Default 
Each and any of the following events shall be treated as a “Class A Note Event of Default”: 
(i) 
Non-payment: default is made by the Issuer for a period of 5 Business Days in the payment of interest 
or principal on any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes when due in accordance with these Class A 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any 
other obligation, condition, provision, representation or warranty binding upon or made by it under 
the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than any obligation whose 
breach would give rise to the Class A Note Event of Default provided for in Class A Condition

--- Page 262 ---
242 
  
10(a)(i) (“—Non Payment”) and, except where in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee the such 
default is not capable of remedy, such default continues for a period of 30 Business Days and, in 
either case, provided that the Class A Note Trustee shall have determined that such event is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders; 
(iii) 
Issuer Insolvency Event: an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(iv) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Class A Notes or the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Delivery of Class A Note Acceleration Notice 
If any Class A Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Class A Note Trustee (i) may, at any time, 
at its discretion and (ii) shall, upon being so directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all of the Class A Notes then outstanding or if so directed by a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution of all the Class A Noteholders, deliver a notice (a “Class A Note Acceleration Notice”) to the Issuer 
declaring all of the Class A Notes immediately due and payable provided that, in either case, it is indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Upon the delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice, the Class A 
Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with accrued and 
unpaid interest. 
(c) 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
Subject to the Issuer Deed of Charge, at any time after the service of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice by 
the Class A Note Trustee in accordance with Class A Condition 10(a) (“—Class A Note Event of Default”) above, the 
Issuer Security Trustee at its absolute discretion may, and if so directed in writing by Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors 
holdings at least 25% of the aggregate Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt then outstanding, shall (subject, in each case, to 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge take 
enforcement steps in relation to the Issuer Security. 
Under the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge, if the Issuer Security Trustee is directed to take enforcement 
steps in relation to the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee is required to give a notice (the “Issuer Security 
Enforcement Notice”) to the Issuer declaring the whole of the Issuer Security to be enforceable. 
(d) 
Confirmation of no Class A Note Event of Default 
The Issuer, pursuant to the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed, shall provide written confirmation to the 
Class A Note Trustee, on an annual basis (and at any other time on request of the Class A Note Trustee), that no Class 
A Note Event of Default has occurred. 
11. 
Enforcement Against Issuer 
No Class A Noteholder, Class A Receiptholder, Class A Couponholder or other Issuer Secured Creditor is 
entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group or against any assets of the 
Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group to enforce its rights in respect of the Class A Notes or to enforce any 
of the Issuer Security unless the Class A Note Trustee or, as the case may be, the Issuer Security Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is 
continuing. The Issuer Security Trustee shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or 
which it may incur by so doing, upon being so directed in writing by the Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors together 
holding or representing at least 25% or more of the Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt, enforce the Issuer Security in 
accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
None of the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders, the Class A Couponholders or the other Issuer Secured Creditors may institute against, or join any 
person in instituting against, the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group any bankruptcy, winding up, re 
organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except for the taking of any enforcement action under 
the Issuer Deed of Charge including the appointment of a Receiver pursuant to the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge) 
or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Class A Notes are outstanding or for two years and a day 
after the latest Final Maturity Date on which any Sub-Class of Class A Notes is due to mature. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) 
the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, no holder of such Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes:

--- Page 263 ---
243 
  
(a) 
is entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group or against any assets 
of the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco Group to enforce its rights in respect of the Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes or to enforce any of the Escrow Security pursuant to the relevant Escrow Security Deed of 
Charge unless the Class A Note Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects to do so within 
a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. The Class A Note Trustee shall, subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, 
claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing, upon being so 
directed in writing by (i) holders of more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Sub-Class 
of Class A Notes then outstanding or (ii) an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes, enforce the Escrow Security in accordance with the relevant Escrow Security Deed of Charge; and/or 
(b) 
may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer or any other member of the Holdco 
Group any bankruptcy, winding up, re organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except 
for the taking of any enforcement action under the relevant Escrow Security Deed of Charge including the 
appointment of a Receiver pursuant to the terms of the relevant Escrow Security Deed of Charge) or other 
proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Sub-Class of Class A Notes are outstanding until the 
relevant Class A Closing Date. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Class A Notes, Class A Receipts or Class A Coupons 
(which, for this purpose, shall not include Class A Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Class A Note Relevant Date 
(as defined in Class A Condition 21 (“—Definitions”)) in respect thereof. 
13. 
Replacement of Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons 
If any Class A Bearer Note, Class A Registered Note, Class A Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and requirements of the Stock 
Exchange (in the case of listed Class A Notes) (and each other listing authority, stock exchange and or quotation system 
upon which the relevant Class A Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation), at the specified 
office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Class A Registrar upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Class A Notes, Class A Receipts, Class A 
Coupons or Class A Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Passing of resolutions by Class A Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
No physical meetings will be required in respect of any Class A Voting Matter and a Class A Noteholder may 
only Vote in respect of any Class A Voting Matter by means of a Block Voting Instruction. However, the Class A Note 
Trustee may, without the consent of the Issuer or the Class A Noteholders, prescribe such further regulations regarding 
voting by the Class A Noteholders in respect of all Class A Voting Matters except Obligor STID Proposals as the Class 
A Note Trustee may in its sole discretion think fit, including the calling of one or more meetings of Class A 
Noteholders in order to approve any resolution to be put to the Class A Noteholders where the Class A Note Trustee, in 
its sole discretion, considers it to be appropriate to hold a meeting. 
In respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes for which Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, until the Class A Closing Date for such Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the 
holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be entitled to Vote in respect of any amendments, modifications or 
waivers pursuant to any Obligor STID Proposal, Class A Basic Terms Modification and/or Extraordinary Resolution.  
In respect of any Obligor STID Proposal (other than a NIG LAN Notice or a STID Proposal which relates to 
an Entrenched Right as to which the Issuer is an affected Obligor Secured Creditor): 
(i) 
each Class A Noteholder may only vote on such Obligor STID Proposal by way of Block Voting 
Instruction and each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its equivalent 
expressed in sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class 
A Notes held by it; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote on or prior to the time specified by the Class A Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, Class A Registrar and/or relevant clearing system in order to enable the 
Class A Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, a Class A Paying Agent or the Class A

--- Page 264 ---
244 
  
Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction on the Voting Date, provided that if a Class A 
Noteholder does not vote in sufficient time to allow the Class A Principal Paying Agent, or, as the 
case may be, a Class A Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction in 
respect of its Class A Notes prior to the end of the Voting Period, the Votes of such Class A 
Noteholder may not be counted; 
(iii) 
in respect of such Obligor STID Proposal, the Class A Note Trustee shall vote as the Secured Creditor 
Representative of the Class A Noteholders in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes then 
outstanding by notifying the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee, in 
accordance with the STID promptly following the receipt by it of such Votes (and in any case not 
later than the Business Day following receipt of each such Vote), of each Vote comprised in a Block 
Voting Instruction received by it from a Class A Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar on or prior to 
the Voting Date (or, if earlier the relevant Voting Closure Date); and 
(iv) 
such Obligor STID Proposal duly approved by the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors in 
accordance with the STID shall be binding on all Class A Noteholders, Class A Receiptholders and 
Class A Couponholders (subject as provided in the STID). The Issuer shall, following receipt from 
the Holdco Group Agent of the result of any vote in respect of such Obligor STID Proposal, promptly 
notify the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”). 
In respect of (a) an Obligor STID Proposal that gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Issuer 
is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor (an “Entrenched Right STID Proposal”); and (b) any Class A Voting Matter 
which is not a Obligor STID Proposal (an “Other Class A Voting Matter”): 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee may at any time, and the Class A Note Trustee must if (a) it 
receives an Entrenched Right STID Proposal which gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of 
which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor; or (b) directed to do so by Class A 
Noteholders representing not less than 10% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes, request that such Other Class A Voting Matter be considered by the Class A 
Noteholders. The Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee shall send a notice (a “Voting Notice”) to the 
Class A Noteholders of each affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes, specifying the Voting Date (which 
shall initially be set with at least 21 days’ notice) and the Other Class A Voting Matter(s) including 
the terms of any resolution to be proposed; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its equivalent expressed in 
Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes 
held or represented by it; 
(iii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 24 hours prior to the 
Voting Date so that his votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which needs to be 
deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, the Class A 
Note Trustee shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee in 
writing of whether or not the holders of each affected Sub-Class of Class A Notes then outstanding 
have passed an Extraordinary Resolution approving the relevant STID Proposal. 
In order for an Extraordinary Resolution to be approved by the Class A Noteholders (subject as provided 
below), one or more Class A Noteholders representing 50% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of an Other Class 
A Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote, provided that in respect of any Other Class A Voting Matter the 
business of which includes any of the following matters (each of which, a “Class A Basic Terms Modification” and 
which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution) 
namely: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes or (other than as specified in Class A Condition 7 (“—Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation”)) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect 
of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes on redemption or maturity; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes for, or their 
conversion into, shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed;

--- Page 265 ---
245 
  
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes are 
payable; 
(iv) 
to alter any of the Issuer Payment Priorities insofar as such alteration would affect any Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes; 
(v) 
to change the quorum required or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vi) 
to amend this definition or this Class A Condition 14(a), 
one or more Class A Noteholders representing 75% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who, for the time being are entitled to receive notice of such an Other 
Class A Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote. 
The above percentage requirements of Class A Noteholders who need to participate in a particular Other Class 
A Voting Matter are referred to herein as the “Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements”. 
If, on a Voting Date, the Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements are not satisfied for the 
transaction of any particular business then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which the Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements are satisfied, such Voting Date shall be postponed to the 
same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) (an “Adjourned Voting 
Date”) except where a Class A Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case the Adjourned Voting Date 
shall be a day (being a business day) during the period, being not less than 7 clear days nor more than 14 clear days, 
subsequent to such Voting Date, and approved by the Class A Note Trustee. On any Adjourned Voting Date, one or 
more Votes (whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes then outstanding so held or represented 
by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall have the power to pass any Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution or Class A Ordinary Resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with 
through the original Vote had the requisite Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements been met, provided that 
on any Adjourned Voting Date the Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements for the transaction of business 
comprising any of the matters specified to be a Class A Basic Terms Modification shall be at least 25% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of an Other Class A Voting Matter, need to participate in such Vote. 
Notice of any Adjourned Voting Date at which a Class A Extraordinary Resolution is to be voted upon shall be 
given in the same manner as a Voting Notice but as if 5 days’ notice were substituted for 21 days’ notice discussed 
above (in respect of an Other Class A Voting Matter) and such notice shall state the relevant quorum. Subject as 
aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an Adjourned Voting Date. 
Any resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders in accordance with the terms hereof shall be binding 
upon all the Class A Noteholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Class A Couponholders and each of them 
shall be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of any such resolution shall be conclusive evidence 
that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. Notice of the result of the voting on any resolution duly approved by 
the Class A Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—Notices”) by the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of the Issuer within 7 days of such result being 
known, provided that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result. 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding more than one Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
the foregoing provisions of this Class A Condition shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects only one Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes shall be deemed to have been duly approved if approved through a separate Vote of the holders 
of that Sub-Class of Class A Notes; 
(ii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects holders of more than one Sub-
Class of Class A Notes but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of any of the 
Sub-Classes of Class A Notes so affected shall be deemed to have been duly approved if approved 
through a separate Vote of the holders of all the Sub-Classes of the Class A Notes so affected; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee affects more than one Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of one Sub-
Class of Class A Notes so affected and the holders of another Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall be 
deemed to have been duly approved only if approved through separate Votes of the holders of each 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes;

--- Page 266 ---
246 
  
(iv) 
in respect of all such approvals all the preceding provisions of this Class A Condition shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as though references therein to Class A Notes and Class A Noteholders were 
references to the Sub-Class of Class A Notes in question or to the holders of such Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes, as the case may be; 
(v) 
no Class A Extraordinary Resolution involving a Class A Basic Terms Modification (other than 
where such Class A Basic Terms Modification is of the kind specified in limb (i) of the definition 
thereof and where such Class A Basic Terms Modification is passed by the holders of all affected 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes in accordance with (vi) below) that is approved by the holders of one 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of each of the other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes (to the extent that there 
are Class A Notes outstanding in each such other Sub-Class); and 
(vi) 
a Class A Extraordinary Resolution involving a Class A Basic Terms Modification of the kind 
specified in limb (i) of the definition thereof may be approved by the holders of all Sub-Classes of 
Class A Notes adversely affected by such Class A Basic Terms Modification (but need not be 
approved by the holders of Sub-Classes of Class A Notes which are not affected thereby). 
In respect of an Obligor STID Proposal that relates to a NIG LAN Notice: 
(i) 
if the Class A Note Trustee it receives a NIG LAN Notice it must request that such NIG LAN Notice 
be considered by the Class A Noteholders. The Issuer or the Class A Note Trustee shall send a notice 
(a “Voting Notice”) to the Class A Noteholders, specifying the Voting Date (which shall be set with 
at least 21 days’ notice) and the details of the proposed NIG LAN Resolution; 
(ii) 
each Class A Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each £1 (or its equivalent expressed in 
Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes 
held or represented by it; 
(iii) 
each Class A Noteholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 24 hours prior to the 
Voting Date so that his votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which needs to be 
deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, the Class A 
Note Trustee shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee in 
writing of whether or not the holders of the Class A Notes then outstanding have passed a NIG LAN 
Resolution approving the relevant NIG LAN Notice. 
In order for a NIG LAN Resolution to be approved by the Class A Noteholders (subject as provided below), 
one or more Class A Noteholders representing: 
(i) 
if the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes at the time of the relevant 
resolution is greater than zero but less than or equal to £750.0 million (or its equivalent expressed in 
Sterling on the basis of the Exchange Rate), 75% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes for the time being outstanding; or 
(ii) 
if the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes at the time of the relevant 
resolution is greater than £750.0 million (or, in each case, its equivalent expressed in Sterling on the 
basis of the Exchange Rate), 50% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes for the time being outstanding, 
need to participate in any Vote. 
Any NIG LAN Resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders in accordance with the terms hereof shall be 
binding upon all the Class A Noteholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Class A Couponholders and each 
of them shall be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of any such resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. Notice of the result of the voting on any NIG LAN 
Resolution duly approved by the Class A Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Class A Condition 16 (“—
Notices”) by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of the Issuer within 7 
days of such result being known, provided that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result. 
(b) 
Modification, waiver and substitution 
As set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge (and subject to the conditions and 
qualifications therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders, Class A

--- Page 267 ---
247 
  
Couponholders and the Class A Receiptholders or (subject as provided below) any other Issuer Secured Creditor (other 
than any Issuer Secured Creditor which is party to the relevant documents), concur with the Issuer or any other person 
or direct the Issuer Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer or any other person in making (i) any modification to the 
Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons and/or 
the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than a Class A Basic Terms Modification) (subject (A) as provided in 
the STID in relation to any Common Documents and (B) as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in relation to the 
Issuer Common Document) or other document to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds security provided 
that the Class A Note Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial (where 
materially prejudicial means that such modification would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date for payment therefor) 
to the interests of the Class A Noteholders and provided further that if any such modification relates to an Issuer 
Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent in 
accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge or, where any Class A Noteholders are affected Issuer Secured Creditors, 
the holders of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes affected thereby have sanctioned such modification in accordance 
with the Class A Note Trust Deed or (ii) any modification to the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, the 
Class A Notes, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Coupons or the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (subject 
(A) as provided in the STID in relation to any Common Documents and (B) as provided in the Issuer Deed of Charge in 
relation to any Issuer Common Document) or other documents to which it is a party or in respect of which it holds 
security which is, in the opinion of the Class A Note Trustee, of a formal, minor administrative or technical nature, to 
correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. Any such modification may be made 
on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Class A Note Trustee may determine, shall be binding upon 
the Class A Noteholders, the related Class A Receiptholders and/or the Class A Couponholders and, unless the Class A 
Note Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A 
Condition 16 (“—Notices”) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Where the Class A Note Trustee is required to have regard to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, it shall 
have regard to the interests of such Class A Noteholders as a class and, in particular but without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing shall not have regard to, or be in any way liable for, the interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Class A Noteholders (whatever their number) and in particular but without limitation shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Class A Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory, and the Class A Note Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Class A Noteholder 
be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or any other person, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Class A 
Noteholders. 
As more fully set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge (and subject to the 
conditions and qualifications therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders 
(subject as provided below) or any other Issuer Secured Creditor and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any 
subsequent breach or Class A Note Event of Default, from time to time and at any time but only if and in so far as in its 
opinion the interests of the holders of the Class A Notes then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby 
(where “materially prejudiced” means that such waiver or authorisation would have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Class A Notes on the relevant due date 
for payment therefor), waive or authorise (or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee to waive or authorise) any breach or 
proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Class A Conditions or any Issuer 
Class A Transaction Document (other than a Common Document or any Issuer Common Document) to which it is a 
party or in respect of which it holds security or determine that any event which would otherwise constitute a Class A 
Note Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed provided that to the 
extent such event, matter or thing relates to an Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right, each of the affected Issuer 
Secured Creditors has given its prior written consent and provided further that the Class A Note Trustee shall not 
exercise such powers in contravention of any express direction given by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution (or of a 
request in writing made by, holders of not less than one quarter in aggregate of the principal amount of the Class A 
Notes then outstanding) but no such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation previously given or 
made or so as to authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to any Class A Basic Terms 
Modification. 
Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the Class A Noteholders of each relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes and the holders of all relevant Class A Receipts and Class A Coupons and the other Issuer 
Secured Creditors and, unless the Class A Note Trustee agrees otherwise, notice thereof shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Class A Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Notwithstanding that none of the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders or the other Issuer Secured 
Creditors may have any right of recourse against the Rating Agency in respect of any Rating Confirmation given by

--- Page 268 ---
248 
  
them and relied upon by the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee shall be entitled to assume without 
liability, for the purposes of exercising any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to the Class A 
Notes or any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Class A Noteholders if any Rating Agency has provided a Rating Confirmation. The Class A Note Trustee and 
the Class A Noteholders agree and acknowledge that being entitled to rely on the fact that the Rating Agency has 
delivered a Rating Confirmation does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability for such Rating Agency to 
the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, any other Issuer Secured Creditor or any other person or create any 
legal relations between such Rating Agency and the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, any other Issuer 
Secured Creditor or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
As more fully set forth in the Class A Note Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Class A Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Class A Noteholders or any other Issuer Secured 
Creditor, also agree with the Issuer to the substitution of another corporation in place of the Issuer as principal debtor in 
respect of the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class A Notes. 
The Class A Note Trustee will be empowered by the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed to make 
appropriate amendments to the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (including instructing the Issuer Security Trustee 
in respect of the Issuer Common Documents) to reflect the appointment by the Issuer of a second rating agency to 
provide a rating in respect of the Class A Notes. 
15. 
Class A Note Trustee Protections 
(a) 
Trustee considerations 
Subject to Class A Condition 15(b) (“—Exercise of rights by Class A Note Trustee”), in connection with the 
exercise, under these Class A Conditions, the Class A Note Trust Deed, any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, of 
its rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including any modification, consent, waiver or authorisation), the 
Class A Note Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the holders of the Class A Notes then outstanding provided 
that, if, in the Class A Note Trustee’s opinion, there is a conflict of interest between the holders of two or more Sub-
Classes of Class A Notes, it shall have regard to the interests of the holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes then 
outstanding with the greatest Principal Amount Outstanding and will not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for the holders of other Sub-Classes of Class A Notes or, in any event, have regard to the consequences for 
individual Class A Noteholders, resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory. The Class A Note Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require from the Issuer, nor shall any Class A Noteholders be entitled to claim from the Issuer, the Class A Note 
Trustee, any indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence (including any tax consequence) for 
individual Class A Noteholders of any such exercise. 
(b) 
Exercise of rights by Class A Note Trustee 
Subject as provided in these Class A Conditions and the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Note Trustee 
will exercise its rights under, or in relation to, the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Class A Conditions, and any Issuer 
Class A Transaction Documents in accordance with the directions of the relevant Class A Noteholders, but the Class A 
Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any such action unless it has (i) (a) been so requested in writing by the holders 
of at least 25% in nominal amount of the Class A Notes outstanding or (b) been so directed by a Class A Extraordinary 
Resolution and (ii) been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
16. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Class A Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective addresses in the Class 
A Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting. Other notices to Class A Noteholders will be valid if 
published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London and Ireland (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times and the Irish Times, respectively). The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange and any other listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Class A Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice 
(other than to holders of Class A Registered Notes as specified above) shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Class A Couponholders and Class A Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Class A Bearer Notes in accordance with this Class A Condition 16. 
So long as any Class A Notes are represented by Class A Global Notes, notices in respect of those Class A 
Notes may be given only by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for communication by them 
to entitled account holders in substitution for publication in a daily newspaper with general circulation in London and

--- Page 269 ---
249 
  
Ireland (which is expected to be the Financial Times and the Irish Times, respectively). Such notices shall be deemed to 
have been received by the Class A Noteholders on the day of delivery to such clearing systems. 
The Class A Note Trustee will provide the Rating Agency, at its request, from time to time and provided that 
the Class A Note Trustee will not contravene any law or regulation in so doing, with all notices, written information and 
reports that the Class A Note Trustee makes available to the Class A Noteholders except to the extent that such notices, 
information or reports, contain information confidential to third parties. 
17. 
Indemnification of The Class A Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee 
(a) 
Indemnification of the Class A Note Trustee 
The Class A Note Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Class A Note Trustee, and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any action including taking proceedings against 
the Issuer and/or any other person unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Issuer 
Deed of Charge contains provisions for indemnification of the Issuer Security Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from enforcing the Issuer Security unless it has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Class A Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge also contain provisions pursuant to which the 
Class A Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and their related companies are entitled, amongst other things, to 
(a) enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any other party to any of the Issuer Class A Transaction 
Documents and to act as trustees for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
and/or any other party to any of the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents, (b) exercise and enforce its rights, comply 
with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such 
trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Class A Noteholders, and (c) retain and not be 
liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
(b) 
Directions, Duties and Liabilities 
The Class A Note Trustee, in the absence of its own wilful default, gross negligence or fraud, and in all cases 
when acting as directed by or subject to the agreement of the Class A Noteholders shall not in any way be responsible 
for any loss, costs, damages or expenses or other liability, which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of any 
consent, waiver, power, trust, authority or discretion vested in the Class A Note Trustee pursuant to these Class A 
Conditions, any Issuer Class A Transaction Document or any ancillary document. 
18. 
[deleted] 
19. 
Limited Recourse 
Notwithstanding any other Class A Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, 
all obligations of the Issuer to the Class A Noteholders are limited in recourse to the property, assets and undertakings 
of the Issuer that are the subject of any security created by the Issuer Deed of Charge (the “Issuer Secured Property”). 
If, following any Class A Note Event of Default (whether on a Final Maturity Date or before) and the delivery of an 
Issuer Security Enforcement Notice, all sums due under the Class A Notes have not been repaid in full and: 
(a) 
there is no Issuer Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted into 
cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the relevant 
obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge; and 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the Issuer Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the Class A Notes (including payments 
of principal and interest), 
then the Class A Noteholders shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to 
them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or premium (if any) and/or 
interest in respect of the Class A Notes) and such unpaid amounts shall be discharged in full and any relevant payment 
rights shall be deemed to cease. 
If Escrow Arrangements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for any Sub-
Class of Class A Notes, from the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes up to (but excluding) 
the relevant Class A Closing Date for the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes, notwithstanding any other Class A 
Condition or any provision of any Issuer Class A Transaction Document, all obligations of the Issuer to the relevant

--- Page 270 ---
250 
  
holders of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes are limited in recourse to the property, assets and undertakings of the Issuer 
that are the subject of any security created by the Escrow Security Deed of Charge (the “Escrow Secured Property”). 
If, following any Class A Note Event of Default (prior to the relevant Class A Closing Date) and the delivery of an 
enforcement notice in accordance with the relevant Escrow Security Deed of Charge, all sums due under the relevant 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes have not been repaid in full and: 
(a) 
there is no Escrow Secured Property remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted into 
cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property have been applied to meet or provide for the relevant 
obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Escrow Security Deed of Charge; and 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the Escrow Secured Property to pay in full, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Escrow Security Deed of Charge, all amounts outstanding under the relevant Sub-Class of 
Class A Notes (including payments of principal and interest), 
then the relevant holders of the Sub-Class of Class A Notes shall have no further claim against the Issuer in 
respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of 
principal and/or premium (if any) and/or interest in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes) and such unpaid 
amounts shall be discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
20. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupons, the Class A 
Receipts, the Class A Talons (if any) and the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer Jersey 
Share Security Agreement) and all non- contractual or other obligations arising from or in connection with such 
documents are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The Issuer Jersey Share Security 
Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Jersey law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England and Wales are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute that may arise out of 
or in connection with the Class A Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupons, 
the Class A Receipts, the Class A Talons and the other Issuer Class A Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer 
Jersey Share Security Agreement which is governed by Jersey law) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupons, the Class A Receipts, the Class A Talons 
(if any) and/or the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents may be brought in such courts. the Issuer has in each of the 
Issuer Class A Transaction Documents to which it is a party irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Third-Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Class A Notes or the Class A Note Trust 
Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(d) 
Rights Against the Issuer 
Under the Class A Note Trust Deed, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to interests in the Class A Notes will (subject to 
the terms of the Class A Note Trust Deed) acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Class A Global Note became void, they had been the registered holders of Class 
A Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Class A Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Class A Conditions of the Class A Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of a Class A Registered Global Note. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, as being entitled to an interest in a Class A Global Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing 
system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer, to such Accountholder 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Class A Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which,

--- Page 271 ---
251 
  
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Class A Global Note will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) 
from time to time. For so long as the relevant Class A Notes are represented by a Class A Global Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer. 
21. 
Definitions 
In these Class A Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means: 
(a) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Class A Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by a Class A Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Deposited Class A Notes have been deposited with such Class A Paying 
Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
close of business (London time) on the Voting Date; and 
(B) 
the surrender to such Class A Paying Agent, not less than 24 hours before the 
Voting Date of the receipt for the Deposited Class A Notes and notification thereof 
by such Class A Paying Agent to the Class A Note Trustee; 
(iii) 
certifying that the depositor of each Deposited Class A Note or a duly authorised person on 
its behalf has instructed the relevant Class A Paying Agent that the Votes attributable to such 
Deposited Class A Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class A Voting Matter and 
that, until the end of the Voting Period, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(iv) 
listing the aggregate principal amount and (if in definitive form) the serial numbers of the 
Deposited Class A Notes, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have 
been given to Vote for, or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(v) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Deposited Class A Notes in 
connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with such instructions and the 
provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
(b) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Class A Registered Notes: 
(i) 
a document in the English language issued by the Class A Registrar or the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
certifying: 
(A) 
(where the Class A Registered Notes are represented by a Global Note) that certain 
specified Class A Registered Notes (each a “Blocked Note”) have been blocked in 
an account with a clearing system and will not be released until close of business 
(London time) on the Voting Date and that the holder of each Blocked Note or a 
duly authorised person on its behalf has instructed the Class A Registrar that the 
Votes attributable to such Blocked Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class 
A Voting Matter; or 
(B) 
(where the Class A Registered Notes are represented by Class A Registered 
Definitive Notes) that each registered holder of certain specified Class A Registered 
Notes (each a “Relevant Note”) or a duly authorised person on its behalf has 
instructed the Class A Registrar that that Votes attributable to each Relevant Note 
held by it are to be cast in a particular way on such Class A Voting Matter; and 
in each case that, until the end of the Voting Period, such instructions may not be amended 
or revoked;

--- Page 272 ---
252 
  
(iii) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of the Blocked Class A Notes and the Relevant Class 
A Notes, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to 
Vote for, or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(iv) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Blocked Class A Notes and the 
Relevant Class A Notes in connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with 
such instructions and the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in sterling, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
currency deposits in London); 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London and each (if any) additional 
city or cities specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments, in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency 
(which in the case of a payment in U.S. Dollars shall be New York) and in each (if any) additional 
city or cities specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; and 
(d) 
otherwise, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in 
London. 
“Business Day Convention” means the business day convention specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class A Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Class A Interest Rate and a Class A Note 
Interest Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is so 
specified, the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period (or if 
the specified currency is sterling the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period) (as adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention (as defined above) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus). 
“Class A Initial Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Interest Rate” means the Class A Initial Interest Rate or the Class A Revised Interest Rate, as the 
case may. 
“Class A Note Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Class A Revised Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class A Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any Obligor STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class A Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class A Noteholders to the Class A Note Trustee (in its capacity as 
the Secured Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the 
voting category made by the Holdco Group Agent in an Obligor STID Proposal, and/or (where the 
Issuer is an Affected Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched 
Right;

--- Page 273 ---
253 
  
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (whether or not constituting a Class A Note Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified: 
(i) 
If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
or, if none if is so specified the Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, 
and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Note Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months 
of 30 days (unless (1) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30 day month, or (2) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month)); and 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “EuroNote Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 
days, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the final Calculation Period, the last day of such period is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month). 
“euro” means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States. 
“Expected Maturity Date” has, in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the meaning given to it in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 274 ---
254 
  
“Final Maturity Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as the 
final date on which the principal amount of the Class A Note is due and payable. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or suspends making payments 
on any of its debts after taking into account amounts available to it under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement at the relevant time; 
(b) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the commencement of negotiations by the Issuer with one or more creditors of the Issuer with a view 
to rescheduling any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes “bankrupt” within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 
1954; 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken (whether out of court or 
otherwise) in relation to: 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or a 
Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) in 
relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the 
Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) taking possession of the 
whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition or compromise (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditors (or any class of 
creditors) of the Issuer, a reorganisation of the Issuer, the winding up of the Issuer, a 
conveyance to or assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Issuer (or any class of 
creditors) or the making of an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection 
from the creditors of the Issuer (or any class of creditors); or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction; or 
(f) 
any distress, execution, diligence, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed 
upon or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (excluding by the 
Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Issuer Deed of Charge) and such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not 
being discharged or otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days. 
“NIG LAN Notice” means a notice from the Obligor Security Trustee to the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors requesting an instruction from the Note Instructing Group or the Class A Instructing Group, as the case may 
be, in the form of a resolution of the Note Instructing Group or the Class A Instructing Group, as applicable as to 
whether it should consent to or approve a Distressed Disposal of a Permitted Business and/or deliver a Loan 
Acceleration Notice to accelerate all of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“NIG LAN Resolution” means: 
(a) 
a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a majority of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who have participated in the vote 
on such NIG LAN Resolution, provided that the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class 
A Notes which have approved such NIG LAN Resolution represents more than 50% of all Class A 
Notes then outstanding; or 
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Class A Notes which resolution in writing may be

--- Page 275 ---
255 
  
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Note Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes, the earlier of (a) the date on 
which all amounts in respect of the Class A Notes have been paid, and (b) five days after the date on which all of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding has been received by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as the 
case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Class A Noteholders in accordance with Class A Condition 
16 (“—Notices”). 
“Obligor STID Proposal” means, for the purposes of the Class A Noteholder voting mechanics in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed: 
(a) 
an Ordinary Voting Matter; 
(b) 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(c) 
a Direction Notice; 
(d) 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(e) 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(f) 
a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice; 
(g) 
a NIG LAN Notice; 
(h) 
a proposal giving rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor 
Secured Creditor; 
(i) 
an instruction required in accordance with the STID; and 
(j) 
a request under the STID to hold a physical meeting of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Communities (as amended), and 
“Participating Member States” means all of them. 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which the TARGET2 system is 
open and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Relevant Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in relation to a Class A Note or a Sub-Class, the original face value 
thereof less any repayment of principal made to the relevant Class A Noteholders in respect of such Class A Note or 
Sub-Class. 
“Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors” means the holders of the Class A Notes and each Issuer Hedge 
Counterparty that is party to an Issuer Hedging Agreement in respect of the Class A Notes. 
“Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt” means the sum of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A 
Notes and (ii) the mark to market value of all transactions arising under Issuer Hedging Agreements in respect of the

--- Page 276 ---
256 
  
Class A Notes to the extent that such value represents an amount which would be payable to the relevant Issuer Hedge 
Counterparties if an early termination date was designated at relevant date in respect of such transactions as determined 
by the relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Issuer Hedging Agreements, as certified by the 
relevant Issuer Hedge Counterparty to the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Redemption Amount” means the amount provided under Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional 
Redemption”), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Reference Date” means the date which is three Business Days prior to the despatch of the notice of 
redemption under Class A Condition 7(c) (“—Optional Redemption”) or Class A Condition 7(e), as the case may be. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the currency in which the 
Class A Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Class A Note, the financial centre specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
Relevant Rate is most closely connected as determined by the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable). 
“Relevant Rate” means the offered rate for a Representative Amount of the Relevant Currency for a period (if 
applicable) equal to the Specified Duration (or such other rate as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus). 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Class A Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or, if none is specified, the 
local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Relevant Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any rate to be determined on a Class A Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as such or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Specified Denomination” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin or any other or further 
stock exchange(s) on which any Class A Notes from time to time may be listed and references to the relevant Stock 
Exchange shall, in relation to any Class A Notes, be references to the Stock Exchange on which such Class A Notes 
are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“sub-unit” means in the case of any currency, the lowest amount of such currency that was available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 system is open. 
“TARGET2 system” means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
system (TARGET or TARGET2). 
“Vote” means an instruction from a Class A Noteholder to the Class A Note Trustee to vote on its behalf in 
respect of a Class A Voting Matter, such instructions to be given in accordance with the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Voting Closure Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Ordinary STID Resolution, the date on which the Obligor Security Trustee has 
received votes sufficient to pass such Ordinary STID Resolution pursuant to the; and 
(b) 
in relation to an Extraordinary STID Resolution, the date on which the Obligor Security Trustee has 
received votes sufficient to pass such Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant to the STID. 
“Voting Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a STID Proposal:

--- Page 277 ---
257 
  
(i) 
in respect of a Decision Period, the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of such 
Decision Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Decision Period that is extended in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter or an 
Extraordinary Voting Matter in accordance with the relevant provisions of the STID, means 
the last date of such extended Decision Period; and 
(b) 
in respect of any other Class A Voting Matter, the date set out in the relevant Voting Notice. 
“Voting Period” means the period ending on the Voting Date or, if earlier, the date of the Voting Notice 
issued by the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of such Voting Matter (if applicable).

--- Page 278 ---
258 
  
FORMS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
Class A Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Sub-Classes 
comprising either Class A Bearer Notes or Class A Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. The Class A Notes may comprise one or more Sub-Classes. 
Class A Bearer Notes 
Each Sub-Class of Class A Notes initially issued in bearer form will be issued either as a Temporary Global 
Note, without Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, or a Permanent Global Note, without 
Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Bearer 
Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A 
Notes to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class. Each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be delivered on or prior to the Issue 
Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Class A Global Notes issued in respect of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes are in NGN form, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether or not such Bearer Class 
A Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Bearer Class A Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes in bearer form the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) 
or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the 
Class A Notes or, if the Class A Notes do not have a maturity of more than 1 year, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being represented 
by “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Class A Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note, without Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons or Class A Talons attached, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, payments of interest in respect of the Class A Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the 
specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Class A Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the aggregate initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note and any Temporary Global Note representing a fungible Sub-Class of Class A Notes with the Sub-Class of Class 
A Notes represented by the first Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 279 ---
259 
  
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form (each, 
a “Definitive Note”): 
(i) 
if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee is available; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors of the Issuer 
has been given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Class A 
Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after the 
Issue Date of such Class A Notes. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Class A Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Class A Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Class A Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Class A Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Class A Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the 
Class A Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Class A Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Class A Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note 
so exchanged to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the presentation (and in the case of final exchange, 
surrender) of the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after the issue of such Class A Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify the form of Class A Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes”, such Temporary Global Notes and Class A Definitive Notes 
may only be issued and traded in denominations equal to the Specified Denomination and integral multiples thereof. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Class A Notes as being “Permanent 
Global Note exchangeable for Class A Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or 
that TEFRA does not apply, then the Class A Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Class A Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Class A Note Trustee is available; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors of the Issuer 
has been given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Class A Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Class A

--- Page 280 ---
260 
  
Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Class A 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after the 
Issue Date of such Class A Notes. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes, such Class A Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denominations(s) only. Noteholders who hold Class A Notes in the relevant clearing system in 
amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the 
relevant date of exchange, a principal amount of Class A Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of a 
Specified Denomination in order to receive a Class A Definitive Note in respect of their holding. 
Conditions applicable to the Class A Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Class A Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Class A Note and 
will consist of the Class A Conditions set out under “—Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes” above and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus which complete those Class A Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Class A Global Note will differ from those Class A Conditions 
which would apply to the Class A Definitive Note to the extent described under “—Provisions Relating to the Class A 
Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
Class A Global Notes and Class A Definitive Notes having a maturity of more than 1 year and any Class A 
Receipts, Class A Coupons and Class A Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect unless the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that TEFRA does 
not apply: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Class A Note, Class A 
Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or redemption of such Class A Note, Class A Receipt, Class A Coupon or Class A Talon and any gain (which 
might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
Class A Notes issued in bearer form will only be transferable in accordance with the procedures of the 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (as applicable). 
Class A Registered Notes 
Any Registered Note will be represented on issue by a Class A Registered Global Note in the case of Class A 
Registered Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Class A Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a Common Depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the name or a 
nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.  
Beneficial interests in a Class A Registered Global Note may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their participants at any time. See “—Book-Entry Clearance Procedure”. 
Beneficial interests in Class A Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set out 
in this Base Prospectus and in the Class A Agency Agreement, and such Class A Registered Global Notes will bear the 
applicable legends regarding such restrictions. 
Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in Class A Registered 
Global Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated Class A Notes. 
Exchange for Class A Registered Definitive Notes 
Each Class A Regulation S Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Individual Exchange Date (as defined below), in whole but not in part, for definitive Class A Notes in fully registered 
form (a “Class A Registered Definitive Note”):

--- Page 281 ---
261 
  
(i) 
in the case of a Class A Registered Global Note that is held (directly or indirectly) on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Class A 
Note Trustee is available; 
(ii) 
[Reserved]; and 
(iii) 
in any case, if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Class A Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect from two Directors 
of the Issuer has been given to the Class A Note Trustee. 
The Class A Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, Class A Registered Global 
Notes for Class A Registered Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
If only one of the Class A Registered Global becomes exchangeable for Class A Registered Definitive Notes in 
accordance with the above paragraphs, transfers of Class A Notes may not take place between, on the one hand, persons 
holding Class A Registered Definitive Notes issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the Exchanged Class A 
Registered Global Notes and on the other hand, persons wishing to purchase beneficial interests in the other Class A 
Registered Global Notes. 
“Individual Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 30 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Class A 
Registrar and any Class A Transfer Agent is located. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Class A Registered Global Note shall be exchanged in full for Class A 
Registered Definitive Notes and the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer (but against such indemnity as the Class A 
Registrar or any relevant Class A Transfer Agent may require in respect of any Tax or other duty of whatever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange), cause sufficient Class A Registered Definitive 
Notes to be executed and delivered to the Class A Registrar for completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant 
Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Class A Registered Global Note must provide the Class A Registrar with 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Class A Registrar may require to 
complete, execute and deliver such Class A Registered Definitive Notes. 
Legends and Transfers 
The holder of a Class A Registered Definitive Note may transfer the Class A Notes represented thereby in 
whole or in part in the applicable minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Class A 
Registrar or any Class A Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. 
Provisions Relating to the Class A Notes while in Global Form 
Class A Global Notes will contain provisions that apply to the Class A Notes which they represent, some of 
which modify the effect of the Class A Conditions of the Class A Notes as set out in this Base Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(i) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Class A Global Note that is required by the 
Class A Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the principal amount of the relevant Class A Global Note. 
(ii) 
Notices: So long as any Class A Notes are represented by a Class A Global Note and such Class A 
Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system, notices to the Class A Noteholders may be given, subject always to listing requirements, by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system for communication by it to entitled Accountholders in substitution for publication as provided 
in the Class A Conditions. Such notices shall be deemed to have been received by the Class A 
Noteholders on the date of delivery to such clearing systems. 
(iii) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Class A Global Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Class A Register on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Class A Global Note is being held is open for business.

--- Page 282 ---
262 
  
(iv) 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Class A Global Notes which, according to the Class A 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Class A Note or Class A Coupon, will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Class A Global Note to or to the order of any Class A Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Class A 
Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Class A 
Global Notes, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and the payment 
is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(v) 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Class A 
Condition 21 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Definitions”), while all the Class A 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Bearer Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a 
Temporary Global Note) or a Class A Registered Global Note and the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Class A Registered 
Global Note is deposited with a depositary or a Common Depositary or a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “Payment 
Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day on which the TARGET2 system is open and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre. 
(vi) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: For so long as all of the Class A Notes are represented by one 
or both of the Class A Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Class A Notes to be redeemed will be required under Class 
A Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) in the event that the Issuer exercises its option pursuant to 
Class A Condition 7(c) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation—Optional Redemption”) in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the 
Class A Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial redemption will be effected pro rata 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 283 ---
263 
  
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURE 
The information set out below has been obtained from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the 
“Clearing Systems”). The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information from 
information published by the Clearing Systems and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. In particular, such information is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of 
the rules, regulations and procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect and investors wishing to use the 
facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are therefore advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The information set out below is applicable to any 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes held by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of each Sub-Class of the Class A Notes and cross-market transfers of the Class A Notes 
associated with secondary market trading. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their 
customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer 
between their respective accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other 
institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Investors 
may hold their interests in Class A Global Notes directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are 
accountholders (“Direct Participants”) or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and together with Direct Participants, 
“Participants”) through organisations which are accountholders therein. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders. 
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, is available to other institutions which clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, also deal with domestic 
securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial institutions including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Book-entry ownership 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Each Bearer Global Note will have an ISIN and a common code and will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Common Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable). Each Class A Registered Global Note will have an ISIN and a common code 
and will be registered in the name of a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a 
Common Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable). 
Payments and relationship of participants with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a Class A 
Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Class A Global Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Class A Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer expects that, upon receipt of any payment in respect of Class A 
Notes represented by a Class A Global Note and/or the Common Depositary, by whom such Class A Note is held, or 
nominee in whose name it is registered, will immediately credit the relevant participants’ or accountholders’ accounts in 
the relevant Clearing System with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the 
principal amount of the relevant Class A Global Note shown on the records of the relevant Clearing System or its 
nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by Direct Participants in any Clearing System to owners of beneficial 
interests in any Class A Global Note held through such Direct Participants in any Clearing System will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Class A Notes for so long as the Class A Notes are represented by such Class 
A Global Note and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder, as the case may 
be, of such Class A Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 284 ---
264 
  
Settlement and transfer of Class A Notes 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the nominee of their common depositary is the registered 
holder of a Global Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Class A Notes represented by such Class A Global Note for all purposes under the Class 
A Agency Agreement and the Class A Notes. Payments of principal, premium (if any), interest and additional amounts 
(if any) in respect of Class A Global Notes will be made to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such nominee, as 
the case may be, as the registered holder thereof. None of the Issuer, any Obligor, the Class A Note Trustee, any Class 
A Agent, the Dealers or any affiliate of any of them or any person by whom any of them is controlled for the purposes 
of the Securities Act will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made 
on account of beneficial ownership interests in Class A Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Distributions of principal, premium (if any) and interest with respect to book-entry interests in the Class A 
Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, from the Class A Principal Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, customers in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures. 
Payments on the Class A Notes will be paid to the holder shown on the Class A Register on the close of 
business the business day before the due date for such payment so long as the Class A Notes are represented by a Class 
A Global Note, and on the close of business the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment if 
the Class A Notes are in the form of Definitive Notes (the “Record Date”). 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable Clearing System, purchases of Class A Notes held 
within a Clearing System must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Class A 
Notes on the clearing system’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Class A Note (the 
“Beneficial Owner”) will in turn be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from any clearing system of their purchase, but 
Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial Owner entered into 
the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in Class A Notes held within the clearing system will be effected by entries 
made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in such Class A Notes, unless and until interests in any Class A Global Note held 
within a clearing system are exchanged for Class A Definitive Notes. 
No clearing system has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Class A Notes held within such 
clearing system, and its records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Class A 
Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for 
keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the 
clearing systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive 
form. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Class A Global Note to such persons may be limited. Because 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, can only act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having 
an interest in a Class A Global Note to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant 
clearing system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical 
certificate in respect of such interest. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
will be reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. As necessary, the Class A Registrar will adjust the 
amounts of Class A Notes on the Class A Register for the accounts of the nominee of the common depositary to reflect 
the amounts of Class A Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg . Beneficial ownership in the Class 
A Notes will be held through financial institutions as direct and indirect participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Beneficial interests in the Class A Registered Global Note will be in uncertificated book-entry form.

--- Page 285 ---
265 
  
Trading between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg Accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Class A Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional EuroNotes. 
Although the foregoing sets out the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in order to 
facilitate the transfers of interests in the Class A Notes among the participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, none of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform 
such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, any Obligor, the Class A 
Note Trustee, any Class A Agent, the Dealers or any affiliate of any of them or any person by whom any of them is 
controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act, will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the 
arrangements described above. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
Purchasers of the Class A Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices, and purchasers of the 
Class A Notes between the relevant date of pricing and the Issue Date should consult their own advisers.

--- Page 286 ---
266 
  
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Class A Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Class A Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Class A Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Class A Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Class A Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Class A Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Class A Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Class A Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Class A Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Class A Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Class A Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
AA Bond Co Limited 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2138002EPF6QVRZBMC58 
Issue of [Sub-Class A—[]] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of tranche] Fixed Rate Class A Notes 
under the £5,000,000,000 multicurrency Programme for the issuance of Class A Notes 
PART A—CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus which [together] constitute[s] a base

--- Page 287 ---
267 
  
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as supplemented by Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). [This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Class A Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.](1) Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Class A Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplemental base prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [] and copies may be obtained from the Specified 
Office of the Class A Paying Agents. 
1. Issuer: 
[] 
2. (i) 
Sub-Class and Tranche Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Date on which the Class A Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Class A Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with [] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about []]. 
3. Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount of Class A Notes: 
 
(i) Sub-Class: 
[] 
5. Issue Price: 
[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []] 
6. (i) Specified Denominations 
[] [€/£[100,000]/$[200,000] and integral multiples of 
[€/£/$[1,000]] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€/£[99,000] /$[199,000]]. No Class A Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination of 
integral multiples above [€/£ [99,000]/$[199,000]].] 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[€/£/$][1,000] 
7. (i)         Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) Class A Interest Commencement Date: 
[] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
8. (i) 
Expected Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [] 
(ii) 
Cash Accumulation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Cash Accumulation Period 
[[] months prior to the Final Maturity Date of the 
Corresponding Class A IBLA Advance] [Not 
Applicable] 
Required Accumulation Percentage 
[[]%] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[] 
9. Instalment Date: 
[Not Applicable] [] 
10. Interest Basis: 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes  
 
1 
To be included only if the Class A Notes are to be admitted to listing on the Official List, and to trading on the regulated market, 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) or other regulated market for purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 288 ---
268 
  
11. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Expected Maturity/Final Redemption]  
 
[Instalment] 
12. Call Options: 
Issuer Optional Redemption—[Class A Condition 7(c) 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
Class B Call Option—Class A Condition 7(h) applies 
Modified Optional Redemption—[Class A Condition 
7(k) applies] [Not applicable] 
13. [Date [Board] approval for issuance of Class A 
Notes obtained: 
[] and [] respectively]] 
14. Method of Syndication: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(i) 
Name of Dealer(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Name of Stabilising Manager 
[] 
15. [Fallback provisions:] 
[[] [Not Applicable]] 
16. [Relevant Financial Centre:] 
[[] [Not Applicable]] 
17. [Additional Financial Centre(s):] 
[[] [Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Class A Initial Interest Rate: 
[]%  per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) Class A Revised Interest Rate: 
[]% per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(v) Class A Note Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date] [[] per Calculation Amount [in respect 
of each Class A Note Interest Period [from (and 
including) the first Interest Payment Date] up to (but 
excluding) the Expected Maturity Date and [] in respect 
of each Class A Note Interest Period from (and including 
the Expected Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Final 
Maturity Date]] 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 or Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 Fixed] [Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360 or 
Note basis] [30E/360 or Euro Note Basis] 
(vii) Reference Gilt: 
[] [The Treasury stock whose modified duration most 
closely matches that of the Class A Notes on the 
Reference Date with the advice of three persons

--- Page 289 ---
269 
  
operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the Issuer 
and approved by the Class A Note Trustee)]  
(viii) Comparable German Bund Issue: 
[] [The German Bund whose modified duration most 
closely matches that of the Class A Notes on the 
Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the German Bund market (selected by the 
Issuer and approved by the Class A Note Trustee)] 
(ix) Comparable United States Treasury Securities: 
[] [The Treasury Rate whose modified duration most 
closely matches that of the Class A Notes on the 
Reference Date with the advice of three persons 
operating in the Treasury Securities Market (selected by 
the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee)] 
19. [Reserved] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. Issuer Optional Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition 
[7(c)]] [Not Applicable] 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
Any Interest Payment Date [falling on or after [] and at 
a premium of [].] 
(ii) Redemption Amount(s) of each Class A Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in Class A 
Condition 7(c)]] 
(iii) Redemption Margin 
[] 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(v) Notice period: 
[] 
21. Modified Optional Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition 
[7(k)]] [Not Applicable] 
(i) Call Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) Redemption Amount(s) of each Class A Note: 
[] 
(iii) Notice Period: 
[] 
22. [Escrow Arrangements: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Special Mandatory Redemption  
[Applicable in accordance with Class A Condition [7(l)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Escrow Longstop Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
Escrow Release Conditions: 
[] 
(iv) 
Special Mandatory Redemption Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Special Mandatory Redemption Price: 
[]]

--- Page 290 ---
270 
  
23. Redemption Amount of each Class A Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [For purposes of Class A 
Condition 7(c) and 7(e), as set out in Class A Condition 
7(c)]] 
24. Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early redemption [or 
on Special Mandatory Redemption]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
25. Form of Class A Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
(i) 
If issued in Bearer form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C Rules apply).] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (neither TEFRA C Rules 
nor TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Temporary Global Note (TEFRA C Rules apply).] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Temporary Global Note (TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Temporary Global Note (neither TEFRA C Rules 
nor TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C Rules apply).] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Class A 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note (neither TEFRA C Rules 
nor TEFRA D Rules apply).] 
(ii) 
If Class A Registered Notes: 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Registered Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Regulation S Global Note

--- Page 291 ---
271 
  
26. New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
27. Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [] 
28. Class A Talons for future Class A Coupons or Class 
A Receipts to be attached to Class A Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Class A Talons 
mature): 
[No][Yes]. If yes, the Class A Talons mature on []. 
29. Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[N/A] 
(i) Instalment Date: 
[] 
(ii) Instalment Amount: 
[] 
30. U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2, (In the case of Class A 
Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not 
Applicable] (In the case of Registered Notes)] 
[THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: 
Duly authorised 
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing 
[Ireland] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Class A Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from []. 
 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
(trading as Euronext Dublin) by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Class A Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market and 
this is expected to be effective from []. 
 
[Not Applicable]  
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Class A Notes to be issued [have been] [are 
expected to be] rated:  
 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”): []

--- Page 292 ---
272 
  
 
[add meaning of any rating provided, if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[]/[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Class A Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
[5 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Class A Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme and 
the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Class A Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if any): 
[] 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Class A Notes are capable of meeting them, the Class A 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Class A Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.

--- Page 293 ---
273 
  
DESCRIPTION OF LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS 
Banco Santander S.A., London Branch 
Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Bank of Spain (Banco de España) 
and is deemed authorised under the UK Temporary Permissions Regime by the PRA. Banco Santander S.A., London 
Branch is subject to regulation by the FCA and limited regulation by the PRA. Details of the Temporary Permissions 
Regime, which allows EEA-based firms to operate in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorisation, are 
available on the FCA’s website. 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC (referred to in this section as the “Bank”, and together with its subsidiary undertakings, 
the “Bank Group”) is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability 
of the members of the Bank is limited. It has its registered head office at 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP, United 
Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0)20 7116 1000). The Bank was incorporated on 7 August 1925 under the Colonial 
Bank Act 1925 and on 4 October 1971 was registered as a company limited by shares under the Companies Acts 1948 
to 1967. Pursuant to The Barclays Bank Act 1984, on 1 January 1985, the Bank was re-registered as a public limited 
company and its name was changed from 'Barclays Bank International Limited' to 'Barclays Bank PLC'. The whole of 
the issued ordinary share capital of the Bank is beneficially owned by Barclays PLC. Barclays PLC (together with its 
subsidiary undertakings, the Group or Barclays) is the ultimate holding company of the Group. The Bank’s principal 
activity is to offer products and services designed for larger corporate, wholesale and international banking clients. 
Barclays is a British universal bank with a diversified and connected portfolio of businesses, serving retail and 
wholesale customers and clients globally. The Group’s businesses include consumer banking and payment operations 
around the world, as well as a top-tier, full service, global corporate and investment bank. The Group operates as two 
operating divisions – the Barclays UK division (Barclays UK) and the Barclays International division (Barclays 
International) which are supported by Barclays Execution Services Limited.  Barclays UK consists of UK Personal 
Banking, UK Business Banking and Barclaycard Consumer UK businesses.  These businesses are carried on by 
Barclays Bank UK PLC (BBUKPLC) and certain other entities within the Group. Barclays International consists of 
Corporate and Investment Bank and Consumer, Cards and Payment businesses.  These businesses are carried on by the 
Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as by certain other entities within the Group.  Barclays Execution Services Limited is 
the Group-wide service company providing technology, operations and functional services to businesses across the 
Group. 
The short term unsecured obligations of the Bank are rated A-1 by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, P-1 by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited and the long-term unsecured unsubordinated 
obligations of the Bank are rated A by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, A1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and A+ 
by Fitch Ratings Limited. 
Based on the Barclays Bank Group's audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the 
Barclays Bank Group had total assets of £1,059,731m (2019: £876,672m), loans and advances at amortised cost of 
£134,267m (2019: £141,636m), total deposits at amortised cost of £244,696m (2019: £213,881m), and total equity of 
£53,710m (2019: £50,615m). The profit before tax of the Barclays Bank Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 
was £3,075m (2019: £3,112m) after credit impairment charges of £3,377m (2019: £1,202m). The financial information 
in this paragraph is extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
For the purposes of the Bank’s credit ratings as Liquidity Facility Provider only, the Bank’s credit ratings 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus will be treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ( the “UK CRA Regulation”) as having been issued by Fitch Ratings Limited 
(“Fitch”), Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody's”) and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”), each of which 
is established in the United Kingdom and has been registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings Fitch, 
Moody's and S&P have given in relation to the Bank are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited respectively, each of which is established in the European 
Economic Area (EEA) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).  
BNP Paribas S.A., London Branch  
BNP Paribas S.A., London Branch is part of the BNP Paribas Group, which is supervised by the European 
Central Bank (ECB), the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) and the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF), and is authorised as a credit institution by the ECB and as an investment services provider by the

--- Page 294 ---
274 
  
ACPR in France. It is incorporated in France as a société anonyme and has its registered office at 16 boulevard des 
Italiens, 75009 Paris, France. 
Based upon its audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the BNP Paribas Group 
had total assets of €2,488,491 (2019: €2,164,713m) and total shareholders’ equity of €112,799m (2019: €107,453m). 
Credit Suisse International 
Credit Suisse International (“CSi”), a bank domiciled in England established under English law, was 
incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 1985, on 9 May 1990, with registered no. 2500199. CSi 
was re-registered as an unlimited company under the name "Credit Suisse Financial Products" on 6 July 1990, and was 
renamed "Credit Suisse First Boston International" on 27 March 2000 and "Credit Suisse International" on 16 January 
2006. 
CSi is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse Group AG. CSi's registered head office is in 
London and is located at One Cabot Square, London E14 4QJ and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7888 8888. CSi’s 
legal entity identifier (LEI) is E58DKGMJYYYJLN8C3868. CSi is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA 
and the PRA. 
CSi is an unlimited liability company and, as such, its shareholders have a joint, several and unlimited 
obligation to meet any insufficiency in the assets of CSi in the event of its liquidation. The joint, several and unlimited 
liability of the shareholders of CSi to meet any insufficiency in the assets of CSi will only apply upon liquidation of 
CSi. Therefore, prior to any liquidation of CSi, the creditors may only have the benefit of recourse to the assets of CSi 
and not to those of its shareholders.  
CSi commenced business on 16 July 1990. Its principal business is banking, including the trading of derivative 
products linked to interest rates, foreign exchange, equities, commodities and credit. The primary objective of CSi is to 
provide comprehensive treasury and risk management derivative product services. CSi has established a significant 
presence in global derivative markets through offering a full range of derivative products and continues to develop new 
products in response to the needs of its customers and changes in underlying markets. The business is managed as a part 
of the Global Markets and Investment Banking and Capital Markets Divisions of Credit Suisse AG.  
The liquidity and capital requirements of CSi are managed as an integral part of the wider Credit Suisse 
framework. This includes the local regulatory liquidity and capital requirements in the UK. CSi has direct access to 
funding sources of the Credit Suisse AG group. 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Goldman Sachs International Bank is a UK-domiciled bank involved in lending and deposit-taking activities, 
securities lending, and a primary dealer for European government bonds. The branch’s ultimate parent undertaking and 
controlling entity is The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide 
range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, 
governments and individuals. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (referred to in this section as the “Bank”) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a Delaware corporation whose principal office is located in New York, New 
York. The Bank offers a wide range of banking services to its customers, both domestically and internationally. It is 
chartered and its business is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
Based upon its audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank had total assets 
of $3,386,071m (2019: $2,687,379m) and total stockholder’s equity of $279,354m (2019: $261,330m).

--- Page 295 ---
275 
  
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
If you are a prospective purchaser, you should consult your tax advisor on the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Class A Notes under the laws of your country of citizenship, residence or domicile, 
including the effect of any local taxes applicable to you. The discussions that follow do not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, hold or sell the 
Class A Notes. In particular, this Base Prospectus does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply 
to you. The discussions that follow for each jurisdiction are based upon the applicable laws and their interpretation in 
effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive or retrospective effect. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following is a summary of the UK withholding taxation treatment of payments of interest in respect of the 
Class A Notes as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The comments do not deal with other UK tax aspects of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Class A Notes. The comments are based on current UK law and published HM Revenue & 
Customs (“HMRC”) practice, which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect. They relate only to 
the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Class A Notes and some aspects do not apply to 
certain classes of taxpayer (such as dealers). The summary set out below is a general guide and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. If, as a prospective purchaser, you are in any doubt as to your tax position or may be subject to Tax 
in a jurisdiction other than the UK, you should consult your professional advisors. In particular, Class A Noteholders 
should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of the UK (by direct assessment) or other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Class A Notes even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax under the laws of the UK. 
UK Withholding Tax on interest 
The Class A Notes that we issue will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” within the meaning of section 987 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”) provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange within the 
meaning of section 1005 of the Act or admitted to trading on a “multilateral trading facility” operated by an EEA 
regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of section 987 of the Act). Euronext Dublin has been 
designated as a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. Our understanding of current HMRC practice is that the 
Class A Notes will be treated as listed on Euronext Dublin if they are included in the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. While the Class A Notes are and continue to 
be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest on the Class A Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of UK income tax. 
In all cases falling outside the exemption described above, payments in respect of interest on the Class A Notes 
will be paid under deduction of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject to any direction to the contrary 
by HMRC under any applicable double taxation treaty. The withholding obligation is disapplied in respect of payments 
to holders of the Class A Notes (i) which the Issuer reasonably believes are either a UK resident company or a non UK 
resident company carrying on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment which brings into account the 
interest in computing its UK taxable profits, (ii) fall within various categories enjoying a special tax status (including 
charities and pension funds), or (iii) are partnerships consisting of such persons (unless HMRC direct otherwise). 
However, this obligation to withhold on account of UK income tax will not apply if the relevant interest is paid 
on Class A Notes with a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and which are not issued under 
arrangements the effect of which is to render such Class A Notes part of a borrowing intended to be capable of having a 
total term of one year or more. 
Other Rules relating to UK Withholding Tax 
The reference to “interest” in this UK taxation section means “interest” as understood in United Kingdom tax 
law, and in particular any premium element of the redemption amount of any Class A Notes redeemable at a premium 
may constitute a payment of interest subject to the withholding tax provisions discussed above. In certain cases, the 
same could be true for amounts of discount where Notes are issued at a discount. The statements above do not take any 
account of any different definitions of “interest” or “principal” which may prevail under any other law or which may be 
created by the Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes or any related documentation. Where interest has been paid 
under deduction of UK income tax, Class A Noteholders who are not resident in the UK may be able to recover all or 
part of the tax deducted if there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double tax treaty.  
The above description of the UK withholding tax position assumes that there will be no substitution of the 
Issuer pursuant to Class A Condition 7(d) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Redemption for Taxation or 
Other Reasons”) or Class A Condition 14(b) (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Passing of resolutions by

--- Page 296 ---
276 
  
Class A Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution”) of the Class A Notes and does not consider the tax 
consequences of any such substitution. 
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX 
MATTERS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. EACH PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO 
IT OF AN INVESTMENT IN CLASS A NOTES IN LIGHT OF THE INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Certain Jersey Taxation Considerations 
The following summary of Jersey taxation law in relation to the holding, sale or other disposition of Class A 
Notes by holders of the Class A Notes (other than Jersey residents) and the payment of interest in respect of the Class A 
Notes to holders of the Class A Notes (other than residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law as it is understood 
to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not constitute legal or tax advice. The holders of the Class A Notes 
should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, holding, selling or otherwise 
disposing of Class A Notes under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to taxation. The holders of 
Class A Notes should be aware that tax laws, rules and practice and their interpretation may change. 
Under the Jersey Income Tax Law, the Issuer will be regarded as not resident in Jersey under Article 123(1) of 
the Jersey Income Tax Law; provided that (and for so long as) it satisfies the conditions set out in that provision in 
which case the Issuer will not (except as noted below) be liable to Jersey income tax. 
If the Issuer derives any income from the ownership, exploitation or disposal of land/property in Jersey or the 
trade of importing or supplying hydrocarbon oil to or in Jersey, such income will be subject to Jersey income tax at the 
rate of 20 per cent. It is not expected that the Issuer will derive any such income. 
The Issuer will be able to pay interest in respect of the Class A Notes without any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of Jersey tax. Holders of the Class A Notes (other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any 
Jersey tax in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of the Class A Notes. 
Goods and Services Tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the GST Law. Consequently, the Issuer is 
not required to: 
 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax 
in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
Stamp Duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue or transfer of the Class A Notes except that stamp duty is 
payable on Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Class 
A Notes on the death of a holder of such Class A Notes where such Class A Notes are situated in Jersey. Stamp duty of 
up to 0.75% (which is capped at a maximum of £100,000) is payable on the grant of probate or letters of administration 
in Jersey in respect of a deceased natural person (i) who died domiciled in Jersey, on the value of the entire estate 
wherever situated (including any Class A Notes or interests therein) and (ii) otherwise, on the value of so much of the 
estate (including any Class A Notes or interests therein) if any, as is situated in Jersey. Where the Class A Notes are in 
registered form and the register is not maintained in Jersey, such Class A Notes should not be considered to be situated 
in Jersey for these purposes.

--- Page 297 ---
277 
  
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealership Agreement 
Class A Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time in each case acting as principal pursuant to the dealership agreement dated 24 June 
2013 made between, amongst others, the Issuer and certain of the Dealers (the “Dealership Agreement”). The 
arrangements under which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the 
Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in the Dealership Agreement and each Subscription Agreement relating 
to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which such 
Class A Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation 
or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular series or Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
In the Dealership Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and maintenance of the Programme and the issue of Class A Notes under the 
Dealership Agreement and each of the Obligors and the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Dealers may, directly or indirectly through affiliates, have provided investment and/or commercial banking, 
financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and the Obligors and their affiliates from time to time for which they 
have received monetary compensation. The Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative 
transactions with the Obligors and their affiliates, including in relation to the Class A Notes. In addition, the Dealers 
may engage in the future in investment banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory services with the 
Issuer, the Obligors or their affiliates. 
United States of America 
The Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them in Regulation S. 
Class A Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Class A Notes will be offered, sold and delivered 
only outside the United States, to persons who are not U.S. persons, in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has offered and sold, and it will offer or sell the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an 
identifiable tranche of which such Class A Notes are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), only in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts in the United States with respect to Class A Notes, 
and it and they will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer and its affiliates 
agree that, at or prior to confirmation of the sale of Class A Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person 
receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Class A Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice stating that each purchaser is subject to the foregoing restrictions on offers 
and sales. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any tranche of Class A Notes, any offer or sale of 
such Class A Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In respect of Class A Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”), each 
Dealer (i) severally represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period 
it will not offer or sell, Class A Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it

--- Page 298 ---
278 
  
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Class A Notes in bearer form that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer severally represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have 
in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly 
engaged in selling Class A Notes in bearer form are aware that such Class A Notes may not be offered 
or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer severally represents that it is acquiring Class A Notes in 
bearer form for the purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Class 
A Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of 
U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Class A Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose 
of offering or selling such Class A Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer severally repeats and 
confirms the representations and agreements contained in Subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on such 
affiliate’s behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Class A Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, under U.S. 
Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), Class A Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside the 
United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer severally represents and agrees 
that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Class A Bearer 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer 
severally represents and agrees that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if such purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States or its possessions and will not 
otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Class A Bearer Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Due to the restrictions set forth above, purchasers of the Class A Notes are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making an offer to purchase or to re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Class A Notes. 
European Economic Area 
In any Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of any Class A Notes, each Dealer will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Class A Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
In any Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of any Class A Notes, each Dealer will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Class A Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in

--- Page 299 ---
279 
  
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Class A Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Class A Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Class A Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Class A Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Class A Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has severally represented to, and agreed with, the Issuer that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold, or solicited an offer or invitation to purchase, and it will not offer or sell, or solicit an offer or invitation 
to purchase, any Class A Notes, except in compliance with all applicable Jersey laws, orders and regulations. 
General 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that other than having obtained the approval of this Base Prospectus by the 
Central Bank for the Class A Notes to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin no action has been 
or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or any of the other parties that would permit a public offering of the 
Class A Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer shall to the best of its knowledge comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Class A Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific country or jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) in 
the official interpretation, after the date of the Dealership Agreement, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Subscription Agreement (in the case of a supplement or modification 
relevant only to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or in a drawdown prospectus applicable to a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes.

--- Page 300 ---
280 
  
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Class A Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Class A Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Class A Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Class A Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Class A Notes 
and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an 
affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Class A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 
144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of 
any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Class A Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OT OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Class A Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one 
or more Class A Regulation S Global Notes. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance 
Period, before any interest in a Class A Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Class A Regulation 
S Global Note, it will be required to provide the Class A Transfer Agent with a written certification as 
to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(6) 
either (i) it is not and for as long as it holds the Class A Note (or any interest therein) it will not be, 
and is not and will not be acting on behalf of, an “employee benefit plan” as described in Section 3(3) 
of ERISA and subject to Part 4, Subtitle B of Title I of ER1SA, a “plan” as defined in and subject to 
Section 4975 of the Code, an entity whose underlying assets are deemed for purposes of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code to include “plan assets” by reason of such employee benefit 
plan’s or plan’s investment in the entity, or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which 
is subject to any state, local, other federal or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to 
the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar 
Law”), or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Class A Note (or any interest therein) 
does not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of another employee benefit plan subject to Similar Law, is 
not in violation of any Similar Law). Any purported purchase or transfer of Class A Notes (or any 
interest in a Note) that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio.

--- Page 301 ---
281 
  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the granting of the Issuer Security and the issue of Class A Notes 
thereunder have been duly authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer passed at a meeting of the 
board held on 31 May 2013. The update and issue of this Base Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes thereunder 
have been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on or about 30 June 2021.  
The establishment of the Programme and the borrowings of the Borrower and the security provided by the 
Borrower in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Borrower at a meeting of the board held on 31 May 2013. The 
update and issue of this Base Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower passed on or about 30 June 2021. 
The establishment of the Programme and the provision of the guarantee by Holdco in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of the Holdco at a meeting of the board held on 31 May 2013. The update and issue of this Base 
Prospectus and the issue of Class A Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of Holdco passed on or about 30 June 2021. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Class A Notes. 
Clearing and settlement 
The Class A Notes have been or will be accepted for clearing through Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear. The appropriate Common Code, and ISIN for each Sub-Class of Class A Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If the Class A 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing 
system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus and will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be an indication of 
future yield. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in respect of the litigation brought by our former Executive Chairman, Bob Mackenzie, the 
litigation brought against us by former shareholders of Motoriety Limited, a joint venture in which we had invested in 
2015 and the litigation brought against us by Fenchurch Advisory Partners LLP, a previous corporate advisor to the AA 
Group, (see “Risk Factors–Litigation, roadside injuries or death or regulatory inquiries or investigations could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations” and “Business–
Employees and Pension obligations”): 
(a) 
there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects upon the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability; 
(b) 
there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Borrower is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the 
Borrower’s financial position or profitability; and 
(c) 
there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which Holdco is aware) within a period of 12 months preceding the date of

--- Page 302 ---
282 
  
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Holdco 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (a) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects; (b) no significant change 
in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of the Issuer since 31 January 2021, 
save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and 
Industry— The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material impact 
on our business and results of operations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We 
operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of COVID-19 or 
Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”.  
There has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) no significant change in the financial 
position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of the Borrower since 31 January 2021, save for the 
potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry— The 
outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material impact on our business 
and results of operations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and Industry—We operate almost 
exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of COVID-19 or Brexit) may 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations”.  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of Holdco 
since 31 January 2021, save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our 
Business and Industry— The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a 
material impact on our business and results of operations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and 
Industry—We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of 
COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations”.  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of AADL 
since 31 January 2021, save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our 
Business and Industry— The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a 
material impact on our business and results of operations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and 
Industry—We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of 
COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations”.  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects; (b) 
no significant change in the financial position; and (c) no significant change in the financial performance, of AAISL 
since 31 January 2021, save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our 
Business and Industry— The outbreak of COVID-19 (as defined below) has had, and is likely to continue to have, a 
material impact on our business and results of operations” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business and 
Industry—We operate almost exclusively in the UK and difficult conditions in the UK economy (including as a result of 
COVID-19 or Brexit) may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations”.  
Charges and Guarantees 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no outstanding loan capital, borrowings, indebtedness 
or contingent liabilities nor has the Issuer created any mortgages or given any charge or guarantee. 
Underlying Assets 
The Class A IBLAs have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments 
due and payable under the Class A Notes. 
Principal Holdco Group Entities 
AADL and AAISL comprise 58% of Trading EBITDA of the Holdco Group for the year ended 31 January 
2021 and are the main entities which are funding the Borrower.

--- Page 303 ---
283 
  
Documents Available 
For the life of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents are available for inspection on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.theaacorporate.com/investors/bonds/debt-issuance/2021: 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer, the Borrower, Holdco, AADL and AAISL; 
(b) 
the audited accounts of the Issuer, Holdco, the Borrower, AADL and AAISL for each 12-month period 
ended 31 January 2020 and 31 January 2021; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to Class A Notes which are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system;  
(e) 
the Class A Note Trust Deed (including the First Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 23 April 
2014, the Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 November 2016 and the Third 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus); and 
(f) 
the Class A Agency Agreement. 
Material Contracts 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Issuer has not entered into any contract or arrangement not being in the 
ordinary course of business other than the Issuer Transaction Documents. 
None of the Issuer, the Borrower or Holdco has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business, which could result in any of the Issuer, the Borrower or Holdco being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s, the Borrower’s or Holdco’s respective ability to meet its obligations to all secured creditors in 
respect of the Class A Notes being issued. 
Third-party information 
Third-party information referred to in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Business”, “Book-Entry Clearance 
Procedure” and “Description of Liquidity Facility Providers” has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted that could render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. See “Industry and Market Data”. 
Availability of Financial Statements 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and Holdco will be prepared as of 31 January in each 
year. Holdco will provide semi-annual and interim unaudited financial information to various parties under the terms of 
the CTA. All future audited annual financial statements (and any published semi-annual financial information) of the 
Issuer and Holdco will be available free of charge in accordance with “—Documents Available” above.  
Information in respect of the Class A Notes and the underlying collateral 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Class A Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus of each Sub-Class, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Class A Notes admitted to trading or the 
performance of the underlying collateral except for the Investor Report which will be prepared by the Borrower on a 
semi-annual basis and published on the designated website of the Borrower, being http://www.theaa.com and which 
will also be made available at the specified office of the Class A Principal Paying Agent. 
Other Activities of the Dealers  
The Dealers and their respective Affiliates (i) have provided, and may in the future provide, investment 
banking, commercial lending, consulting and financial advisory services to, (ii) have entered into and may, in the future 
enter into, other related transactions with, and (iii) have made or assisted or advised any party to make, and may in the 
future make or assist or advise any party to make, acquisitions and investments in or related to, the Issuer or the 
Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates or other parties that may be involved in or related to the 
transactions contemplated in this Base Prospectus, in each case in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the 
Dealers and their respective Affiliates may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with 
the Issuer and/or the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for

--- Page 304 ---
284 
  
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Obligors and/or their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates. The Dealers 
and/or their respective Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Obligors and/or their respective 
subsidiaries and Affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Obligors and/or their respective 
subsidiaries and Affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers and/or their 
respective Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Class A Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Class A Notes issued under the 
Programme or whether a specified barrier or level is reached. The Dealers and/or their respective Affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. Specifically, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas S.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse 
International and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch act as Liquidity Facility Providers in respect of the 
Liquidity Facility made available to the Issuer and the Borrower under the Liquidity Facility Agreement. The Dealers 
and their respective Affiliates may, in the future, act as Hedge Counterparties. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Class A Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Class A Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Websites 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Legend 
Bearer Notes, Class A Receipts, Class A Talons and Class A Coupons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
substantially to the following effect: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person 
who holds a Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A Receipt or Class A Talon generally will not be allowed to 
deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Class A Bearer Note, Class A Coupon, Class A 
Receipt or Class A Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such 
sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
The Legal Entity Identifiers 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138002EPF6QVRZBMC58. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Borrower is 213800KFT9PATQG4YT68. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of AADL is 213800LX6QDNOW9RVM60. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of AAISL is 213800CL61HQKF6BXA54.

--- Page 305 ---
285 
  
GLOSSARY 
“1999 Regulations” means the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended. 
“2013 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2013. 
“2016 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2016. 
“2018 Senior Term Facility” means the term bank facility agreement entered into on 2 July 2018 between, 
amongst others, the Borrower and Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse International, 
Lloyds TSB Bank plc, BNP Paribas, London Branch. 
“2018 Working Capital Facility” means the working capital facility agreement entered into on 2 July 2018 
between, amongst others, the Borrower and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Bank 
of America, N.A., The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds Bank plc, 
Royal Bank of Canada and UBS AG, London Branch. 
“2019 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2019. 
“2022 Valuation” means the triennial valuation for the AA UK Pension Scheme with an effective date as at 31 
March 2022. 
“AA Corporation” means AA Corporation Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in England and 
Wales with registered number 3797747. 
“AA Intermediate Co Limited” means Holdco. 
“AA Ireland” means AA Ireland Limited, a private company limited by shares registered in Ireland with 
company number 389194. 
“AA Ireland Pension Agreement” means the pension agreement between the Borrower and the AA Ireland 
Pension Trustee dated 28 June 2013. 
“AA Ireland Pension Scheme” means the AA Ireland Pension Scheme which is currently governed by a trust 
deed and rules dated 4 April 2002 (as amended on 31 December 2012). 
“AA Ireland Pension Trustee” means AA Ireland Pension Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of the 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme. 
“AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities” means the amount not exceeding £10,000,000 due and payable as 
“Priority Pensions Liabilities” (as that term is defined in the AA Ireland Pension Agreement as at the date of the Master 
Definitions Agreement) in accordance with the AA Ireland Pension Agreement. 
“AA Limited” means the private limited company incorporated and existing under the laws of England and 
Wales with registered number 05149111. 
“AA or AA Group” means AA Limited and its subsidiaries as a whole or any one or more of its subsidiaries. 
“AA Pension Schemes” means the AA UK Pension Scheme and the AA Ireland Pension Scheme. 
“AA Pension Trustees” means the AA UK Pension Trustee and the AA Ireland Pension Trustee.  
“AA Senior Co Limited” means the Borrower. 
“AA UK Pension Agreement” means the pension agreement between the Borrower and the AA UK Pension 
Trustee dated 28 June 2013. 
“AA UK Pension Scheme” means the AA pension scheme which is currently governed by a trust deed dated 
28 March 2006 (as amended) and the rules dated 27 March 2007 (as amended). 
“AA UK Pension Trustee” means AA Pensions Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of the AA UK 
Pension Scheme and any successor thereto which has acceded to the STID as AA UK Pension Trustee.

--- Page 306 ---
286 
  
“AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities” means, prior to the ABF Implementation Date, the amount not 
exceeding £150,000,000 due and payable as “Priority Pension Liabilities” (as that term is defined in the AA UK 
Pension Agreement as at the date of the Master Definitions Agreement) in accordance with the AA UK Pension 
Agreement or, with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, £0. 
“AADL” means Automobile Association Developments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in 
England and Wales with registered number 1878835. 
“AAISL” means Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited.  
“AAPMP” means our unfunded Post-retirement Private Medical Plan scheme.  
“AAUIC” means AA Underwriting Insurance Company Limited. 
“AAUL” means AA Underwriting Limited. 
“AAUSL” means Automobile Association Underwriting Services Limited. 
“ABF” means the asset-backed funding structure entered into in the context of the actuarial valuation of the 
AA UK Pension Scheme as at 31 March 2013, as referred to in the AA UK Pension Agreement. 
“ABF Implementation Date” means the date of implementation of the ABF by the execution of the amended 
and restated partnership agreement establishing the Partnership on the terms set out in the AA UK Pension Agreement. 
“ABF Intercreditor Deed” means an agreement entitled the “ABF Intercreditor Deed” to be entered into by, 
amongst others, the Partnership, IPCo and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“ABF Security Agreement” means a security agreement entitled the “ABF Security Agreement” to be entered 
into by, amongst others, the Partnership, IPCo and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“ABF Transaction Documents” means the documents to be entered into in the context of implementing the 
ABF including the ABF Intercreditor Deed, the ABF Security Agreement and the loan note between IPCo and the 
Partnership. 
“Acceptable Bank” means a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long term unsecured and 
non-credit enhanced debt obligations of: 
(a) 
in relation to any bank account opened by an Obligor or the Issuer on or prior to the Closing Date, 
BBB- or higher by S&P; or 
(b) 
in relation to any bank account opened by an Obligor or the Issuer after the Closing Date, BBB or 
higher by S&P on the date such account is opened, 
or, in each case, such lower rating as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Rating Agency provided 
that any such lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing on “credit watch 
negative” (or equivalent) of the then current ratings of the Class A Notes. 
“Account Bank” means the Issuer Account Bank or the Borrower Account Bank, as applicable; 
“Accounting Principles” means generally accepted accounting principles, in the case of an Obligor other than 
the Irish Obligor, in the United Kingdom, and in the case of the Irish Obligor, in Ireland, and in each case as at the date 
of the Master Definitions Agreement. 
“Accounting Reference Date” means 31 January in each year, except as adjusted in accordance with the 
CTA.  
“Acromas Group” means Acromas Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, other than Topco, the Holdco 
Group and the Saga Group. 
“ACTA” means ACTA Assistance. 
“Acquisition” means the acquisition by Bidco of the entire issued ordinary share capital of AA Limited 
implemented by the Scheme which became effective on 9 March 2021. 
“Additional Class A Note Amounts” means all Make-Whole Amounts and all other amounts (that do not 
constitute interest or principal) payable by the Issuer under the Class A Conditions.

--- Page 307 ---
287 
  
“Additional Class B Note Amounts” means all additional amounts and all other amounts (that do not 
constitute interest or principal) payable by the Issuer under the Class B Conditions. 
“Additional Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower after the 
Closing Date under an Authorised Credit Facility and provided by an Obligor Secured Creditor in accordance with the 
terms of the CTA and the STID (excluding any Liquidity Facility) provided that: 
(a) 
to the extent such Authorised Credit Facility is for the purpose of refinancing any then existing 
Financial Indebtedness or replacing any then existing commitments in respect of Financial 
Indebtedness that: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the most recent Test Period (in respect of which a Compliance 
Certificate has been delivered) prior to the date such Authorised Credit Facility is entered 
into shall not be less than the Trigger Event Ratio Level, calculated on a pro forma basis (x) 
assuming such refinancing and/or replacement took place at the beginning of that Test Period 
(and in respect of any refinancing or replacement of a Working Capital Facility with another 
Working Capital Facility, that such replacement Working Capital Facility was utilised to the 
same extent as that refinanced or replaced Working Capital Facility during that period) and 
(y) taking into account any other Authorised Credit Facility entered into since the end of that 
Test Period on the same basis as the calculations provided in respect of that Authorised 
Credit Facility; 
(ii) 
there is no CTA Event of Default outstanding or continuing at the date the relevant 
Authorised Credit Facility is entered into and, on such date, no CTA Event of Default would 
occur as a result of the utilisation in full of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
other than in relation to the refinancing or replacement of any Working Capital Facility with 
another Working Capital Facility for the same or a lesser principal amount and with an 
availability period which expires after the Final Maturity Date of the Working Capital 
Facility it refinances or replaces, the Rating Agency has confirmed that any Class A Notes 
then outstanding would immediately following (and taking into account) such refinancing or 
replacement be rated: (x) if the Authorised Credit Facility being refinanced or replaced is a 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility, at least the Initial Rating of the first series of Class A 
Notes from the Rating Agency; or (y) if the Authorised Credit Facility being refinanced or 
replaced is a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, at least the lower of the then current rating 
of those Class A Notes and the Initial Rating of the first series of Class A Notes from the 
Rating Agency; and 
(iv) 
such Authorised Credit Facility shall rank pari passu with or junior to the existing Financial 
Indebtedness it refinances; 
(b) 
to the extent such Authorised Credit Facility is for the purpose of providing incremental Financial 
Indebtedness or commitments in respect of Financial Indebtedness (in each case in excess of such 
amounts at that time) or is for the purpose of refinancing or replacing Financial Indebtedness referred 
to in paragraph (d) of the definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”: 
(i) 
such Authorised Credit Facility shall rank pari passu with any other Authorised Credit 
Facility of the same class (other than a Liquidity Facility); 
(ii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR for the most recent Test Period (in respect of which a Compliance 
Certificate has been delivered) prior to the date such Authorised Credit Facility is entered 
into shall not be less than the Trigger Event Ratio Level, calculated on a pro forma basis (x) 
assuming utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit Facility at the beginning of that Test 
Period and (y) taking into account any other Authorised Credit Facility entered into since the 
end of that Test Period on the same basis as the calculations provided in respect of that 
Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iii) 
there is no CTA Event of Default outstanding or continuing as at the date the relevant 
Authorised Credit Facility is entered into and, on such date, no CTA Event of Default would 
occur as a result of the utilisation in full of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility; 
(iv) 
utilising such Authorised Credit Facility in full would not cause the ratio of Total Class A 
Net Debt as at the most recent Test Date (in respect of which a Compliance Certificate has 
been delivered) to EBITDA for the Test Period ending on that date to exceed 5.5:1,

--- Page 308 ---
288 
  
calculated on a pro forma basis (x) assuming utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit 
Facility on that Test Date but not taking account of any proceeds of that Authorised Credit 
Facility as Cash or Cash Equivalent Investments, (y) taking into account any other 
Authorised Credit Facility referred to in this paragraph (b) entered into since the end of that 
Test Period on the same basis as provided for in this paragraph and (z) taking into account 
any other Authorised Credit Facility which has been repaid or refinanced since the end of 
that Test Period; and 
(v) 
the Rating Agency has confirmed the Class A Notes then outstanding would, immediately 
following (and having taken into account) the utilisation in full of such Authorised Credit 
Facility, be rated at least the Initial Rating of the first series of Class A Notes from the 
Rating Agency. 
“Additional Obligor Secured Creditor” means any person not already an Obligor Secured Creditor which 
becomes an Obligor Secured Creditor. 
“Administrative Receiver” means an administrative receiver as defined in Section 29(2) of the Insolvency 
Act 1986. 
“Affected Obligor Secured Creditor” means each Obligor Secured Creditor (and where the Issuer is the 
relevant Affected Obligor Secured Creditor, each Issuer Secured Creditor (the “Affected Issuer Secured Creditor”)) 
who is affected by an Entrenched Right. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person 
or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company provided that in relation to The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, the term 
“Affiliate” shall not include (i) the UK government or any member or instrumentality thereof, including Her Majesty’s 
Treasury and UK Financial Investments Limited (or any directors, officers, employee or entities thereof) or (ii) any 
persons or entities controlled by or under common control with the UK government or any members or instrumentality 
thereof (including Her Majesty’s Treasury and UK Financial Investments Limited) and which are not part of The Royal 
Bank of Scotland Group plc and its subsidiaries or subsidiary undertakings. 
“Agency Agreement” means the Class A Agency Agreement or the Class B Agency Agreement. 
“Agent” means each of the Principal Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Class A 
Agent Bank, the Registrars or any other agent appointed by the Issuer pursuant to any Agency Agreement or a 
Calculation Agency Agreement and “Agents” means all of them. 
“Aggregate Available Liquidity” means on any Test Date the sum of the aggregate commitments under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement and the balance (if any) on the Debt Service Reserve Account at such Test Date. 
“all of its rights” means: 
(a) 
the benefit of all covenants, undertakings, representations, warranties and indemnities; 
(b) 
all powers and remedies of enforcement and/or protection; 
(c) 
all rights to receive payment of all amounts assured or payable (or to become payable), all rights to 
serve notices and/or to make demands and all rights to take such steps as are required to cause 
payment to become due and payable; and 
(d) 
all causes and rights of action in respect of any breach and all rights to receive damages or obtain 
other relief in respect thereof, 
in each case in respect of the relevant Issuer Secured Property. 
“Annual Financial Statements” means the financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraph 1(a) 
(Financial Statements) of part A (Information Covenants) of schedule 3 (Holdco Group Covenants) to the Common 
Terms Agreement. 
“Anticipated Cost Savings” means, in relation to a Permitted Acquisition, the identifiable and quantifiable net 
cost savings (excluding non-recurring costs) that are reasonably anticipated by Holdco to be realised by the Holdco 
Group in the 12 month period following such Permitted Acquisition but only to the extent such anticipated cost savings 
and the assumptions underlying them (together with reasonably detailed calculations in respect of them) have been 
reviewed and certified as reasonable by (i) the finance director of Holdco if such cost savings are less than £5,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent); or (ii) the auditors of Holdco (or such other third-party professional accountants or

--- Page 309 ---
289 
  
advisers acceptable to the Obligor Security Trustee) if such cost savings are £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) or 
more. 
“Authorisations” means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, 
notarisation or registration. 
“Authorised Credit Facility” means any Class A Authorised Credit Facility or any Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
“Authorised Credit Provider” means a Class A Authorised Credit Provider or a Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider. 
“Authorised Person” has the meaning given to it in section 31 of the FSMA. 
“Available Enforcement Proceeds” means, on any date, all monies received or recovered by the Obligor 
Security Trustee (or any Receiver or Administrative Receiver or administrator appointed by it) in respect of the Obligor 
Security and under the guarantees from the Obligors (but excluding any amounts standing to the credit of or recovered 
by the Obligor Security Trustee from the Defeasance Account, the Mandatory Prepayment Account, any Liquidity 
Facility Standby Account and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium in respect of a 
Hedging Transaction). 
“AVAs” means Added Value Accounts. 
“Bank Debt Sweep Period” means each period ending on the last day of a Financial Year specified in a Class 
A Authorised Credit Facility in respect of which Excess Cashflow is required to be applied towards prepaying the 
outstanding principal amount under that Class A Authorised Credit Facility on each Cash Sweep Payment Date, subject 
to and in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Bank Instructing Group” means the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors excluding the Issuer in its capacity 
as the Class A Authorised Credit Provider under any Class A IBLA. 
“Base Currency” means pounds sterling. 
“Basel II” means the “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards, a Revised 
Framework” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 in the form existing on the date 
of the Master Definitions Agreement but excluding any amendment taking account of or incorporating any measure 
from Basel III. 
“Basel III” means: 
(a) 
the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in “Basel 
III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems”, “Basel III: 
International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring” and “Guidance for 
national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer” published by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated; 
(b) 
the rules for global systemically important banks contained in “Global systemically important banks: 
assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement—Rules text” published by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or 
restated; and 
(c) 
any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating 
to “Basel III”. 
“Basing Topco” means Basing Topco Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of 
Jersey with registered number 132819. 
“Bidco” Basing Bidco Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with 
registered number 132817. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document in the English language issued by a Class A Paying Agent or a 
Class B Paying Agent, as applicable:

--- Page 310 ---
290 
  
(a) 
certifying that the Deposited Class A Notes as applicable, have been deposited with such Class A 
Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
close of business (London time) on the Voting Date; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Class A Paying Agent not less than 24 hours before the Voting Date of 
the receipt for the Deposited Class A Notes and notification thereof by such Class A Paying 
Agent to the Class A Note Trustee; 
(b) 
certifying that the depositor of each Deposited Class A Note or a duly authorised person on its behalf 
has instructed the relevant Class A Paying Agent that the Votes attributable to such Deposited Class 
A Note are to be cast in a particular way on a Class A Voting Matter and that, until the end of the 
Voting Period, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the aggregate principal amount and (if in definitive form) the serial numbers of the Deposited 
Class A Notes distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to Vote 
for, or against, such Class A Voting Matter; and 
(d) 
authorising the Class A Note Trustee to vote in respect of the Deposited Class A Notes or Deposited 
Class B Notes, as applicable, in connection with such Class A Voting Matter in accordance with such 
instructions and the provisions the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Blocked Class A Notes” means certain specified Class A Registered Notes which have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until close of business (London time) on the Voting Date. 
“Borrower” means AA Senior Co Limited, an indirect subsidiary of Holdco. 
“Borrower Account Bank” means Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement). 
“Borrower Account Bank Agreement” the account bank agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Borrower, 
the Borrower Account Bank and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Borrower Hedge Counterparty” means each Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparty and any entity which 
becomes a Party as a Hedge Counterparty to a Borrower Hedging Agreement and accedes as a Hedge Counterparty to 
the STID and the Common Terms Agreement (together, the “Borrower Hedge Counterparties”). 
“Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium” means a premium or upfront payment received by the Borrower 
from a replacement hedge counterparty under a replacement hedge agreement entered into with the Borrower to the 
extent of any termination payment due to a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under a Borrower Hedging Agreement. 
“Borrower Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro-
forma Hedging Agreement to the Hedging Policy (as amended from time to time) entered into by the Borrower and a 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each relevant 
Borrower Hedging Transaction is entered into) and which governs the Borrower Hedging Transactions between such 
parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing 
the Borrower Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
“Borrower Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt 
governed by a Borrower Hedging Agreement and, in each case, entered into with the Borrower in accordance with the 
Hedging Policy. 
“Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the Liquidity Facility Standby Account in the name 
of Borrower. 
“Borrower Liquidity Shortfall” means after taking into account Cash Available to the Borrower, with respect 
to any LF Interest Payment Date (as determined by the Cash Manager on the Determination Date in respect of that LF 
Interest Payment Date), there will be insufficient funds to pay on such LF Interest Payment Date any of the amounts to 
be paid in respect of “Summary of the Common Documents—Part A—Obligor Operating Accounts and certain 
Designated Accounts” items (1) to (7) (inclusive) (excluding (i) any principal payable under any working capital 
facility, (ii) all amounts payable under any Class A IBLA (including any Facility Fees) and (iii) any amount payable 
under items 6, 7(b) and 7(c)) of the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. See “Summary of the Common 
Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments”.

--- Page 311 ---
291 
  
“BSM” means British School of Motoring. 
“Business customer” means a customer who receives roadside assistance cover indirectly as an “add-on” or a 
complementary service to the products and services they purchase from another business. 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for general 
business in London and Dublin. 
“Business market” means the market made up of business partners. 
“Business partner” means a third-party company or other organisation that offers “add-on” or complementary 
products and services to its own customers. 
“Business Transfer Deed” means the deed entered into between TAAL and AADL on 2 July 2013 relating to 
the sale of the business, assets and undertaking of TAAL to AADL. 
“Calculation Agency Agreement” in relation to the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class, means an agreement in 
or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Agency Agreement. 
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a 
Calculation Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in 
respect of such Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
“Capital Expenditure” means expenditure which, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, is treated as 
capital expenditure. 
“Capital Resources” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID, has the meaning 
given to that term in clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of Restricted Cash, means capital resources calculated in accordance 
with INSPRU, GENPRU or MIPRU as applicable; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of the definition of Permitted Payment, means capital resources calculated in 
accordance with the applicable rules in the relevant jurisdiction. 
“CARE” means career average revalued earnings. 
“Cash” means, at any time, cash denominated in sterling, dollars or euro in hand or at bank and (in the latter 
case) credited to an account in the name of the Borrower or another Obligor with an Acceptable Bank and to which the 
Borrower or other Obligor is alone beneficially entitled and for so long as: 
(a) 
that cash is repayable on demand or within 90 Business Days after demand; 
(b) 
repayment of that cash is not contingent on the prior discharge of any other indebtedness of the 
Borrower or other Obligor or of any other person whatsoever or on the satisfaction of any other 
condition; 
(c) 
there is no Security Interest over that cash except under the Obligor Security Documents or any 
Permitted Security constituted by a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Borrower or 
other Obligor in the ordinary course of their banking arrangements; 
(d) 
that cash is freely and (except as referred to in paragraph (a) above) immediately available to be 
applied in repayment or prepayment of the Obligor Secured Liabilities; and 
(e) 
that cash is not Restricted Cash. 
“Cash Accumulation Period” means the period prior to the Final Maturity Date of any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility designated as a Cash Accumulation Period in such Class A Note or Class A Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Cash Available to the Borrower” means, in respect of any Determination Date under a Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, the funds available for drawing from the Debt Service Payment Account on such Determination Date.

--- Page 312 ---
292 
  
“Cash Available to the Issuer” means, in respect of any Determination Date under a Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, the sum of (i) the funds available for drawing from the Issuer Transaction Accounts on such Determination 
Date; and (ii) the amount to be paid to the Issuer on the immediately succeeding LF Interest Payment Date. 
“Cash Equivalent Investments” means at any time: 
(a) 
certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by an 
Acceptable Bank; 
(b) 
any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United 
States of America, the United Kingdom, France or Germany or by an instrumentality or agency of any 
of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of 
calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security, provided that, in each case, 
such investments have a long-term credit rating from S&P at least equal to or higher than the then 
current rating of the Class A Notes or such other rating as is consistent with the criteria applied by 
S&P from time to time; 
(c) 
commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security: 
(i) 
for which a recognised trading market exists;  
(ii) 
issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America or the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
which matures within one year after the relevant date of calculation; and 
(iv) 
which has a credit rating of A-1 or higher by S&P, or, if no rating is available in respect of 
the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-
credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating from S&P; 
(d) 
sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted by an 
Acceptable Bank (or their dematerialised equivalent); 
(e) 
any investment in money market funds which (i) have a credit rating of A-1 or higher by S&P, (ii) 
invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (d) above 
and (iii) can be turned into cash on not more than 90 days’ notice; and 
(f) 
in the case of the Obligors, any other debt security approved by the Obligor Security Trustee in 
accordance with the STID and in the case of the Issuer, any other debt security approved by the Issuer 
Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge provided that that, in each case, such 
debt securities have a long-term credit rating from S&P at least equal to or higher than the then 
current rating of the Class A Notes or such other rating as is consistent with the criteria applied by 
S&P from time,  
in each case, to which any member of the Holdco Group is alone (or together with other members of the 
Holdco Group) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any member of the 
Holdco Group or any of its Affiliates or subject to any Security Interest (other than in the case of the Obligors 
a Security Interest arising under the Obligor Security Documents and in the case of the Issuer a Security 
Interest arising under the Issuer Security Documents). 
“Cash Manager” means Automobile Association Developments Limited, a company registered in England 
and Wales with registered number 1878835, or any substitute cash manager. 
“Cash Sweep Payment Date” means 31 July in each Financial Year (or, if that day is not a Business Day, the 
preceding Business Day) if the preceding Financial Year was a Bank Debt Sweep Period. 
“CCP” means a central clearing house authorised under Article 14 of EMIR or recognised under Article 25 of 
EMIR. 
“CCP Service” means, in respect of a CCP, an over-the-counter derivative clearing service offered by such 
CCP.  
“Central Bank” means the Central Bank of Ireland. 
“CGB” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note, in either 
case where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Class A Notes are in CGB form.

--- Page 313 ---
293 
  
“Charterhouse” means Charterhouse Capital Partners. 
“Chief Financial Officer” means the Holdco’s finance director or any statutory director of the Borrower, 
acting as that officer’s deputy in that capacity or performing those functions. 
“Class” means with respect to each class of Notes, Class A Notes and Class B Notes. 
“Class A5 IBLA” means the Second Amended and Restated Class A Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement 
between the Issuer, the Borrower, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee dated on or around 6 
December 2016. 
“Class A Agency Agreement” means the agreement dated 2 July 2013, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the 
other Class A Paying Agents, the Class A Registrar, Class A Agent Bank and Class A Transfer Agents in relation to all 
or any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, and any other agreement for the time being in force appointing further or other 
Class A Paying Agents or Class A Transfer Agents or other Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class A Agent Bank or 
Class A Registrar in relation to all or any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, or in connection with their duties, unless 
permitted under the Class A Agency Agreement, where necessary with the prior written approval of the Class A Note 
Trustee, together with any agreement for the time being in force amending or modifying any of the aforesaid 
agreements. 
“Class A Agent” means the Class A Paying Agents and the Class A Registrar. 
“Class A Agent Bank” means, in relation to the Class A Notes of any relevant Sub-Class, the bank initially 
appointed as agent bank in relation to such Sub-Class of Class A Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the Class A Agency 
Agreement or, if applicable, any Successor agent bank in relation to such Class A Notes. 
“Class A Authorised Credit Facility” means any credit agreement entered into by the Borrower and any 
other agreement under which the Borrower incurs any Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility) with one or more persons as permitted by the terms of the CTA the providers of which are parties to or have 
acceded to the STID, the CTA and the MDA, including any Class A IBLA, the Working Capital Facility Agreement, 
the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower Hedging Agreements and any fee 
letter, arrangement letter or commitment letter entered into in connection with the foregoing facilities or agreements or 
the transactions contemplated in the foregoing facilities, which in each case (other than a Liquidity Facility Agreement) 
ranks pari passu with the Initial Class A IBLA, the Working Capital Facility Agreement or the Senior Term Facility 
Agreement and has been designated as a document that should be deemed to be a Class A Authorised Credit Facility for 
the purposes of this definition by the parties thereto. 
“Class A Authorised Credit Provider” means a lender or other provider of credit or financial 
accommodation under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Class A Bearer Definitive Note” means a Class A Bearer Note in definitive form issued or, as the case may 
require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement or any other 
agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust 
Deed in exchange for either a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or part thereof or a Class A Permanent Bearer 
Global Note or part thereof (all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), such Class A Bearer Note in definitive form 
being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as 
may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to 
time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and having the Class A Conditions endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, 
incorporating the Class A Conditions by reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having the relevant 
information supplementing, replacing or modifying the Class A Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto and having Class A Coupons and, where appropriate, Class A Receipts and/or 
Class A Talons attached thereto on issue. 
“Class A Bearer Note” means those Class A Notes which are for the time being in bearer form. 
“Class A Closing Date” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the date on which the Issuer 
makes a Class A IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding Class A IBLA; 
“Class A Conditions” means in relation to the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class, the terms and conditions 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Class A Note or Class A Notes constituting such Sub-Class, such 
terms and conditions being substantially in the form set out in schedule 3 (Terms and Conditions) of the Class A Note 
Trust Deed or in such other form, having regard to the terms of the Class A Notes of the relevant Sub-Class, as may be

--- Page 314 ---
294 
  
agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) as completed by the Final Terms 
applicable to the Class A Notes of the relevant Sub-Class, in each case as from time to time modified in accordance 
with the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed and any reference in the Class A Note Trust Deed to a particular 
specified Class A Condition or paragraph of a Class A Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Coupon” means an interest coupon appertaining to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note, such coupon 
being: 
(a) 
if appertaining to a Fixed Rate Class A Note, in the form or substantially in the form set out in the 
Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form, having regard to the terms of issue of the Class A 
Notes of the relevant Sub-Class, as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-
Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s); or 
(b) 
if appertaining to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note which is not a Fixed Rate Class A Note, in such 
form as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be 
issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal 
Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), and includes, where applicable, 
the Class A Talon(s) appertaining thereto and any replacements for Class A Coupons and Class A 
Talons. 
“Class A Couponholder” means any person holding a Class A Coupon. 
“Class A Default Ratio Level” means 1.10:1.00. 
“Class A Definitive Note” means a Class A Bearer Definitive Note and/or, as the context may require, a Class 
A Registered Definitive Note. 
“Class A Exchange Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if applicable, any Successor 
exchange agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a majority 
of not less than 75% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who (i) for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter and (ii) have participated in the approval process in 
respect of such resolution, subject to the quorum requirements set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed; or (b) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Class A 
Voting Matter, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Class A Noteholders of such Sub-Class. 
“Class A FCF DSCR” means the ratio of FCF to Class A Total Debt Service Charges. 
“Class A Global Note” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or a Class A Permanent Bearer 
Global Note issued in respect of the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class and/or a Class A Registered Global Note, as the 
context may require. 
“Class A IBLA” means the Initial Class A IBLA and any additional loan agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Borrower after 2 July 2013 on substantially the same terms as the Initial Class A IBLA 
“Class A Initial Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Instructing Group” means the Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors. 
“Class A Interest Commencement Date” means`, in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, in the case 
of interest bearing Class A Notes, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such 
Class A Notes bear interest, which may or may not be the Issue Date. 
“Class A Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, with respect to 
the Class A Interest Rate and a Class A Note Interest Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period (or if 
the specified currency is sterling, the first day of such Class A Note Interest Period) (as adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention (as defined above) specified in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 315 ---
295 
  
“Class A Interest Rate” means the Class A Initial Interest Rate or the Class A Revised Interest Rate, as the 
case may be. 
“Class A Note” means a Note issued pursuant to the Programme and denominated in such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) which has such maturity and denomination as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, 
the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust Deed and which shall, in the case of a Class A Bearer Note, 
either (i) initially be represented by, and comprised in, a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note which may (in 
accordance with the terms of such Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note) be exchanged for a Class A Bearer 
Definitive Note or a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note which Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note may (in 
accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global Note) in turn be exchanged for a Class A Bearer Definitive 
Note or (ii) be represented by, and comprised in, a Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note which may (in accordance 
with the terms of such Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note) be exchanged for a Class A Bearer Definitive Note (all 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and which may, in the case of the Class A Registered Notes, either be in 
definitive form or be represented by, and comprised in, one or more Class A Regulation S Global Notes each of which 
may (in accordance with the terms of such Class A Regulation S Global Note) be exchanged for Class A Registered 
Definitive Notes or another Class A Regulation S Global Note (all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and 
includes any replacements for a Class A Note (whether a Class A Bearer Note or a Registered Note, as the case may be) 
issued pursuant to the Class A Conditions and “Class A Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Note Acceleration Notice” means a notice issued by the Class A Note Trustee to the Issuer 
declaring all of the Class A Notes immediately due and payable following a Class A Note Event of Default which is 
continuing. 
“Class A Note Interest Amount” means the amount of interest in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
Class A Notes for the relevant Class A Note Interest Period. 
“Class A Note Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class A Note Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Class A Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Class A Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) a Class A Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Class 
A Interest Payment Date. 
“Class A Note Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Sub-Class of the Class A Notes, the earlier of (a) the 
date on which all amounts in respect of the Class A Notes have been paid, and (b) 5 days after the date on which all of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding has been received by the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the Class A Registrar, as 
the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Class A Noteholders. 
“Class A Note Trust Deed” means the note trust deed entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer and the 
Class A Note Trustee in respect of the Class A Notes, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Class A Note Trust 
Deed dated 23 April 2014, a Second Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated 16 November 2016 and a Third 
Supplemental Class A Note Trust Deed dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus and as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to time. 
“Class A Note Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any other or additional trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Class A Note Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Class A 
Receiptholders and the Class A Couponholders. 
“Class A Noteholder” means the several persons who are for the time being holders of the outstanding Class 
A Notes (being, in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, the bearers thereof and, in the case of Class A Registered Notes, 
the several persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the Class A Registered Notes as the holders 
thereof) save that, in respect of the Class A Notes of any Sub-Class for so long as such Class A Notes or any part 
thereof are represented by Class A Global Note deposited with a common depositary (in the case of a CGB) or common 
safekeeper (in the case of a NGB or a Class A Regulation S Global Note held under the NSS) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an accountholder of 
Euroclear, and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of Clearstream, Luxembourg) as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of the Class A Notes of such Sub-Class shall be deemed to be the holder of such principal 
amount of such Class A Notes (and the holder of the relevant Class A Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) 
for all purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Class A Notes and, the rights to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and the Class A

--- Page 316 ---
296 
  
Note Trustee, solely in such common depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee and for which purpose such 
common depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Class A Notes in accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the Class A Note Trust Deed and 
the Class A Conditions; and the expressions “Class A Noteholder, holder” and “holder of the Class A Notes” and 
related expressions shall (where appropriate) be construed accordingly. 
“Class A Ordinary Resolution” means (a) a resolution approved by the Class A Noteholders by a simple 
majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who (i) for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter and (ii) have participated in the approval process in respect of 
such resolution, subject to the quorum requirements set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed; or (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than half of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes of a Sub-Class who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Class A Voting Matter, which 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Class A Noteholders of such Sub-Class. 
“Class A Paying Agents” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas. 
“Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note” means a global note in the form or substantially in the form set 
out the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a 
particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy 
of the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all of the Class A Bearer Notes of the same Sub-
Class, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust Deed either 
on issue or in exchange for the whole or part of any Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note issued in respect of such 
Class A Bearer Notes. 
“Class A Principal Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if applicable, any 
Successor principal paying agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Receipt” means a receipt attached on issue to a Class A Bearer Definitive Note redeemable in 
instalments for the payment of an instalment of principal, such receipt being in the form or substantially in the form set 
out in the Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the 
Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements for 
Class A Receipts. 
“Class A Receiptholder” means any person holding a Class A Receipt. 
“Class A Register” means a register of the holders of the Class A Registered Notes which shall show (i) the 
nominal amount of Class A Notes represented by each Class A Registered Global Note, (ii) the nominal amounts and 
the serial numbers of the Class A Registered Definitive Notes, (iii) the dates of issue of all Class A Registered Notes, 
(iv) all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership of Class A Registered Notes, (v) the names and addresses of the 
holders of the Class A Registered Notes, (vi) all cancellations of Class A Registered Notes, whether because of their 
purchase and surrender for cancellation by the Issuer or an Obligor, replacement or otherwise and (vii) all replacements 
of Class A Registered Notes. 
“Class A Registered Definitive Note” means a Class A Registered Note in definitive form issued or, as the 
case may require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement or any other 
agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust 
Deed either on issue or in exchange for a Class A Registered Global Note or part thereof (all as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), such Class A Registered Definitive Note being in the form or substantially in the form set out 
the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a 
particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) and having the Class A Conditions 
endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the relevant Stock Exchange, incorporating the Class A Conditions by reference as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having the relevant information supplementing, replacing or modifying the 
Class A Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms endorsed thereon or attached thereto and having a Form of 
Transfer endorsed thereon. 
“Class A Registered Global Note” means a Class A Regulation S Global Note.

--- Page 317 ---
297 
  
“Class A Registered Note” means those Class A Notes (if any) which are for the time being in registered 
form. 
“Class A Registrar” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Registered Notes, Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas or, if applicable, any Successor registrar appointed in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
“Class A Regulation S Global Note” means a registered global Note in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which 
a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Class A Registrar, the Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all of the Class A Registered Notes of the same Sub-Class 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to 
the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Class A Restricted Payment Condition” means: 
(a) 
no CTA Event of Default or Potential CTA Event of Default is subsisting or would result from 
making any proposed Restricted Payment; and/or 
(b) 
no Trigger Event is subsisting or would result from making any proposed Restricted Payment. 
“Class A Revised Interest Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
“Class A Talon” means the talons (if any) appertaining to, and exchangeable in accordance with the 
provisions therein contained for further Class A Coupons appertaining to, the Class A Bearer Definitive Notes, such 
talons being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed or in such other form as may 
be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may be issued or sold from time to time 
or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Note Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements for Talons. 
“Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note” means a temporary global note in the form or substantially in the 
form set out the Class A Note Trust Deed together with the copy of the applicable Final Terms annexed thereto with 
such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Sub-Class of Class A Notes may 
be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the 
Class A Note Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), comprising some or all of the Class A Bearer Notes of the same Sub-
Class, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Class A Agency Agreement and the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Class A Total Debt Service Charges” means in respect of any relevant period, the amount equal to: 
(a) 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any accrued interest (whether paid or not or capitalised) and scheduled amortisation of 
principal (whether paid or not) payable in respect of any Financial Indebtedness incurred in 
connection with any Class A Authorised Credit Facility (excluding, in the case of any non-
fully amortising facility, any principal amount falling due on the Final Maturity Date under 
that Class A Authorised Credit Facility) and any other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
that rank pari passu with, or senior to, a Class A Authorised Credit Facility, including any 
commission, fees, discounts and other finance payments payable by (and deducting any such 
amounts payable to) any member of the Holdco Group under any interest rate hedging 
arrangements in respect of such Financial Indebtedness and disregarding Subordinated 
Liquidity Amounts and Subordinated Hedge Amounts (in each case owing by the Borrower 
or any other Obligor); and 
(ii) 
any fees, commission, costs, discounts, premiums, charges or any other finance payments 
payable to any Obligor Senior Secured Creditor under any Senior Finance Document and 
which rank pari passu with, or senior to, any interest payable under any Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility; 
less: 
(b) 
any interest received on any bank accounts or in respect of Cash Equivalent Investments by any 
member of in the Holdco Group during such relevant period,

--- Page 318 ---
298 
  
but excluding: 
(i) 
any fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the raising of any Financial 
Indebtedness or any amortisation thereof; 
(ii) 
the amount of any discount amortised and other non-cash interest charges accrued during the 
relevant period; 
(iii) 
any break costs; 
(iv) 
the marked to market value of any Treasury Transactions; 
(v) 
any interest or equivalent finance charge accrued in respect of Financial Indebtedness 
between companies in the Holdco Group including any such interest or finance charges in 
respect of loans made by the AA Pension Trustees to any other member of the Holdco 
Group; and 
(vi) 
any Subordinated Liquidity Amounts accruing during the relevant period. 
“Class A Transfer Agent” means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
“Class A U.S. Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas or, if applicable, any 
Successor U.S. paying agent appointed in relation to the Class A Notes. 
“Class A Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class A Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class A Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class A Noteholders to the Class A Note Trustee (in its capacity as 
the Secured Creditor Representative of the Class A Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the 
voting category made by the Holdco Group Agent in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the Issuer is an 
Affected Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class A 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class A Noteholders. 
“Class B Additional Notes” has the meaning given to that term in Class B3 Condition 19 (Further Class B3 
Notes and New Class B3 Notes). 
“Class B Agency Agreement” means the agreement dated 2 July 2013 as amended and restated on or about 13 
April 2015 and on or about 29 January 2021 and as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Class B Principal Paying Agent, the other Class B Paying Agents, the 
Class B Registrar and Class B Transfer Agents in relation to all or any Class B Notes, and any other agreement for the 
time being in force appointing further or other Class B Paying Agents or Class B Transfer agents or other Class B 
Principal Paying Agent or Class B Registrar in relation to all or any sub-class of Class B Notes, together with any 
agreement for the time being in force amending or modifying any of the aforesaid agreements. 
“Class B Authorised Credit Facility” means any credit agreement entered into by the Borrower and any other 
agreement under which the Borrower incurs any Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Class A Authorised Credit 
Facility) with one or more persons the providers of which are parties to or have acceded to the STID and the Master 
Definitions Agreement including the Initial Class B IBLA and the Class B3 IBLA and any fee letter, arrangement letter 
or commitment letter entered into in connection with the foregoing facilities or agreements or the transactions 
contemplated in the foregoing facilities, which in each case ranks pari passu with the Initial Class B IBLA and the 
Class B3 IBLA and has been designated as a document that should be deemed to be a Class B Authorised Credit 
Facility for the purposes of this definition by the parties thereto. 
“Class B Authorised Credit Provider” means a lender or other provider of credit or financial accommodation 
under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Class B Conditions” means in relation to any Class B Notes, the terms and conditions endorsed on or 
incorporated by reference into the Class B Note or Class B Notes, such terms and conditions being substantially in the 
form set out in schedule 3 (Class B Terms and Conditions) to the Class B Note Trust Deed in each case as modified

--- Page 319 ---
299 
  
from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Class B Note Trust Deed and includes, in respect of the Class 
B3 Notes, the Class B3 Conditions and any reference in the Issuer Transaction Documents to a particular specified 
Class B Condition or paragraph of a Class B Condition shall be construed accordingly. See “Description of Other 
Indebtedness”. 
“Class B Definitive Note” means a Class B Regulation S Definitive Note and/or a Class B Rule 144A 
Definitive Note, as the context requires. 
“Class B Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a Class B Voting Matter (a) a resolution approved 
by the holders of not less than 90% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes or (b) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class B Notes, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Global Note” means a Class B Regulation S Global Note or a Class B Rule 144A Global Note. 
“Class B IBLA” means the Initial Class B IBLA and any additional loan agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Borrower after the Closing Date which ranks pari passu with the Initial Class B IBLA. 
“Class B Note Acceleration Notice” means a notice from the Class B Note Trustee to the Issuer issued in 
accordance with the Class B Conditions, declaring all of the Class B Notes immediately due and repayable at any time 
after the occurrence of a Class B Note Event of Default. 
“Class B Note Event of Default” means under the Class B Note Trust Deed, the occurrence of any of the 
following events or circumstances specified below: 
(a) 
default being made in the payment of principal or other amounts (other than those set out in paragraph 
(b) below) on any Class B Notes, when due; 
(b) 
default being made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of interest or additional amounts 
(if any), on the Class B Notes, when due; 
(c) 
the Issuer failing to duly perform or observe any other obligation, condition, provision, representation 
or warranty binding on it under the Class B Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of 
Charge or any of the other Issuer Class B Transaction Documents and such failure being in the 
opinion of the Class B Note Trustee (or, in the case of the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer Security 
Trustee), capable of remedy, but which remains unremedied for a period of 21 days following the 
giving of notice by the Class B Note Trustee (or the Issuer Security Trustee, as applicable) to the 
Issuer requiring the same to be remedied and, in either case, provided that the Class B Note Trustee 
shall have determined that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Class B Noteholders; 
(d) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event; 
(e) 
the delivery of the Class A Note Acceleration Notice in accordance with Class A Condition 11(b) 
(Delivery of a Class A Note Acceleration Notice) of the Class A Conditions (see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes”); or 
(f) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with its obligations under or in 
respect of these Class B Conditions or any Issuer Class B Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. 
“Class B Note Trust Deed” means the note trust deed entered into on 2 July 2013 between the Issuer and the 
Class B Note Trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed and the Second 
Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Class B Note Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any other or additional trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Class B Note Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Noteholder” means the holder of any Class B Note. 
“Class B Notes” means the Class B3 Notes and any Class B Additional Notes. 
“Class B Offering Circular” means the Class B3 Offering Circular and any other offering circular published 
by the Issuer in connection with the issue of Class B Notes (as the context requires).

--- Page 320 ---
300 
  
“Class B Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
“Class B Principal Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
“Class B Register” means a register in respect of each class of Class B Notes of the holders of the Class B 
Notes which shall show (i) the nominal amounts of Class B Notes represented by each Class B Global Note, (ii) the 
nominal amounts and the serial numbers of the Class B Definitive Notes, (iii) the dates of issue of all Class B Notes, 
(iv) all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership of Class B Notes, (v) the names and addresses of the holders of 
the Class B Notes, (vi) all cancellations of Class B Notes, whether because of their purchase and surrender for 
cancellation by the Issuer or an Obligor, replacement or otherwise and (vii) all replacements of Class B Notes (subject, 
where appropriate, in the case of (vi), to the Class B Registrar having been notified as provided in the Class B Agency 
Agreement). 
“Class B Regulation S Definitive Note” means a definitive note in the form or substantially in the form set 
out in the Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold to non-U.S. persons outside the 
U.S. in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Class B Regulation S Global Note” means a registered global note in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in the Class B Note Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which 
Class B Notes may be issued or sold from time to time comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Class B Rule 144A Definitive Note” means a definitive note in the form or substantially in the form set out 
in the Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold in the U.S. in reliance on Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act. 
“Class B Rule 144A Global Note” means a global note in the form or substantially in the form set out in the 
Class B Note Trust Deed comprising some or all of the Class B Notes sold in the U.S. in reliance on Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act. 
“Class B Transfer Agents” means Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. and any other person appointed under 
the Class B Agency Agreement. 
“Class B Voting Matter” means any matter which is required to be approved by the Class B Noteholders 
including, without limitation: 
(a) 
any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the Class B Noteholders; 
(b) 
any direction to be given by the Class B Noteholders to the Class B Note Trustee (in its capacity as 
the Secured Creditor Representative of the Class B Noteholders) to challenge the determination of the 
voting category made by the Holdco Group Agent in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the Issuer is an 
Affected Obligor Secured Creditor) whether a STID Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) 
any directions required or entitled to be given by Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Issuer Class B 
Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
any other matter which requires the approval of or consent of the Class B Noteholders. 
“Class B Closing Date” means, in relation to any sub-Class of Class B Notes, the date on which the Issuer 
makes a Class B IBLA Advance to the Borrower under the corresponding Class B IBLA; 
“Class B3 Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Class B3 Notes set out in part B of schedule 3 
(Class B3 Conditions) of the Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Class B3 IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 29 January 
2021 entitled “Class B3 Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Class B3 Notes” means the £280,000,000 6.500% Class B3 Secured Notes due 2050 issued by the Issuer on 
29 January 2021. 
“Class B3 Offering Circular” means the offering circular dated 20 January 2021 and published by the Issuer 
in connection with the issue of the Class B3 Notes.

--- Page 321 ---
301 
  
“Cleared” means, in respect of a transaction, that such transaction has been submitted (including where details 
of such transaction are submitted) to a CCP for clearing in a relevant CCP Service and that such CCP has become a 
party to a resulting or corresponding transaction, as applicable, pursuant to such CCP’s Rule Set. 
“Clearing Systems” means the rules, regulations and procedures for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
“Closing Date” means the date on which (a) all conditions precedent under schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) 
of the Common Terms Agreement are satisfied or waived; (b) all conditions precedent to the establishment of the 
Programme as set forth in the Dealership Agreement have been satisfied; (c) the first series of Class A Notes and the 
Original Class B Notes are issued by the Issuer and (d) the partial refinancing of the Existing Indebtedness occurs in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“COBS” means the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook. 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated and rulings 
issued thereunder, as amended. 
“COMI” means centre of main interest. 
“Commodity Hedge Counterparty” means a hedge counterparty under an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
which has acceded as an Obligor Secured Creditor to the STID and the Common Terms Agreement. 
“Commodity Hedging Transaction” means a Treasury Transaction, referencing inter alia, the price of 
commodities governed by an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement and entered into by an Obligor and a Commodity 
Hedge Counterparty. 
“Common Depositary” means the agent appointed by the International Central Securities Depositaries to act 
as the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in respect of the Class A Notes. 
“Common Documents” means the Obligor Security Documents, the CTA, the MDA, the STID and the Tax 
Deed of Covenant. 
“Common Safekeeper” means an ICSD in its capacity as common safekeeper or a person nominated by the 
ICSDs to perform the role of common safekeeper. 
“Common Terms Agreement” or “CTA” means the common terms agreement dated 2 July 2013 entered into 
between, among others, the Obligors, the Cash Manager, the Issuer and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Companies Act” means the UK Companies Act 2006. 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—Information 
Covenants—Compliance Certificate”. 
“CONC” means the Consumer Credit Sourcebook. 
“ConsortiumCo” means Basing Consortiumco Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the 
laws of Jersey with registered number 132816. 
“Contribution Notice” means a contribution notice issued by the Pension Regulator under section 43 of the 
Pensions Act 2004. 
“COVID-19” means the novel strain of coronavirus that was identified in the city of Wuhan in Hubei Province 
in China. 
“CRA” means the Consumer Rights Act 2015. 
“CTA Default” means: 
(a) 
a CTA Event of Default; or 
(b) 
a Potential CTA Event of Default. 
“CVC” means CVC Capital Partners.

--- Page 322 ---
302 
  
“Dealers” means each of the Initial Dealers and any New Dealer (as defined in the Dealership Agreement) 
appointed in accordance with the Dealership Agreement but excludes any entity whose appointment has been 
terminated pursuant to the Dealership Agreement and references in the Dealership Agreement to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in relation to any Class A Note, be references to the Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer has agreed the initial 
issue and purchase of such Class A Note. 
“Dealership Agreement” means the agreement dated 24 June 2013 between the Issuer, Holdco, the Borrower 
and the Dealers named therein (or deemed named therein) concerning the purchase of Class A Notes to be issued 
pursuant to the Programme together with any agreement for the time being in force amending, replacing, novating or 
modifying such agreement and any accession letters and/or agreements supplemental thereto. 
“Debt Purchase Transaction” means any transaction where a person: 
(a) 
purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) 
enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) 
enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a 
sub-participation in respect of, 
any commitment or amount outstanding under an Authorised Credit Facility, any Class A Notes, Class B 
Notes, PP Notes or any equivalent transaction having a similar economic effect. 
“Debt Service Reserve Account” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Borrower, the Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account. 
“Decision Period” means the period of time within which the approval of the Obligor Security Trustee is 
sought as specified in relation to each type of voting matter in the STID. 
“Defeased Cash Note Purchase” means the purchase by the Borrower of Class A Notes pursuant to a public 
tender offer, in accordance with the CTA. 
“Definitive Note” means a Class A Definitive Note and/or, as the context may require, a Class B Definitive 
Note. 
“Deposited Class A Notes” means certain specified Class A Bearer Notes which have been deposited with a 
Class A Paying Agent (or its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked account with a clearing system, for the 
purposes of the issuance of a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Determination Date” means the date which is 2 Business Days prior to each LF Interest Payment Date. 
“Direction Notice” means, in respect of any matter which is not the subject of a STID Proposal, Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction 
Notice and except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, a notice from the Obligor Security Trustee 
requesting an instruction from the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors as to whether the Obligor Security Trustee 
should agree to a consent, waiver or modification or exercise a right or discretion pursuant to the Finance Documents 
and the manner in which it should do so. 
“Discretion Matter” means a matter in which the Obligor Security Trustee may exercise its discretion to 
approve any request made in a STID Proposal without any requirement to seek the approval of any Obligor Secured 
Creditor, Issuer Secured Creditor or any of their Secured Creditor Representatives. 
“Disposal” means a sale, lease, licence, transfer, loan or other disposal by a person of any asset, undertaking or 
business (whether by voluntary or involuntary single transaction or series of transactions). 
“Disposal Proceeds” means the consideration receivable by any member of the Holdco Group (including any 
amount receivable in repayment of intercompany debt) for any Disposal made by any member of the Holdco Group 
after deducting: 
(a) 
any reasonable expenses which are incurred by a member of the Holdco Group with respect to that 
Disposal to persons who are not members of the Holdco Group; and

--- Page 323 ---
303 
  
(b) 
any Tax incurred and required to be paid by the seller in connection with that Disposal (as reasonably 
determined by the seller, on the basis of existing rates and taking account of any available credit, 
deduction or allowance). 
“Disruption Event” means either or both of: 
(a) 
a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets 
which are, in each case, required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with the 
Authorised Credit Facilities (or otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the Finance 
Documents to be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of 
the Parties; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related 
nature) to the treasury or payments operations of a Party preventing that, or any other Party: 
(i) 
from performing its payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or 
(ii) 
from communicating with other Parties in accordance with the terms of the Finance 
Documents, 
(and which (in either such case)) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the Party whose operations are 
disrupted. 
“Distressed Disposal” means a disposal of an asset of a member of the Holdco Group which is: 
(a) 
approved or consented to by way of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to the STID in 
circumstances where the Obligor Security has become enforceable; or 
(b) 
effected by enforcement of the Obligor Security. 
“Distribution Date” means each day on which Available Enforcement Proceeds are available to be applied by 
or on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee (or any Receiver) in or towards satisfaction of the Obligor Secured 
Liabilities in accordance with the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Early Termination Date” has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Hedging Agreement or the relevant 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement (as applicable). 
“EAT” means the Employment Appeals Tribunal. 
“EBITDA” means, for any relevant period, the consolidated operating profits of the Holdco Group arising 
from ordinary activities for that period before taxation: 
(a) 
before deducting Total Debt Service Charges and any interest or equivalent finance charge in respect 
of Permitted Financial Indebtedness not comprised within Total Debt Service Charges for which any 
member of the Holdco Group is liable and including any interest or equivalent finance charge paid by 
any member of the Holdco Group to the AA Pension Schemes or implied interest on balance sheet 
provisions in the Holdco consolidated financial statements; 
(b) 
before taking into account any accrued interest owing to any member of the Holdco Group; 
(c) 
before taking into account any items (positive or negative) of a one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary, 
unusual or exceptional nature (including the restructuring of the activities of an entity and reversals of 
any provisions for the cost of restructuring, disposals, revaluations or impairment of non-current 
assets, disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations and the costs associated with any 
aborted Permitted Acquisitions or aborted equity or debt securities offering); 
(d) 
before deducting any amount attributable to the amortisation of goodwill or intangible assets or 
acquisition costs or the depreciation of tangible assets; 
(e) 
before adding or deducting any amount attributable to any movement in the fair value of financial 
instruments held by any member of the Holdco Group (except to the extent provided for in 
paragraph (n) below); 
(f) 
before deducting amounts payable under a deficit reduction programme as agreed from time to time 
with the AA Pension Trustees;

--- Page 324 ---
304 
  
(g) 
after taking into account the employer cash contribution to current service costs of the AA Pension 
Schemes only; 
(h) 
before taking into account the agreed transaction costs associated with the financing contemplated by 
the Transaction Documents; 
(i) 
before taking into account any gain arising from any Debt Purchase Transaction entered into by any 
member of the Holdco Group; 
(j) 
after deducting (to the extent otherwise included) any gain over book value arising in favour of a 
member of the Holdco Group in the disposal of any asset (not being any disposal made in the ordinary 
course of trading) during such period and any gain arising on any revaluation of any asset during such 
period; 
(k) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any loss against book value incurred by a 
member of the Holdco Group on the disposal or write down of any asset (not being any disposals 
made in the ordinary course of trading) during such period and any loss arising on any revaluation of 
any asset during such period; 
(l) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) the amount of any dividends or other profit 
distributions (net of withholding tax) received in cash by any member of the Holdco Group during 
such period from Joint Ventures in which a member of Holdco Group has an interest; 
(m) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) the realised gains or deducting (to the extent not 
otherwise deducted) the realised losses arising at maturity or on termination of forward foreign 
exchange and currency hedging contracts entered into with respect to the operational cash flows of the 
Holdco Group (but taking no account of any unrealised gains or loss on any hedging or other 
derivative instrument whatsoever and excluding any IAS 39 timing differences relating to changes in 
the unrealised par value of derivatives); 
(n) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any fees, costs or charges of a non-recurring 
nature related to any compensation payments to departing management, investments (including any 
Joint Venture Investment) or Permitted Financial Indebtedness (whether or not successful); 
(o) 
after adding back (to the extent otherwise deducted) any costs or provisions relating to any share 
option or management incentive schemes of the Holdco Group; 
(p) 
after adding (to the extent not otherwise included) any insurance proceeds received in cash by any 
member of the Holdco Group in respect of business interruption loss (to be applied to cover operating 
losses in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made) or third-party liability (to the extent 
such amounts are not subsequently paid to a third-party); 
(q) 
after deducting any profit and adding back any loss attributable solely to exchange rate movements on 
translation of balance sheet assets and liabilities in the Holdco consolidated financial statements; and 
(r) 
for the avoidance of doubt, before deducting the amount of any Capital Expenditure (to the extent 
deducted in calculating consolidated operating profits), 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the purposes of 
determining operating profits of the Holdco Group from its ordinary activities. 
“ECJ” means the European Court of Justice. 
“EMIR” means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC 
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012. 
“Employer” means TAAL. 
“Enforcement Action” means: 
(a) 
demanding payment of any Obligor Secured Liabilities; 
(b) 
accelerating any of the Obligor Secured Liabilities or otherwise declaring any Obligor Secured 
Liabilities prematurely due and payable or payable on demand or the premature termination or close-

--- Page 325 ---
305 
  
out of any Obligor Secured Liabilities under a Borrower Hedging Agreement (other than such a close 
out on a voluntary basis which would not result in a breach of the CTA or the STID); 
(c) 
enforcing any Obligor Secured Liabilities by attachment, set-off, execution, diligence, arrestment or 
otherwise; 
(d) 
crystallising, or requiring the Obligor Security Trustee to crystallise, any floating charge in the 
Obligor Security Documents; 
(e) 
enforcing, or requiring the Obligor Security Trustee to enforce, any Obligor Security; 
(f) 
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to: 
(i) 
any insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, winding up, judicial composition, 
dissolution proceedings or any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any 
jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
any voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; or 
(iii) 
any similar proceedings involving any Obligor whether by petition, convening a meeting, 
voting for a resolution or otherwise; 
(g) 
initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a view to any administration, receivership or 
administrative receivership or any analogous proceedings in relation to any Obligor in any 
jurisdiction; 
(h) 
bringing or joining any legal proceedings against any Obligor (or any of its Subsidiaries) to recover 
any Obligor Secured Liabilities; 
(i) 
exercising any right to require any insurance proceeds to be applied in reinstatement of any asset 
subject to any Obligor Security; or 
(j) 
otherwise exercising any other remedy for the recovery of any Obligor Secured Liabilities or the 
preservation of any Obligor Secured Property. 
“ENBP” means equivalent new busines price. 
“Enterprise Act” means the UK Enterprise Act 2002. 
“Entrenched Rights” are matters which: 
(a) 
would delay the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the relevant Obligor 
Secured Creditor’s debt or would reduce the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of such debt; 
(b) 
would bring forward the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of an Obligor 
Secured Creditor’s debt or would increase the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt; 
(c) 
would have the effect of adversely changing the Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or application thereof in respect of an Obligor Secured 
Creditor (including, in the case of the Issuer, any Issuer Secured Creditor that would be adversely 
affected by such change); 
(d) 
would have the effect of adversely changing the application of any proceeds of enforcement of the 
Obligor Security Documents; 
(e) 
would result in the exchange of the relevant Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt for, or the conversion of 
such debt into, shares, notes or other obligations of any other person; 
(f) 
would change or would relate to the currency of payment due under the relevant Obligor Secured 
Creditors debt (other than due to the UK adopting the euro); 
(g) 
would change or have the effect of changing in any material respect any of the requirements described 
in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Cash

--- Page 326 ---
306 
  
Management” which would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on an Obligor Secured 
Creditor; 
(h) 
would change or would relate to any existing obligation of an Obligor to gross up any payment in 
respect of the relevant Obligor Secured Creditor’s debt in the event of the imposition of withholding 
taxes (including, in the case of the Issuer, any Issuer Secured Creditor that would be adversely 
affected by such change); 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing (i) any of the following definitions: Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Creditors, Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities, Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Creditors, Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities, Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors, STID 
Proposal, Discretion Matter, Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting Matter, Voted Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities, Reserved Matter or Entrenched Right; (ii) the Decision Period, Quorum 
Requirement or voting majority required in respect of any Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary 
Voting Matter, Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice, Enforcement Instruction 
Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; (iii) any of the matters that give rise to Entrenched 
Rights under the STID or (iv) the scope of Entrenched Rights under the STID; 
(j) 
would change or have the effect of changing the relationship between Qualifying Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities and Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities under the STID (as described in 
the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities”; 
(k) 
would change or have the effect of changing the Reserved Matters under the STID; 
(l) 
in respect of each Obligor Secured Creditor that is a Topco Secured Creditor, would change or would 
have the effect of changing (i) the definitions of Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco 
Enforcement Instruction or (ii) the quorum requirement or voting majority required in respect of any 
Topco Demand Notice Instruction or Topco Enforcement Instruction; 
(m) 
in respect of each Hedge Counterparty: 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing any of the following definitions: 
Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium, Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium, Hedging 
Agreement or Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right; 
(ii) 
would change or would have the effect of changing the limits specified in the paragraphs 
“OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions”, “Currency Risk Principles” and “Interest 
Rate Risk Principles” described in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Hedging Policy”; 
(iii) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definition of Permitted Hedge Termination 
or any of the Hedge Counterparties’ rights to terminate the Hedging Agreements as set out in 
the Hedging Agreements but only to the extent that the Hedge Counterparties’ rights to 
terminate would be further restricted by such change; 
(iv) 
would change or have the effect of changing the CTA Events of Default; 
(v) 
would change or have the effect of changing a Hedge Counterparty’s voting entitlement as 
described in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities—Tranching of Qualifying 
Obligor Secured Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Liabilities for which the Issuer is a Creditor” and “Summary of the Common Documents—
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities—Tranching 
of Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities and Determination of Voted Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Liabilities for which the Issuer is a Creditor—Voting in Respect of Borrower 
Hedging Transactions by Borrower Hedge Counterparties”; 
(vi) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definitions of Loan Acceleration Notice or 
Loan Enforcement Notice or would change or have the effect of changing the consequences 
of the delivery of Loan Acceleration Notice or the priority of payments following the 
delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice;

--- Page 327 ---
307 
  
(vii) 
would change or have the effect of changing the purpose of the Liquidity Facility so as to 
result in it no longer being available to service payments due under the Hedging 
Agreements; and 
(viii) 
would change or have the effect of changing covenants in the CTA relating to disposals; and 
(n) 
in respect of the AA Pension Trustees (in addition to those rights specified in paragraphs (a) to (f), (i) 
and (k) above), (i) may impose new, increased or additional obligations on or reduce the rights of the 
AA Pension Trustees, (ii) would result in the AA Pension Trustees being entitled to be paid an 
aggregate amount under the STID less than the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities or the AA Ireland 
Secured Pension Liabilities, as applicable, (iii) would change or have the effect of changing the AA 
UK Pension Agreement (in respect of the AA UK Pension Trustee) or the AA Ireland Pension 
Agreement (in respect of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee), (iv) would have the effect of granting 
security to any person that would rank in priority to the security it granted to the AA Pension Trustees 
other than in respect of those classes of Obligor Secured Creditors ranking in priority to the AA 
Pension Trustees as at the Closing Date, and/or (v) would amend or result in an amendment of this 
paragraph (n) or would change or would have the effect of changing the definitions of AA UK 
Secured Pension Liabilities or AA Ireland Secured Pension Liabilities. 
“Environment” means humans, animals, plants and all other living organisms including the ecological 
systems of which they form part and the following media: 
(a) 
air (including air within natural or man-made structures, whether above or below ground); 
(b) 
water (including territorial, coastal and inland waters, water under or within land and water in drains 
and sewers); and 
(c) 
land (including land under water). 
“Environmental Claim” means any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation by any person in respect 
of any Environmental Law. 
“Environmental Law” means any applicable law or regulation which relates to: 
(a) 
the pollution or protection of the Environment; 
(b) 
the conditions of the workplace; or 
(c) 
the generation, handling, storage, use, release, emission or spillage of any substance which, alone or 
in combination with any other, is capable of causing harm to the Environment, including any waste. 
“Environmental Permits” means any permit or other Authorisation required under any Environmental Law 
for the operation of the business of any member of the Holdco Group conducted on or from the properties owned or 
used by any member of the Holdco Group. 
“Equivalent Amount” means in respect of any amount which is not denominated in the Base Currency, such 
amount expressed in the Base Currency as calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate. 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Obligor, 
is treated as a single employer under section 414 of the Code. 
“Escrow Account” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, a segregated escrow account that the gross 
proceeds of the issue of the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Notes will be deposited into in accordance with the terms of 
an Escrow Agreement. 
“Escrow Agent” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the relevant escrow agent appointed by the 
Issuer pursuant to an Escrow Agreement.  
“Escrow Agreement” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the escrow agreement dated as of the 
relevant Issue Date among the Issuer, the Class A Note Trustee, and the Escrow Agent.

--- Page 328 ---
308 
  
“Escrow Security Deed of Charge” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the escrow deed of charge 
dated as of the relevant Issue Date among the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Escrow Longstop Date” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Escrow Property” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the initial and all other funds credited to 
any Escrow Account (less funds paid in accordance with the relevant Escrow Agreement). 
“Escrow Release Conditions” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the conditions precedent that 
need to be satisfied in order for the Escrow Property to be released from the Escrow Account. 
“Escrow Security” means, if escrow arrangements are applicable, the Security Interests constituted by the 
Escrow Security Deed of Charge. 
“euro”, “EUR” or “€” means the lawful currency of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euronext Dublin” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin or any other body to 
which its functions have been transferred. 
“European Union” or “EU” means the economic and political union established in 1993 by the Maastricht 
Treaty, with the aim of achieving closer economic and political union between member states that are primarily located 
in Europe. 
“EU CRA Regulation” means EU Regulation 1060/2009, as amended. 
“EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement” means the free trade agreement signed on 30 December 2020, 
between the European Union, the European Atomic Energy Community, and the United Kingdom. 
“EUWA” European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Excess Cashflow” means, in respect of any relevant period, FCF for that relevant period after: 
(a) 
adding the amount of any cash receipts (and deducting the amount of any cash payments) during that 
relevant period in respect of any items treated as one off, non-recurring, extraordinary, unusual or 
exceptional items not already taken account of in calculating FCF for any relevant period but without 
deducting the agreed transaction costs associated with the financing contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents; 
(b) 
deducting the amount of any Capital Expenditure actually made in cash during that relevant period by 
any member of the Holdco Group (to the extent such amount exceeds the Minimum Capital 
Maintenance Spend Amount required to be spent or reserved in relation to that period) except to the 
extent funded from any Disposal Proceeds, the proceeds of any insurance claims permitted to be 
retained for this purpose, Retained Excess Cashflow, New Shareholder Injections, Investor Funding 
Loans, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Joint Venture Receipts; 
(c) 
deducting the aggregate of any cash consideration paid for, or the cash cost of, any Permitted 
Acquisitions and any Permitted Joint Venture Investment except (in each case) to the extent funded 
from any Disposal Proceeds, the proceeds of any insurance claims permitted to be retained for this 
purpose, Retained Excess Cashflow, New Shareholder Injections, Investor Funding Loans, Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness or Joint Venture Receipts; 
(d) 
deducting the amount of any cash costs payable under a deficit reduction programme as agreed from 
time to time with the AA Pension Trustees during that relevant period and payments under the 
medical benefits scheme during that relevant period, in each case to the extent not taken into account 
in establishing EBITDA; 
(e) 
deducting the aggregate of Total Debt Service Charges for the relevant period, any voluntary and 
mandatory prepayments in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness and any other payments in 
respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness including under any finance leases, any amount applied 
to fund any Debt Purchase Transaction (or to acquire any person referred to in the CTA) (see 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General

--- Page 329 ---
309 
  
Covenants— Purchase of Class A Notes or Class B Notes and Authorised Credit Facilities”) and any 
termination payments made under any Hedging Agreements during the relevant period, in each case 
other than: 
(i) 
any mandatory prepayment from Excess Cashflow made in the relevant period in respect of 
Excess Cashflow for the previous relevant period; 
(ii) 
any amounts under any overdraft or revolving facility which are available for simultaneous 
redrawing according to the terms of that facility; and 
(iii) 
any such payment to the extent funded from any Disposal Proceeds or the proceeds of any 
insurance claims permitted to be retained for this purpose, Retained Excess Cashflow, New 
Shareholder Injection, Investor Funding Loan or Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Joint 
Venture Receipts, 
(f) 
and adding the proceeds received by any member of the Holdco Group in respect of any Debt 
Purchase Transaction (undertaken by a member of the Holdco Group as seller, grantor or equivalent); 
(g) 
deducting the amount of any dividends paid in cash during the relevant period to minority 
shareholders in members of the Holdco Group; 
(h) 
deducting the amount required to be retained by the Holdco Group to meet reasonably anticipated net 
operating expenses for the next relevant period (which amount shall not exceed £10,000,000 in 
respect of any relevant period of 12 months and £5,000,000 in respect of any relevant period of 6 
months) but adding back the amount retained by the Holdco Group at the end of the last relevant 
period to meet reasonably anticipated net operating expenses for the relevant period; 
(i) 
deducting any payment made during the relevant period pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Permitted Payment”; 
(j) 
deducting tax accrued in the financial statements of such relevant period but not paid and adding the 
amount of any tax paid in cash in the relevant period that was deducted pursuant to this paragraph in 
the calculation of Excess Cashflow for the previous relevant period; 
(k) 
deducting (to the extent included in EBITDA for the relevant period) the proceeds of any business 
interruption or third-party liability insurances; 
(l) 
deducting amounts excluded from EBITDA under paragraphs (n) and (o) of the definition of 
“EBITDA”; 
(m) 
deducting, to the extent not treated as Total Debt Service Charges, any Facility Fee paid during such 
relevant period, 
and so that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once. 
“Exchange Rate” means the strike rate specified in any related Hedging Agreement or, failing that, the spot 
rate for the conversion of the Non-Base Currency into the Base Currency as quoted by the Borrower Account Bank as at 
11.00 a.m.: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the STID, on the date that the STID Voting Request, Enforcement Instruction 
Notice, Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, Direction Notice or a Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice (as the case may be) is dated; and 
(b) 
in any other case, on the date as of which calculation of the Equivalent Amount of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount is required, 
and, in each case, as notified by the Borrower Account Bank to each Note Trustee and the Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
“Excluded Group Entity” means any direct or indirect shareholder of a member of the Holdco Group and any 
Affiliate of any such person which in each case is not a member of the Holdco Group. 
“Excluded Insurance Proceeds” means any proceeds of an insurance claim which the Holdco Group Agent 
notifies the Obligor Security Trustee are, or are to be applied:

--- Page 330 ---
310 
  
(a) 
to meet a third-party claim; 
(b) 
to cover operating losses in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made; or 
(c) 
in the replacement, reinstatement and/or repair of the assets or otherwise in amelioration of the loss in 
respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made, 
in each case as soon as possible (but in any event within 6 months of receipt, or such longer period as the 
Obligor Security Trustee may agree) after receipt. 
“Excluded Tax” means, in relation to any person, any: 
(a) 
Tax imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income, profits or gains of that person, in each 
case excluding any deemed income, profits or gains of that person other than to the extent such 
deemed income, profits or gains are matched by any actual income, profits or gains of an Affiliate of 
that person; 
(b) 
Tax that arises from the fraud, gross negligence or wilful default of the relevant person; or 
(c) 
stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax arising under sections 67, 70, 93 or 96 of the Finance Act 1986 
but only to the extent the Tax in question exceeds the Tax that would have arisen but for the existence 
and effect of those sections (provided that this paragraph (c) shall not apply in relation to the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the Note Trustee), 
in each case including any related costs, fines, penalties or interest (if any). 
“Existing Facilities” means: 
(a) 
the facilities under the senior facilities agreement dated 17 September 2007 (as amended and/or 
restated from time to time) made between, amongst others, Spring & Alpha Mid Co Limited (since 
renamed as Acromas Mid Co Limited) as the parent and Barclays Bank PLC as facility agent and 
security trustee; and 
(b) 
the facilities under the mezzanine facilities agreement dated 17 September 2007 (as amended and/or 
restated from time to time) made between amongst others, Spring & Alpha Mid Co Limited (since 
renamed as Acromas Mid Co Limited) as the parent and Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd as facility agent 
and Barclays Bank PLC as security trustee. 
“Existing Indebtedness” means any amounts owed under or in respect of the Existing Facilities. 
“Existing Joint Venture” means: 
(a) 
A.C.T.A. Assistance SA; 
(b) 
A.C.T.A. Assurance SA; 
(c) 
A.C.T.A. SA; and 
(d) 
ARC Europe SA. 
In the year ended 31 January 2017, the Holdco Group’s interests in A.C.T.A. Assistance SA were sold to ARC 
Europe SA. 
“Expected Maturity Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the date specified as such in the Final Terms relating to 
such Sub-Class of Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Class B Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Class B Condition. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a Class A Extraordinary Resolution or Class B Extraordinary Resolution, 
as applicable. 
“Extraordinary STID Resolution” means a resolution in respect of an Extraordinary Voting Matter. 
“Extraordinary Voting Matters” are matters which:

--- Page 331 ---
311 
  
(a) 
would change any CTA Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non-payment, the 
making of Restricted Payments or financial ratios; 
(b) 
would relate to the waiver of any CTA Event of Default or any Trigger Event each in relation to non- 
payment, the making of Restricted Payments or financial ratios; 
(c) 
would change in any adverse respect for the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors the restrictions and 
the permissions described in “Merger”, “Change of Business”, “Acquisitions”, “Joint Ventures”, 
“Negative Pledge”, “Disposals”, “Loans or Credit” “No Guarantees or Indemnities”, “Restricted 
Payments”, “Financial Indebtedness” and “Amendments to Senior Finance Documents and Umbrella 
Services Agreement” in the section “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms 
Agreement” and the related definitions applicable thereto (or consent to action which pursuant to the 
relevant definition, is permitted to be undertaken with the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee); 
(d) 
would materially change or have the effect of materially changing the definition of Permitted 
Business; 
(e) 
would change or have the effect of changing the provisions relating to or relate to the waiver of the 
Additional Financial Indebtedness conditions set out in the definition thereof contained herein; 
(f) 
would result in the Aggregate Available Liquidity being less than the Liquidity Required Amount 
and, to the extent that the passing of an Extraordinary STID Resolution on the matters referred to in 
this sub-paragraph (f) necessitates an amendment to any Trigger Event, the amendment to that Trigger 
Event shall be an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(g) 
would bring forward the scheduled maturity date of any Financial Indebtedness following the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event which is continuing; 
(h) 
would release any of the Obligor Security (unless equivalent replacement security is taken at the same 
time) unless such release is permitted in accordance with the terms of the Common Documents; 
(i) 
would change or have the effect of changing the definition of Qualifying Public Offering and/or the 
conditions contained therein, or would relate to the waiver of any of the foregoing; 
(j) 
would relate to (i) a change to the terms sheet relating to the ABF set out in the AA UK Pension 
Agreement or (ii) the implementation of any change with respect to the ABF which is adverse to the 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors or (iii) once entered into, any change to or waiver of any 
provision in the ABF Transaction Documents which is adverse to the Qualifying Obligor Secured 
Creditors; and 
(k) 
would change or waive or have the effect of changing or waiving the Obligor Coverage Test 
contained in the CTA or the nature and scope of the guarantee and indemnity granted by the Obligors 
under the STID. 
“Facility Agent” means, as the context requires, any or all of the STF Agent, the WCF Agent, the Liquidity 
Facility Agent, or their successors, and any agent, trustee or other representative appointed in respect of any other 
Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Facility Fees” means the facility fees payable by the Borrower under the Class A IBLA and under the Class 
B IBLA, respectively, provided that if any Class A Notes are outstanding, all such fees shall be payable under the Class 
A IBLA, and such facility fees shall comprise of: 
(a) 
the First Facility Fee; 
(b) 
the Second Facility Fee; 
(c) 
the Third Facility Fee; 
(d) 
the Fourth Facility Fee; 
(e) 
the Fifth Facility Fee; 
(f) 
the Sixth Facility Fee; and 
(g) 
the Seventh Facility Fee,

--- Page 332 ---
312 
  
or any of them, as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Fairness Opinion” means, in respect of a proposed disposal of any Obligor Secured Property, an opinion of a 
Financial Adviser that the proposed consideration for the disposal to which such opinion relates is fair from a financial 
point of view taking into account all relevant circumstances including the method and timing of enforcement. 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
“FCA” means the Financial Conduct Authority or any successor from time to time. 
“FCF” means, in relation to any period, the amount equal to the difference between: 
(a) 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
EBITDA for such period; and 
(ii) 
the amount of any royalty payments and any other income from a Joint Venture not included 
in EBITDA received in cash by any member of the Holdco Group during such period from 
Joint Ventures in which a member of the Holdco Group has an interest; and 
(b) 
(unless already taken into account in calculating EBITDA) the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any cash tax actually paid (including any purchase of tax losses) or irrecoverable VAT 
suffered by the Holdco Group during such period less the amount of any rebate, refund or 
credit in respect of any tax on profits, gains or income actually received in cash by any 
member of the Holdco Group during such period; 
(ii) 
any increase in Working Capital for the relevant period (provided that, in the event that there 
has been a decrease in Working Capital, such decreased amount shall be deducted from the 
aggregate amount calculated under this paragraph (b)); 
(iii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount required to be spent 
or reserved in relation to that period; and 
(iv) 
any increase in Restricted Cash (provided that any decrease in such cash shall be deducted 
from the aggregate amount calculated under this paragraph (b)) in that period; 
(v) 
to the extent not included in EBITDA, any real estate related lease payments made by 
members of the Holdco Group in respect of real estate not occupied by members of the 
Holdco Group in that period; and 
(vi) 
the difference between (A) the amount of any increase in provisions, other non-cash debits 
and other non-cash charges (which are not current assets or current liabilities) and (B) the 
amount of any non-cash credits (which are not current assets or current liabilities) in each 
case to the extent taken into account in establishing EBITDA for such period, 
and so that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once. 
“Fifth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 5(b) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, there shall be no Fifth Facility Fee payable,  
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Final Maturity Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Note, the final date on which that Note is expressed to be redeemable; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Authorised Credit Facility, the date on which all financial accommodation made 
available under that Authorised Credit Facility is expressed to be repayable or terminated in full 
(without any further obligation of the relevant Authorised Credit Provider to continue to make 
available such financial accommodation).

--- Page 333 ---
313 
  
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes as a supplement to 
the Class A Conditions and giving details of the Sub-Class. 
“Finance Documents” means the Senior Finance Documents and the Junior Finance Documents. 
“Finance Party” means any person providing credit pursuant to an Authorised Credit Facility including all 
arrangers, agents, representatives and trustees appointed in connection with any such Authorised Credit Facilities. 
“Financial Adviser” means a reputable internationally or nationally recognised investment bank, international 
accounting firm or any other reputable internationally or nationally recognised third-party professional firm (including 
any other reputable independent expert of international or national standing, which is engaged in providing valuations 
of businesses or assets of the type owned and operated by the Holdco Group) and appointed by the Obligor Security 
Trustee in accordance with the STID. 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions; 
(b) 
any acceptance under any acceptance credit or bill discounting facility (or dematerialised equivalent); 
(c) 
any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar 
instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of finance leases; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(f) 
any Treasury Transaction (and, when calculating the value of that Treasury Transaction, only the 
marked to market loss to the Holdco Group (or, if any actual amount is due from the Holdco Group as 
a result of the termination or close-out of that Treasury Transaction, that amount) shall be taken into 
account); 
(g) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of any guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
(h) 
any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of 
the Issuer) before the Final Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under the 
Accounting Principles; 
(i) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement if (i) one of the primary 
reasons behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance the acquisition or 
construction of the asset or service in question or (ii) the agreement is in respect of the supply of 
assets or services and payment is due more than 180 days after the date of supply; 
(j) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase, sale and sale 
back or sale and leaseback agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise 
classified as borrowings under the Accounting Principles; and 
(k) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in 
paragraphs (a) to (j) above, 
but in each case without double counting. 
“Financial Statements” means, at any time, the financial statements of an Obligor and, in the case of Holdco, 
additionally consolidated financial statements of itself and its Subsidiaries, most recently delivered to the Obligor 
Security Trustee. 
“Financial Support Direction” means a financial support direction issued by the Pensions Regulator under 
section 43 of the Pensions Act 2004. 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Holdco Group ending on an Accounting 
Reference Date. 
“First Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to:

--- Page 334 ---
314 
  
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph 1 of 
the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph (a) of 
the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed” means the supplemental note trust deed dated 13 April 2015 
and made between the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee. 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Fixed Rate Class A Note or the Class B Notes. 
“Form of Transfer” means the form of transfer endorsed on a Registered Definitive Note in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in the Class A Note Trust Deed. 
“Fourth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph 4 of 
the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable under paragraph (c) of 
the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
“GAR” means Gibraltar Authorisation Regime. 
“GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which all 
payments are denominated in GBP. 
“GDPR” means European General Data Protection Regulation. 
“GENPRU” means the General Prudential Sourcebook of the PRA Handbook and the FCA Handbook. 
“Global Note” means a Class A Global Note or a Class B Global Note. 
“Governmental Authority” means any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or 
administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
“Group Relief” means the surrender of losses or other amounts eligible for surrender under Part 5 of the 
Corporation Taxes Act 2010. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means each Borrower Hedge Counterparty and each Issuer Hedge Counterparty and 
“Hedge Counterparty” means any such party. 
“Hedging Agreement” means each Borrower Hedging Agreement and each Issuer Hedging Agreement.  
“Hedging Transaction” means a Borrower Hedging Transaction or an Issuer Hedging Transaction or, where 
the context requires, each of the above. 
“HMRC” or “HM Revenue & Customs” means Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs. 
“Holdco” means AA Intermediate Co Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with limited 
liability (registered number 5148845). 
“Holdco Group” means Holdco and each Subsidiary of Holdco (other than the Issuer), except with respect to 
certain financial, operational and other data presented in “Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial, Operating, and 
Other Data”, and “Selected Consolidated Financial Data” where references to Holdco Group are to Holdco and its 
subsidiaries, including the Issuer. 
“Holdco Group Agent” means AADL or such other person as may be appointed as Holdco Group Agent.

--- Page 335 ---
315 
  
“Holding Company” means a holding company within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act or 
in respect of the Irish Obligor means a holding company within the meaning of section 155 of the Irish Companies 
Act 1963 of Ireland. 
“IAS 39” means International Accounting Standards, 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement, issued by the IASB. 
“IASB” means the International Accounting Standards Board. 
“IBLA Advance” means any advance made under any IBLA. 
“ICO” means UK Information Commissioner’s Office. 
“ICOBS” means the Insurance Conduct of Business Sourcebook. 
“ICSDs” means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
“IDD Order” means the UK Insurance Distribution (Regulated Activities and Miscellaneous Amendments) 
Order 2018. 
“IDU” means the Independent Democratic Union. 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the IASB as adopted by the EU. 
“IHP” means insurer hosted pricing. 
“Indexed” means, in respect of any reference to that amount, an amount to that amount (as previously 
indexed) as such amount may be adjusted up or down at the beginning of each calendar year by a percentage equal to 
the amount of percentage increase or, as the case may be, decrease in the Retail Price Index for such year or as is 
otherwise specified in the relevant Finance Document. 
“Information Memorandum” means any information memorandum or prospectus prepared by or on behalf 
of and approved by the Borrower in connection with the general syndication in the interbank market of any Authorised 
Credit Facility as applicable, any prospectus prepared by or on behalf of and approved by the Issuer in respect of the 
Programme, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any listing or offering document prepared in connection with or 
relating to any listing or offering of the PP Notes. 
“Information Package” means any information package prepared by or on behalf of and approved by the 
Borrower in connection with the general syndication in the interbank market of any Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties” means Lloyds TSB Bank PLC, Merrill Lynch International and 
UBS AG. 
“Initial Class A IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 2 July 
2013 entitled “Initial Class A Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Initial Class B IBLA” means the loan agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower on 2 July 
2013 entitled “Initial Class B Issuer/Borrower Loan Agreement”. 
“Initial Dealers” means Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds 
TSB Bank plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mitsubishi UFJ Securities International plc, RBC Europe Ltd., The Royal 
Bank of Scotland plc and UBS Limited. 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as facility agent 
under the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement” means the liquidity facility agreement dated 2 July 2013 entered into 
between, among others, the Borrower, the Issuer, and the Initial Liquidity Facility Provider(s). 
“Initial Liquidity Facility Providers” means those financial institutions party to the Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement as Liquidity Facility Providers or any other party that accedes to the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement as 
a Liquidity Facility Provider. 
“Initial Rating” means the credit rating of the Class A Notes on the Closing Date or, from the date on which 
the Rating Agency assigns a credit rating (disregarding, at the Issuer’s request, the ability of the Borrower to incur

--- Page 336 ---
316 
  
Additional Financial Indebtedness with a rating equal to the credit rating of the Class A Notes on the Closing Date) of 
BBB or above to the Class A Notes a credit rating from the Rating Agency of BBB. 
“Insolvency Act” means the Insolvency Act 1986. 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any company: 
(a) 
the initiation of or consent to Insolvency Proceedings by such company or any other person or the 
presentation of a petition or application for the making of an administration order which proceedings 
(other than in the case of the Issuer) are not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee or the 
Issuer Security Trustee (as the case may be), being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect 
of success or which are or frivolous or vexatious and discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days 
of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised; 
(b) 
the giving of notice of appointment of an administrator or the making of an administration order or an 
administrator being appointed in respect of such company (other than in relation to an Insolvency 
Event of the Issuer under a Liquidity Facility Agreement), any such giving of notice, making of an 
administration order or appointment of an administrator which is commenced by action taken by the 
company itself (or its directors) under paragraphs 12(1)(a) and (b) or paragraph 22 of Schedule B1 to 
the Insolvency Act; 
(c) 
an encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver 
appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee) taking possession of the whole or any part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company; 
(d) 
any distress, execution, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed upon or 
against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company (excluding, in 
relation to the Issuer, the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security 
Trustee) and such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not being 
discharged or otherwise ceasing to apply within 21 days; 
(e) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of such company (as part of a 
general composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement affecting such company’s creditors 
generally) other than a composition compromise, assignment or arrangement with respect to any 
subordinated Financial Indebtedness, any intragroup loan or guarantee; 
(f) 
the passing by such company of an effective resolution or the making of an order by a court of 
competent jurisdiction for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of such company (except, in the 
case of the Issuer, a winding up for the purpose of a merger, reorganisation or amalgamation the terms 
of which have previously been approved either in writing by the Class A Note Trustee, the Class B 
Note Trustee or by a Class A Extraordinary Resolution or a Class B Extraordinary Resolution); 
(g) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to such company or in relation to the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company; 
(h) 
(in the case of an Irish Obligor only) the presentation of a petition to appoint an examiner to, or the 
appointment of an examiner (including an interim examiner) to, such company; 
(i) 
save as permitted in the STID, the cessation or suspension of payment of its debts generally or a 
public announcement by such company of an intention to do so; or 
(j) 
save as provided in the STID, a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of such 
company. 
“Insolvency Official” means, in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in relation to a company, a 
liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator, examiner, Administrative Receiver, Receiver, manager, nominee, 
supervisor, trustee, conservator, guardian, the Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey or other similar official in respect 
of such company or in respect of all (or substantially all) of the company’s assets or in respect of any arrangement or 
composition with creditors. 
“Insolvency Proceedings” means, in respect of any company, the winding up, liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or bankruptcy (within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954) of such 
company, or any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such company is 
incorporated or of any jurisdiction in which such company, carries on business including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors (and

--- Page 337 ---
317 
  
including, in the case of any Irish Obligor, the petitioning for the appointment, or the appointment (including on an 
interim basis), of an examiner). 
“Insolvency Regulation” means the EC Regulation on Insolvency Proceedings 2000 (Council Regulation 
(EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29th May, 2000). 
“INSPRU” means the Prudential Sourcebook for Insurers of the PRA Handbook. 
“Instalment Date” means each date on which each Instalment Note which provides for instalment dates (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be partially redeemed. 
“Instalment Note” means any Class A Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instructing Group” means the Class A Instructing Group, the Bank Instructing Group and the Note 
Instructing Group. 
“Insurance” means, as the context may require, any contract of insurance described in or taken out pursuant to 
the CTA and any other contract or policy of insurance taken out by or on behalf of an Obligor from time to time, 
including in each case any future renewal or replacement of any such insurance whether with the same or different 
insurers and whether on the same or different term. 
“Insurance Distribution Directive” means Directive (EU) 2016/97. 
“Insurance Mediation Directive” means Directive 2002/92/EC. 
“Insurance Proceeds” means the proceeds of any insurance claim under any insurance maintained by any 
member of the Holdco Group except for Excluded Insurance Proceeds and after deducting any reasonable expenses in 
relation to that claim which are incurred by any member of the Holdco Group to persons who are not members of the 
Holdco Group. 
“Insurer” means each insurer from time to time of, or in relation to, any Insurances. 
“Intellectual Property” means any right in: 
(a) 
copyright (including rights in software and preparatory design materials), get up, trade names, internet 
domain names, patents, inventions, rights in confidential information, database rights, moral rights, 
semiconductor topography rights, trade secrets, know how, trade marks, service marks, logos, 
registered designs and design rights (each whether registered or unregistered); 
(b) 
applications for registration and the right to apply for registration, for any of the above; and 
(c) 
all other intellectual property rights in each case whether registered or unregistered and including 
applications for registration and all rights or equivalent or similar forms of protection having 
equivalent or similar effect anywhere in the world. 
“Interest Period” (i) in respect of the Class A Notes, a Class A Note Interest Period, (ii) in respect of the 
Class B Notes, see “Description of Other Indebtedness—The Class B3 Notes—Interest” and (iii) in respect of an 
Authorised Credit Facility, has the meaning given to such term in that Authorised Credit Facility, see “Description of 
Other Indebtedness”. 
“Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means any Hedging Transaction entered into by the Borrower, the 
Issuer or the PP Note Issuer and a Hedge Counterparty in respect of any interest rate hedging. 
“Intermediate Holdco” means AA Acquisition Co Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in 
England and Wales with registered number 5018987. 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940. 
“Investor” means Topco, each of its Holding Companies, each Sponsor and any other direct or indirect 
shareholder in Holdco and any other Affiliate of such person and any other person who is issued or holds an Investor 
Funding Loan at any time, in each case that is not a member of the Holdco Group. 
“Investor Debt” means the amount outstanding, from time to time, under any Investor Funding Loan.  
“Investor Funding Loan” means any loan made or deemed to be made by any Investor to Holdco, provided 
the Investor is party to the STID as a Subordinated Investor.

--- Page 338 ---
318 
  
“Investor Report” means each report produced by the Holdco Group required to be delivered each year in 
accordance with the CTA. See “Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—
Information Covenants—Investor Report”. 
“IPCo” means the wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco that is the designated transferee of the brands to be 
transferred under the ABF. 
“IPO” means the initial public offering of the ordinary shares of AA Limited in June 2014. 
“Ireland” means Ireland, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Northern Ireland (and Irish shall be construed 
accordingly). 
“Irish Obligor” means any Obligor incorporated in Ireland.2 
“Irish Security Agreement” means the Irish law debenture dated 2 July 2013 between AA Ireland Limited 
and the Obligor Security Trustee.3 
“Irish Share Pledge” means the Irish law deed of charge dated on or around the date of MDA between AA 
Corporation and the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the shares in AA Ireland Limited. 
“ISDA Master Agreement” means an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (including 
the schedule and any credit support annex thereto) or any successor thereto published by ISDA unless otherwise agreed 
by the Obligor Security Trustee acting in accordance with the STID. 
“Issue Date” means (a) in respect of any Class A Note, the date of issue and purchase of such Note pursuant to 
and in accordance with the Dealership Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and (b) in respect of any Class B Notes, the date of issue of such Class B Notes stated in the relevant Class B Offering 
Circular. 
“Issue Price” means, in respect of the Class A Notes the price as stated in the relevant Final Terms, generally 
expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Class A Notes, at which the Class A Notes will be issued and, 
in respect of the Class B Notes, the Issue Price stated in the Class B Offering Circular. 
“Issuer” means AA Bond Co Limited, a company incorporated in Jersey (registered number 112992). 
“Issuer Account Bank” means Barclays Bank PLC (or any successor account bank appointed pursuant to the 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement). 
“Issuer Account Bank Agreement” means the account bank agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the Issuer, 
the Issuer Account Bank, and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
“Issuer Accounts” means the Issuer Transaction Accounts, the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account, the 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account together with any other account of the Issuer that may be opened from time 
to time (each an Issuer Account). 
“Issuer Cash Management Agreement” means the cash management agreement dated 2 July 2013 between, 
among others, inter alios, the Issuer, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
“Issuer Cash Manager” means AADL. 
“Issuer Charged Documents” means the Issuer Transaction Documents and the Finance Documents to which 
the Issuer is a party and all other contracts, documents, agreements and deeds to which it is, or may become, a party 
(other than the Issuer Deed of Charge, each Note Trust Deed and the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement). 
“Issuer Class A Transaction Documents” means the Class A Notes, the Class A Coupon and any Final 
Terms relating to the Class A Notes, the Class A Note Trust Deed (including the Class A Conditions), the Issuer Jersey 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Class A Agency Agreement, each Issuer Security Document, the Issuer Account 
Bank Agreement, the Common Terms Agreement, the STID, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Class A IBLA, the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer Hedging Agreements, the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement, the Tax Deed 
 
2 
Note that the only Irish Obligor, AA Ireland Limited, was released as an Obligor when it was disposed of in August 2016. 
3 
Note that this was released when AA Ireland Limited was disposed of in August 2016.

--- Page 339 ---
319 
  
of Covenant, any back-to-back hedging agreement between the Issuer and the Borrower and any other agreement, 
instrument or deed designated as such by the Issuer and the Class A Note Trustee. 
“Issuer Class B Transaction Documents” means the Class B Notes, the Class B Note Trust Deed (including 
the Class B Conditions, the First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed and the Second Supplemental Class B Note 
Trust Deed), the Class B Agency Agreement, each Class B IBLA, the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement, 
each Issuer Security Document, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, the STID, the Master Definitions Agreement, the 
Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant, and any other agreement, instrument or deed 
designated as such by the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee. 
“Issuer Common Documents” means: 
(a) 
each Issuer Security Document; 
(b) 
the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(c) 
the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(d) 
the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(e) 
the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement; and 
(f) 
any other agreement, instrument or deed designated as such by the Issuer and the Issuer Security 
Trustee. 
“Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement” means the corporate officer agreement dated 2 July 2013 between the 
Issuer and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider. 
“Issuer Corporate Officer Provider” means Intertrust Management Limited and any successors thereto. 
“Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account” means any account opened and maintained by the Issuer which may 
be credited with a cash reserve for satisfying all or part of the minimum debt service funding requirements set out in the 
CTA, or such other account as may be opened, with the consent of the Issuer Security Trustee, at any branch of the 
Issuer Account Bank in replacement of such account. 
“Issuer Deed of Charge” means the deed of charge dated 2 July 2013 entered into between the Issuer, the 
Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Class B Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent, the 
Class B Principal Paying Agent, the Class A Agent Bank, the Class A Transfer Agent, the Class B Transfer Agent, the 
Class A Registrar, the Class B Registrar and the Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank, the Liquidity Facility Agent 
and the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider as amended on 13 April 2015 and further amended on 29 January 2021. 
“Issuer Hedge Counterparty” means any entity which becomes a Party as a Hedge Counterparty to an Issuer 
Hedging Agreement and accedes as a Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
“Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium” means a premium or upfront payment received by the Issuer from a 
replacement hedge counterparty under a replacement hedge agreement with the Issuer to the extent of any termination 
payment due to an Issuer Hedge Counterparty under an Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
“Issuer Hedging Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro-forma 
Hedging Agreement (as amended from time to time) entered into by the Issuer and an Issuer Hedge Counterparty in 
accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each relevant Issuer Hedging Transaction is 
entered into) and which governs the Issuer Hedging Transactions between such parties, and such term includes the 
schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the Issuer Hedging Transactions 
entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
“Issuer Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt governed 
by an Issuer Hedging Agreement and entered into with the Issuer in accordance with the Hedging Policy. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or suspends making payments 
on any of its debts after taking into account amounts available to it under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement at the relevant time; 
(b) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer;

--- Page 340 ---
320 
  
(c) 
the commencement of negotiations by the Issuer with one or more creditors of the Issuer with a view 
to rescheduling any indebtedness of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes “bankrupt” within the meaning of Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) 
Law 1954; 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken (whether out of court or 
otherwise) in relation to: 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or a 
Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) in 
relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the 
Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) taking possession of the 
whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition or compromise (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditors (or any class of 
creditors) of the Issuer, a reorganisation of the Issuer, the winding up of the Issuer, a 
conveyance to or assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Issuer (or any class of 
creditors) or the making of an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection 
from the creditors of the Issuer (or any class of creditors); 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;  or 
(f) 
any distress, execution, diligence, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or imposed 
upon or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (excluding by the 
Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Issuer Deed of Charge) and such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) not 
being discharged or otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days. 
“Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement” means the Jersey law governed corporate services agreement 
letter dated 22 May 2013 entered into between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Issuer Jersey Corporate Services 
Provider. 
“Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider” means Mourant Governance Services (Jersey) Limited.  
“Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement” means the security interest agreement dated 2 July 2013 between 
Holdco and the Issuer Security Trustee in respect of the shares in the Issuer. 
“Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the liquidity standby account in the name of the Issuer.  
“Issuer Liquidity Shortfall” means after taking into account Cash Available to the Issuer, with respect to any 
LF Interest Payment Date (as determined by the Cash Manager on the Determination Date in respect of that LF Interest 
Payment Date), there will be insufficient funds to pay on such LF Interest Payment Date any of the amounts to be paid 
in respect of items (1) to (6) (inclusive but in the case of item 6, only including payments of principal that are part of the 
scheduled amortisation of Class A Notes but excluding any final payment on any Final Maturity Date and any 
Additional Class A Note Amounts and all termination payments and all other unscheduled amounts payable to any 
Issuer Hedge Counterparty payable under item 6(a) and 6(b)) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Issuer Payment Priorities” means the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Issuer Post- 
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Issuer Profit Amount” means £1,200 per annum to be retained by the Issuer as profit. 
“Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right” means, in respect of an Issuer Secured Creditor, any 
modification, consent, direction or waiver in respect of an Issuer Transaction Document that would: 
(a) 
result in an increase in or would adversely modify such Issuer Secured Creditor’s obligations or 
liabilities under such Issuer Transaction Document; 
(b) 
have the effect of adversely changing the Issuer Payment Priorities or application thereof in respect of 
such Issuer Secured Creditor;

--- Page 341 ---
321 
  
(c) 
release any Issuer Security (except where such release is expressly permitted by the Issuer Deed of 
Charge); 
(d) 
alter adversely the voting entitlement of such Issuer Secured Creditor under the STID or the 
Conditions; 
(e) 
in respect of an Issuer Hedge Counterparty, constitute an Entrenched Right pursuant to the definition 
of “Entrenched Right”; or 
(f) 
amend this definition. 
“Issuer Secured Creditors” means: 
(a) 
the Class A Noteholders, provided that the holders of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes will not be 
Issuer Secured Creditors until the Class A Closing Date in respect of such Sub-Class of Class A 
Notes; 
(b) 
the Class B Noteholders, provided that the holders of any class of Class B Notes will not be Issuer 
Secured Creditors until the Class B Closing Date in respect of such Class B Notes; 
(c) 
the Class A Note Trustee; 
(d) 
the Class B Note Trustee; 
(e) 
the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Issuer Secured Creditors) under the 
Issuer Security Documents; 
(f) 
each Issuer Hedge Counterparty under its Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
each Liquidity Facility Provider and the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement in respect of amounts owed to each of them by the Issuer from time to time; 
(h) 
the Issuer Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(i) 
the Class A Principal Paying Agent, Class B Principal Paying Agent, Class A Transfer Agent, Class B 
Transfer Agent, Class A Registrar, Class B Registrar and Class A Agent Bank under the Agency 
Agreements and any Calculation Agent under a Calculation Agency Agreement and any additional 
agents appointed by the Issuer from time to time; 
(j) 
the Issuer Cash Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(k) 
the Issuer Corporate Officer Provider under the Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement; 
(l) 
the Issuer Jersey Corporate Service Provider; and/or 
(m) 
any other person which accedes to the Issuer Deed of Charge as an Issuer Secured Creditor after the 
Closing Date or who becomes a Noteholder after the Closing Date. 
“Issuer Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of the Issuer to any Issuer Secured Creditor under each Issuer Transaction Document. 
“Issuer Security” means the Security Interests constituted by the Issuer Security Documents. 
“Issuer Security Document” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer Deed of Charge; and 
(b) 
the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement. 
“Issuer Security Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (or any successor trustee appointed 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge) as security trustee for the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
“Issuer Senior Debt” means any financial accommodation that is, for the purposes of the STID, to be treated 
as Issuer Senior Debt and includes: 
(a) 
the Class A Notes;

--- Page 342 ---
322 
  
(b) 
the liabilities under the Issuer Hedging Agreements; and 
(c) 
any further debt incurred in due course which ranks pari passu with the debt specified in (a) and 
(b) above. 
“Issuer Senior Secured Creditors” means the Issuer Secured Creditors other than the Class B Noteholders. 
“Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of the Issuer to any Issuer Senior Secured Creditor under each Issuer Class A Transaction Document. 
“Issuer Transaction Accounts” means those bank accounts of the Issuer opened with the Issuer Account 
Bank in accordance with the Issuer Account Bank Agreement but excluding the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account 
and the Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account. 
“Issuer Transaction Documents” means the Issuer Class A Transaction Documents and Class B Transaction 
Documents. 
“IT” means information technology. 
“Joint Venture” means any joint venture entity, partnership or similar person, the ownership of or other 
interest in which does not require any member of the Holdco Group to consolidate the results of that person with its 
own as a Subsidiary. 
“Joint Venture Receipts” means amounts received by any member of the Holdco Group in respect of 
repayments, redemptions, interest or distribution from, and Disposal Proceeds in respect of shares in, a Joint Venture. 
“Junior Finance Document” means: 
(a) 
any Class B IBLA; and 
(b) 
each other Class B Authorised Credit Facility; 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Documents; 
(d) 
the MDA; 
(e) 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(f) 
(A) any fee letter, commitment letter, arrangement letter, or request entered into in connection with (i) 
the facilities referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above or the transactions contemplated in such 
facilities and (B) any other document that has been entered into in connection with such facilities or 
the transactions contemplated thereby that has been designated as a Junior Finance Document by the 
parties thereto (including the Borrower); 
(g) 
any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to any of the above documents; and 
(h) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
“Junior Finance Party” means any Class B Authorised Credit Provider and any person which is a Finance 
Party under a Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Lead Manager” means in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, each person named as a lead manager 
in the relevant Subscription Agreement. 
“Letter of Credit” means a letter of credit under any Authorised Credit Facility. 
“LF Arrangers” means Banco Santander S.A., London Branch, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, London 
Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs International Bank, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London 
Branch. 
“LF Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to the term “LF Interest Payment Date” in each Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, as the context requires. 
“Liabilities” means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceedings or 
other liability whatsoever (including in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges including, in each

--- Page 343 ---
323 
  
case, any related costs, fines, penalties or interest (if any) but excluding any Excluded Tax) and legal fees and properly 
incurred expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
“Liabilities Acquisition” means, in relation to a person and to any Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities or 
Subordinated Investor Liabilities (as applicable), a transaction where that person: 
(a) 
purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) 
enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) 
enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a 
sub-participation in respect of, 
the rights and benefits in respect of those Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities or Subordinated Investor 
Liabilities (as applicable). 
“Limitation Acts” means the Limitation Act 1980 and the Foreign Limitation Periods Act 1984. 
“Liquidity Drawing” means a Liquidity Loan Drawing or a Standby Drawing (as applicable). 
“Liquidity Facility” means a liquidity facility made available under a Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility Agent” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Agent and any agent appointed pursuant to a 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility Agreement” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement and each other liquidity 
facility agreement the terms of which shall require that the relevant liquidity facility provider(s) has/have at least the 
Requisite Rating and which shall be substantially in the form of the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement having regard 
to the then customary market practice for such liquidity facilities and the requirements of the Rating Agency. 
“Liquidity Facility Providers” means the Initial Liquidity Facility Providers and any bank or financial 
institution which becomes a party to the Liquidity Facility Agreement as a liquidity facility provider. 
“Liquidity Facility Standby Account” means the respective reserve accounts to be opened, if required, in the 
name each of the Issuer and the Borrower (as applicable) and held at the applicable Liquidity Facility Provider in 
respect of whom the Standby Drawing has been made or, if such Liquidity Facility Provider does not have the Requisite 
Rating, at the Account Bank. 
“Liquidity Loan Drawing” means, unless otherwise stated in the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the principal 
amount of each borrowing under the Liquidity Facility Agreement which is not a Standby Drawing (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the term Liquidity Loan Drawing shall include any Liquidity Drawing from a Liquidity Facility 
Standby Account) or the principal amount outstanding of that borrowing. 
“Liquidity Required Amount” means, in respect of the Borrower and the Issuer, an amount (calculated on a 
rolling basis on each Test Date) which, in aggregate, is equal to the respective projected interest and commitment 
commission payments and payments of principal that are part of the scheduled amortisation (excluding any final 
payment on a Final Maturity Date) in respect of the (a) the Senior Term Facility and any other Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities which rank from time to time pari passu with the Senior Term Facility or any other Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility (excluding in each case principal payments under the Working Capital Facility and any payments under 
any Class A IBLA), (b) the Class A Notes and (c) scheduled payments under any Hedging Agreements to which the 
Borrower or, as the case may be, the Issuer is a party (excluding any termination payments and all other unscheduled 
amounts payable to any Issuer Hedge Counterparty or Borrower Hedge Counterparty) for a period of (i) if prior to a 
Qualifying Public Offering, 18 months following the relevant Test Date and (ii) upon and following a Qualifying Public 
Offering, 12 months (or such greater period not exceeding 18 months in order to maintain the then current rating of the 
Class A Notes) following the relevant Test Date under a Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Shortfall” means a Borrower Liquidity Shortfall and/or an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall, as applicable.  
“Loan Acceleration Notice” means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the STID 
by which the Obligor Security Trustee declares that some or all Obligor Secured Liabilities shall be accelerated. 
“Loan Enforcement Notice” means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the 
STID by which the Obligor Security Trustee declares that the Obligor Security has become enforceable. 
“Loan Interest Payment Date” means each interest payment date under each IBLA.

--- Page 344 ---
324 
  
“Maintenance Capital Expenditure” means, in respect of the Holdco Group and in respect of any period, any 
expenditure used to maintain and operate the assets of the Holdco Group and which should be treated as capital 
expenditure in the financial statements of the person incurring such expenditure in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles and including, of the avoidance of doubt, any expenditure on finance leases. For the avoidance of doubt, 
expenditure for the acquisition of businesses or arising from operating leases as defined in UK GAAP as at the date of 
the MDA shall not constitute Maintenance Capital Expenditure for the purposes of this definition. 
“Make-Whole Amount” means any premium payable on redemption of any Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities or Issuer Senior Debt in excess of: 
(a) 
the principal amount outstanding of such debt; plus 
(b) 
accrued interest on such debt. 
“Mandate and Syndication Letter” means the mandate and syndication letter dated on or around 2 July 2013 
between the mandate parties and Holdco as the same may be amended and re-executed from time to time. 
“Margin Regulations” means Regulations U and X issued by the Board of Governors of the United States 
Federal Reserve System. 
“Master Definitions Agreement” or “MDA” means the master definitions agreement entered into by, among 
others, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Class A Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Borrower, the 
Holdco Group Agent, the Cash Manager, Holdco and Topco on 2 July 2013 and amended and restated on 13 April 2015 
and further amended and restated on 29 January 2021. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on: 
(a) 
the consolidated business, assets or financial condition of the Holdco Group taken as a whole such 
that the Holdco Group taken as a whole would be reasonably likely to be unable to perform its 
payment obligations under any of the Senior Finance Documents; or 
(b) 
subject to the Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, the validity or enforceability of any 
Security Interests granted pursuant to any of the Senior Finance Documents in any way which is 
materially adverse to the interests of the Obligor Senior Secured Creditors under the Senior Finance 
Documents taken as a whole, and without duplication of any other cure period, if capable of remedy, 
not remedied within 20 Business Days of the Holdco Group Agent becoming aware of the issue or 
being given notice of the issue by the Facility Agent. 
“Material Company” means, at any time: 
(a) 
a Subsidiary of Holdco (other than IPCo) which has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation, calculated on the same basis as EBITDA, representing 5% or more of EBITDA; and 
(b) 
any member of the Holdco Group (other than IPCo) to which a Material Company disposes all or any 
substantial part of its assets. 
“MCOB” means the FCA’s Mortgages and Home Finance: Conduct of Business sourcebook. 
“Member State” means a member state of the European Union. 
“Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount” means £35,000,000 per annum, subject to any adjustment 
in accordance with the terms of the CTA. 
“Minimum Long Term Rating” means a BBB rating by S&P. 
“MIPRU” means the Prudential Sourcebook for Mortgage and House Finance Firms and Insurance 
Intermediaries of the PRA Handbook and the FCA Handbook. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Services Limited or any successor to its rating business. 
“Nationwide” means Nationwide 4x4 Ltd. 
“New Dealer” means any entity appointed as an additional Dealer in accordance with the Dealership 
Agreement.

--- Page 345 ---
325 
  
“New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS” means a structure where a Class A Note which is registered in the 
name of a Common Safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the Relevant Class A Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the Issue Date 
with the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“New Shareholder Injections” means the aggregate amount subscribed for by Topco for ordinary shares 
issued by Holdco provided that such shares are paid for in full in cash upon issue and which by their terms are not 
redeemable. 
“NFC Representation” is the representation given by the Issuer and the Borrower to the Hedge Counterparty 
under the Schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement that on each date and at each time on which the Borrower or the 
Issuer (as applicable) enters into a Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable) (which 
representation will be deemed to be repeated by the Issuer or the Borrower (as applicable) at all times while such 
Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable) remains outstanding) that: 
(a) 
it is either (i) a non-financial counterparty (as such term is defined in EMIR) or (ii) an entity 
established outside the EU that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having given due and proper 
consideration to its status, would constitute a non-financial counterparty (as such term is defined in 
EMIR) if it were established in the EU; and 
(b) 
it is not subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR (or, in respect of an entity under 
subparagraph (a)(ii) above, would not be subject to the clearing obligation if it were established in the 
EU) in respect of such Borrower Hedging Transaction or Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (b), it is assumed that the Borrower Hedging Transaction or 
Issuer Hedging Transaction (as applicable) is of a type that has been declared to be subject to the 
clearing obligation in accordance with Article 5 of EMIR and is subject to the clearing obligation in 
accordance with Article 4 of EMIR (whether or not in fact this is the case), and that any transitional 
provisions in EMIR are ignored. 
“NGB” or “New Global Note” means a Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Class A Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, in either case in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates is a New Global Note 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, both Eurosystem-eligible NGBs and Non-eligible NGBs). 
“Non-Base Currency” means a currency other than pounds sterling. 
“Non-eligible NGB” means a NGB which is not intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility, as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Note” means the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes. 
“Note Acceleration Notice” means a Class A Note Acceleration Notice and/or a Class B Note Acceleration 
Notice.  
“Note Instructing Group” means the Issuer in its capacity as the Class A Authorised Credit Provider under 
any Class A IBLA. 
“Note Interest Payment Date” means a Class A Note Interest Payment Date and/or a Class B3 Note Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be. 
“Note Trust Deed” means the Class A Note Trust Deed and/or the Class B Note Trust Deed. 
“Note Trustee” means the Class A Note Trustee and/or the Class B Note Trustee as the context requires.  
“Noteholders” means the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders. 
“Obligations” means all of the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Class A Notes and the 
Issuer Transaction Documents (and “Obligation” shall mean any one of them). 
“Obligor” means each Original Obligor, excluding any Original Obligor which has been disposed of, and such 
other Holdco Group members who become an Obligor and accedes to the CTA and the STID. 
“Obligor Junior Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors to whom Obligor Junior Secured 
liabilities are owed.

--- Page 346 ---
326 
  
“Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual 
or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor to any Obligor 
Secured Creditor under each Junior Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party. 
“Obligor Operating Accounts” means those bank accounts of the Obligors opened in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement but excluding any Designated Account. 
“Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments” means the provisions relating to the order of priority of 
payments set out in “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priority of 
Payments following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice” and “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities of Payment—Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments”. 
“Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments” means the provisions relating to the order of priority of 
payments set out in “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Obligor Priorities 
of Payment—Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments”. 
“Obligor Priorities of Payments” means the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Obligor 
Post- Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Obligor Secured Creditors” means: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the other Obligor Secured 
Creditors); 
(b) 
the Issuer; 
(c) 
the STF Lenders; 
(d) 
the WCF Lenders; 
(e) 
the WCF Agent; 
(f) 
the STF Agent; 
(g) 
the WCF Arrangers; 
(h) 
the STF Arrangers; 
(i) 
each Borrower Hedge Counterparty; 
(j) 
each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty; 
(k) 
each Liquidity Facility Provider, each LF Arranger and the Liquidity Facility Agent under the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement in respect of amounts owed to each of them by the Borrower from time 
to time; 
(l) 
the Borrower Account Bank; 
(m) 
any replacement Cash Manager who is not a member of the Holdco Group or an Affiliate thereof; 
(n) 
each other Authorised Credit Provider; 
(o) 
the AA Ireland Pension Trustee; 
(p) 
the AA UK Pension Trustee, until the ABF Implementation Date (if such date occurs); 
(q) 
any Additional Obligor Secured Creditors; and 
(r) 
any Receiver or delegate of a Receiver or Obligor Secured Creditor, 
and “Obligor Secured Creditor” means any one of them. 
“Obligor Secured Liabilities” means the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities and the Obligor Junior Secured 
Liabilities.

--- Page 347 ---
327 
  
“Obligor Secured Property” means the property, assets, rights and undertaking of each Obligor that are the 
subject of the Security Interests created in or pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and includes, for the 
avoidance of doubt, each Obligor’s rights to or interests in any chose in action and each Obligor’s rights under the 
Transaction Documents. 
“Obligor Security” means the Security Interests created or expressed to be created in favour of the Obligor 
Security Trustee or any other Obligor Secured Creditor pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
“Obligor Security Agreement” means the English Law governed security agreement dated 2 July 2013, 
between, among others, Holdco, Intermediate Holdco, the Borrower and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Obligor Security Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Agreement; 
(b) 
the TAAL Share Security Agreement; 
(c) 
the Irish Security Agreement; 
(d) 
the Irish Share Pledge; 
(e) 
the STID and each deed of accession thereto; and 
(f) 
any other document evidencing or creating security over any asset of an Obligor to secure any 
obligation of any Obligor to an Obligor Secured Creditor in respect of the Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“Obligor Security Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited or any successor appointed as 
security trustee pursuant to the STID. 
“Obligor Senior Discharge Date” means the date on which all of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities 
(excluding Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities (a) owing under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, (b) owing to the 
AA UK Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities and to the AA Ireland Pension Trustee in 
respect of the AA Ireland Secured Pension Liabilities and (c) for the purpose of paragraph 9 of Part A of the Obligor 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments only, constituting Subordinated Liquidity Amounts and Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts owing by the Borrower and any amounts under the Seventh Facility Fee owing by the Borrower) have been 
irrevocably discharged in full; 
“Obligor Senior Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors to whom Obligor Senior Secured 
liabilities are owed. 
“Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual 
or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each Obligor (i) to any 
Obligor Secured Creditor under each Senior Finance Document to which such Obligor is a party; and (ii) to the AA UK 
Pension Trustee in respect of the AA UK Secured Pension Liabilities and to the AA Ireland Pension Trustee in respect 
of the AA Ireland Secured Pension Liabilities. 
“Obligor STID Proposal” means, for the purposes of the Class A Noteholder voting mechanics in the Class A 
Note Trust Deed: 
(a) 
an Ordinary Voting Matter; 
(b) 
an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(c) 
a Direction Notice; 
(d) 
an Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(e) 
a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice; 
(f) 
a Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice; 
(g) 
a NIG LAN Notice; 
(h) 
a proposal giving rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the Issuer is an Affected Obligor 
Secured Creditor;

--- Page 348 ---
328 
  
(i) 
an instruction required in accordance with the STID; and/or 
(j) 
a request under the STID to hold a physical meeting of Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“OCB Treasury Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction (that is not a Hedging Transaction) entered 
into by an Obligor and an OCB Treasury Counterparty for the purposes of hedging risks arising in the ordinary course 
of business. 
“Offering” means an offering of the Class A Notes. 
“Official List” means the official list of Euronext Dublin. 
“Offsetting Transaction” means, in respect of a Treasury Transaction (the “Primary Transaction”) and the 
amounts determined pursuant to its terms by reference to a certain rate, measure or price, another Treasury Transaction 
pursuant to whose terms amounts are determined by reference to the same rate, measure or price, as specified in the 
Primary Transaction, and which therefore offset all of the amounts determined under the Primary Transaction in whole 
or in part (where any partial offset results solely from a difference between the Primary Transaction and the Offsetting 
Transaction in terms of quantum of the calculation amount and/or the quantum of the rate, measure or price specified), 
provided that where (a) the Primary Transaction forms part of a Hedging Agreement, the Offsetting Transaction shall 
also form part of a Hedging Agreement; and (b) where the Primary Transaction forms part of an OCB Secured Hedging 
Agreement, the Offsetting Transaction shall also form part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement. 
“Ordinary STID Resolution” means a resolution in respect of an Ordinary Voting Matter. 
“Ordinary Voting Matters” are matters which are not Discretion Matters, matters which are not the subject 
of an Enforcement Instruction Notice or Further Enforcement Instruction Notice or Extraordinary Voting Matters. 
“Original Class B Notes” means the £655,000,000 9.50% fixed rate Class B Secured Notes due 2043 issued 
by the Issuer on the Closing Date. 
“Original Financial Statements” means the audited financial statements of Holdco and the Borrower and the 
unaudited financial statements of Intermediate Holdco as the case may be, for its annual accounting period ended 
January 2013 and the audited consolidated financial statements of AA Limited in respect of itself and its subsidiaries for 
its annual accounting period ended 31 January 2013. 
“Original Obligor” means: 
(a) 
Holdco; 
(b) 
AA Acquisition Co Limited; 
(c) 
AA Senior Co Limited; 
(d) 
AA Corporation Limited; 
(e) 
The Automobile Association Limited; 
(f) 
Automobile Association Developments Limited; 
(g) 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Limited; 
(h) 
AA Financial Services Limited; 
(i) 
AA Media Limited;4 
(j) 
DriveTech (UK) Limited; 
(k) 
Intelligent Data Systems (UK) Limited; 
(l) 
Automobile Association Insurance Services Holdings Limited; and 
 
4  AA Media Limited was released as an Obligor pursuant to a deed of release dated 28 March 2019.

--- Page 349 ---
329 
  
(m) 
AA Ireland Limited.5 
“outstanding” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Class A Notes of all or any Sub-Class, all the Class A Notes of such Sub-Class 
issued other than: 
(i) 
those Class A Notes which have been redeemed in full or purchased, and cancelled, in 
accordance with Class A Condition 7 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation”) or otherwise under the Class A Note Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
those Class A Notes in respect of which the date (including, where applicable, any deferred 
date) for redemption in accordance with the Class A Conditions has occurred and the 
redemption monies for which (including premium (if any) and all interest payable thereon) 
have been duly paid to the Class A Note Trustee, the Class A Principal Paying Agent or the 
Class A Registrar, as applicable, in the manner provided in the Class A Agency Agreement 
(and where appropriate notice to that effect has been provided or published in accordance 
with Class A Condition 16 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Notices”)) and 
remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant Class A Notes and/or Class 
A Coupons and/or Class A Receipts; 
(iii) 
those Class A Notes which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, in each case, under Class A Condition 12 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A 
Notes—Prescription”); 
(iv) 
in the case of Class A Bearer Notes, those mutilated or defaced Class A Notes which have 
been surrendered and cancelled and in respect of which replacements have been issued 
pursuant to Class A Condition 13 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—
Replacement of Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons”); 
(v) 
in the case of Class A Bearer Notes (for the purpose only of ascertaining the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes and without prejudice to the status for any other 
purpose of the relevant Class A Notes) those Class A Notes which are alleged to have been 
lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to 
Class A Condition 13 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Replacement of Class A 
Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Receipts and Class A Talons”); 
(vi) 
the Class A Temporary Bearer Global Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for 
Class A Permanent Bearer Global Notes or Class A Definitive Notes pursuant to the 
provisions contained therein; 
(vii) 
the Class A Permanent Bearer Global Notes that remain in escrow pending exchange of the 
Class A Temporary Bearer Global Notes therefor, pursuant to the provisions contained 
therein; 
(viii) 
the Class A Permanent Bearer Global Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for 
Class A Bearer Definitive Notes pursuant to the provisions contained therein; and 
(ix) 
the Class A Bearer Notes to the extent that they have been exchanged for Class A Registered 
Notes pursuant to the provisions contained therein, 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(A) 
the right to vote on a Class A Voting Matter as envisaged by the Class A Note Trust 
Deed; 
(B) 
the determination of how many and which Class A Notes are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of the Class A Note Trust Deed and the Class A 
Conditions; 
(C) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Class A Note Trust 
Deed or vested by operation of law) which the Class A Note Trustee is required, 
 
5 
AA Ireland Limited was released as an Obligor when it was disposed of in August 2016.

--- Page 350 ---
330 
  
expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Class A 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(D) 
the determination by the Class A Note Trustee whether any of the events specified 
in Class A Condition 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the Class A Notes—Class A 
Note Events of Default”) is materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
the Class A Notes then outstanding, 
those Class A Notes of the relevant Sub-Class (if any) which are for the time being held by or on 
behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer, the Borrower or any member of the HoldCo Group, in each 
case as beneficial owner, shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; 
(b) 
in relation to the Class B Notes, all the Class B Notes other than: 
(i) 
those Class B Notes which have been redeemed in full or purchased, and cancelled, in 
accordance with Class B Condition 5 (“Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation”) or 
otherwise under the Class B Note Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
those Class B Notes in respect of which the date (including, where applicable, any deferred 
date) for redemption in accordance with the Class B Conditions has occurred and the 
redemption monies for which (including premium (if any) and all interest payable thereon) 
have been duly paid to the Class B Note Trustee or to the Class B Registrar in the manner 
provided in the Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been 
provided or published in accordance with Class B Condition 17 (“Notice to Class B 
Noteholders”)) and remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant Class B 
Notes; 
(iii) 
those Class B Notes which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, in each case, under Class B Condition 8 (“Prescription”); 
(iv) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of (and without prejudice to the status for any other 
purpose of the relevant Class B Notes) those Class B Notes which are alleged to have been 
lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to 
the Class B Conditions, 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(A) 
the right to vote on a Class B Voting Matter as envisaged by the Class B Note Trust 
Deed; 
(B) 
the determination of how many and which Class B Notes are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of the Class B Note Trust Deed and the Class B 
Conditions; 
(C) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Class B Note Trust 
Deed or vested by operation of law) which the Class B Note Trustee is required, 
expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Class B 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(D) 
the determination by the Class B Note Trustee whether any of the events specified 
in Class B Condition 11 is materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the 
Class B Notes then outstanding, 
those Class B Notes which are for the time being held by or on behalf of or for the benefit of the Borrower or 
any other member of the Holdco Group, in each case as beneficial owner, shall (unless and until ceasing to be 
so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Authorised Credit Facility that is a loan, the principal amount (or the Equivalent 
Amount) of any drawn amounts that are outstanding or committed under such Authorised Credit 
Facility;

--- Page 351 ---
331 
  
(b) 
in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Issuer Hedging 
Transactions arising under the Issuer Hedging Agreements of such Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
determined in accordance with the STID; 
(c) 
in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all Borrower 
Hedging Transactions arising under the Borrower Hedging Agreements of such Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty determined in accordance with the STID; 
(d) 
in respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, the net value (if greater than zero) of all OCB 
Secured Hedging Transactions arising under the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements of such OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty determined in accordance with the STID; and 
(e) 
in respect of any other Obligor Secured Liabilities, the outstanding principal amount (or the 
Equivalent Amount) of such debt on such date in accordance with the relevant Finance Document, 
on the date on which (i) the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors have been notified of a STID Voting 
Request, an Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice, a Qualifying Obligor 
Secured Creditor Instruction Notice (or when the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors intend to deliver a 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice) or a Direction Notice or as otherwise required 
pursuant to the STID, as the case may be, all as most recently certified or notified to the Obligor Security 
Trustee, where applicable, pursuant to the STID or (ii) the CTA as at the latest practicable date prior to any 
challenge of a Compliance Certificate. 
“Overlay Transaction” means, in respect of a Treasury Transaction (the “Overlaid Transaction”) and the 
amounts determined pursuant to its terms by reference to a certain rate, measure or price, another Treasury Transaction 
pursuant to whose terms some amounts are determined by reference to the same rate, measure or price as specified in 
the Overlaid Transaction and other amounts are determined by reference to a different rate, measure or price and 
therefore offset some but not all of the amounts determined under the Overlaid Transaction in whole or in part (where 
any partial offset results solely from a difference between the Overlaid Transaction and the Overlay Transaction in 
terms of quantum of the calculation amount and/or the quantum of the rate, measure or price specified), provided that 
where (a) the Overlaid Transaction forms part of a Hedging Agreement, the Overlay Transaction shall also form part of 
a Hedging Agreement; and (b) where the Overlaid Transaction forms part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, the 
Overlay Transaction shall also form part of an OCB Secured Hedging Agreement. 
“Participating Member State” means a member state of the EU that adopts and continues to adopt euro as its 
lawful currency under the legislation of the EU for European Monetary Union. 
“Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors” means the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors 
which participate in a vote on any STID Proposal or other matter pursuant to the STID. 
“Partnership” means the Scottish limited partnership to be established in connection with the implementation 
of the ABF. 
“Party” means, in relation to a Transaction Document, a party to such Transaction Document. 
“Paying Agents” means, in relation to all or any of the Class A Notes, the several institutions (including where 
the context permits the Principal Paying Agents) at their respective specified offices initially appointed as paying agents 
in relation to such Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, any Successor 
paying agents at their respective specified offices in relation to all or any of the Class A Notes as well as additional 
paying agents appointed under supplemental agency agreements as may be required in any jurisdiction in which Notes 
may be issued or sold from time to time. 
“Payment” means, in respect of any liabilities or obligations, a payment, prepayment, repayment, redemption, 
purchase, voluntary termination, defeasance or discharge of those liabilities or obligations and “Pay” has a 
corresponding meaning. 
“Payment Date” means, in respect of an Authorised Credit Facility, each date on which a payment is made or 
is scheduled to be made by an Obligor in respect of any obligations or liability under such Authorised Credit Facility. 
“PCWs” means price comparison websites. 
“Pensions Liabilities” means such amounts that are or may be payable by any member of the Holdco Group to 
the AA UK Pension Scheme, the AA Ireland Pension Scheme and any other pension scheme under law, any agreement 
relating to the funding of that scheme and any other agreement or instrument.

--- Page 352 ---
332 
  
“Pensions Regulator” means the body corporate called the Pensions Regulator established under Part 1 of the 
Pensions Act 2004. 
“Perfection Requirements” means the making or procuring of the appropriate registrations, filings and/or 
notifications of the Obligor Security Documents, Issuer Security Documents and/or Topco Security Documents and for 
the Security Interests created by them. 
“Permitted Acquisition” means: 
(a) 
an acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group of an asset sold, leased, transferred or otherwise 
disposed of by another member of the Holdco Group in circumstances constituting a Permitted 
Disposal or a Permitted Transaction; 
(b) 
an acquisition of shares or securities pursuant to a Permitted Share Issue or in respect of a Permitted 
Joint Venture Investment; 
(c) 
an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(d) 
an acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group other than Holdco of (x) more than 50% of the 
issued share capital of a limited liability company or (y) a business or undertaking (or part of a 
business or undertaking) carried on as a going concern) where in each case (in relation to both (x) and 
(y)) the following conditions are satisfied and certified as such in a certificate executed by the finance 
director of Holdco and delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee and any Facility Agent together with 
all relevant supporting documentation: 
(i) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing on the date of completion of the acquisition 
or would occur as a result of the acquisition; 
(ii) 
the acquired company (and its Subsidiaries), business or undertaking, or any interest therein, 
(the “Acquisition Target”) is incorporated or established, and carries on its principal 
business in the United Kingdom or Ireland and is engaged in a business which is a Permitted 
Business; 
(iii) 
where the Acquisition Target has negative earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation for its most recently completed four consecutive financial quarters prior to 
completion of the acquisition, after taking into account Anticipated Cost Savings (a 
“Negative Earnings Acquisition Target”), the aggregate of (A) such negative earnings and 
(B) the total negative earnings (for the four consecutive financial quarters prior to their 
acquisitions taking into account Anticipated Cost Savings as certified at that time) of all 
other Negative Earnings Acquisition Targets acquired by the Holdco Group (or any member 
thereof) in any three year period after the Closing Date, shall not exceed £10,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent); 
(iv) 
the Acquisition Target has no material contingent liabilities which are outside the ordinary 
course of trading except to the extent (A) reflected in the purchase price agreed with the 
vendor; (B) indemnified by the relevant vendor; (C) adequate insurance is maintained or (D) 
funds are held by the relevant member of the Holdco Group in a blocked account for the sole 
purpose of meeting such liabilities; 
(v) 
Holdco delivers any due diligence reports in relation to the Acquisition Target to the extent 
prepared which, in the case of any single acquisition (or series of related acquisitions) the 
Purchase Price of which is equal to or greater than £75,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed), 
must include an independent legal due diligence report in relation to the Acquisition Target 
prepared by appropriately experienced legal advisers and a financial due diligence report in 
relation to the Acquisition Target prepared by an appropriately experienced accountancy 
firm (and Holdco shall use best endeavours to provide reliance letters in respect of such legal 
and financial due diligence reports in form and substance satisfactory to the Obligor Security 
Trustee); 
(vi) 
save for any acquisition made in the periods referred to in paragraphs (viii) (A) and (B) 
below, any acquisition made during a Bank Debt Sweep Period or a Cash Accumulation 
Period is funded solely from Retained Excess Cashflow, a New Shareholder Injection, an 
Investor Funding Loan and/or Additional Financial Indebtedness;

--- Page 353 ---
333 
  
(vii) 
 (prior to the completion of the acquisition) the Acquisition Target is not owned directly or 
indirectly by any non-Holdco Group member of the Acromas Group or an Affiliate thereof; 
and 
(viii) 
the consideration (including associated costs and expenses and any deferred consideration) 
for the acquisition including any Financial Indebtedness and other actual or contingent 
liabilities remaining in the Acquisition Target or assumed or settled by a member of the 
Holdco Group at the date of the acquisition (together the “Purchase Price”) when 
aggregated with the Purchase Price for any other acquisition made pursuant to this paragraph 
(d) does not exceed: 
(A) 
in the period until the end of the Financial Year ending 31 January 2014, when 
aggregated with any Joint Venture Investment made during that period, 
£30,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed); 
(B) 
in the Financial Year ending 31 January 2015, when aggregated with any Joint 
Venture Investment made during that period, £60,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed); and 
(C) 
in any three year period after the Closing Date, when aggregated with any Joint 
Venture Investment made during that period, £250,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed); 
(e) 
the acquisition of the issued share capital of a limited liability company or limited liability partnership 
(including by way of formation) which has not traded or incurred any liabilities prior to the date of the 
acquisition; 
(f) 
any acquisition by a member of the Holdco Group of shares and loan notes of directors and 
employees whose appointment and/or contract is terminated, provided that the maximum aggregate 
consideration or principal of all such acquisitions does not exceed £10,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent) in any period of three years after the Closing Date; 
(g) 
any acquisition pursuant to a Permitted Tax Transaction; 
(h) 
any acquisition required to implement a Permitted Reorganisation; and 
(i) 
any acquisition to which the Obligor Security Trustee has given its prior written consent in 
accordance with the STID. 
“Permitted Business” means the business of: 
(a) 
roadside assistance; 
(b) 
driving services; 
(c) 
media and advertising; 
(d) 
home emergency services; 
(e) 
insurance broking; 
(f) 
financial services intermediation; and 
(g) 
activities which are deemed by the directors of the Borrower to be aligned to the brand of the 
Borrower and/or the strategic objectives of the Holdco Group operating as a whole provided that 
undertaking such activities would not result in a substantial change to the general nature of the 
business of the Holdco Group as conducted at the Closing Date, 
provided that: 
(i) 
(with the exception of the Existing Joint Ventures) the activities set out in paragraphs (a) to 
(g) above shall be undertaken solely within the UK and Ireland and, with respect to the 
activities set out in paragraphs (a) and (f) above only to the extent the same is carried out as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, Jersey; and

--- Page 354 ---
334 
  
(ii) 
without prejudice to any requirement resulting from any change in law or regulation in 
respect of any activity carried on by a member of the Holdco Group which would otherwise 
be Permitted Business, no member of the Holdco Group shall undertake any underwriting or 
banking or financing activities that would require any member of the Holdco Group to 
comply with regulatory capital or capital maintenance requirements (in each case other than 
any such activities to the extent they are carried out as at the Closing Date). 
“Permitted Debt Purchase Party” means any member of the Holdco Group, each Sponsor and Sponsor 
Affiliate. 
“Permitted Disposal” means a Disposal: 
(a) 
of trading stock made by any member of the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of business of the 
disposing entity; 
(b) 
(of any asset (including any shares in a member of the Holdco Group) by a member of the Holdco 
Group (the “Disposing Company”) to another member of the Holdco Group (the “Acquiring 
Company”), but only if: 
(i) 
where the Disposing Company is an Obligor and the Acquiring Company is not an Obligor, 
the Disposal is on arm’s length terms and the aggregate net consideration receivable in 
respect of any such Disposal does not exceed £20,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) in 
any period of three years after the Closing Date; and 
(ii) 
where the Disposing Company is an Obligor and the Acquiring Company is an Obligor, if 
the asset was subject to a Security Interest from the Disposing Company, upon the 
acquisition it is subject to an equivalent Security Interest given from the Acquiring 
Company; 
(c) 
of assets (other than shares, businesses, Real Property and Intellectual Property) in exchange for other 
assets of comparable or superior quality for use in connection with the Permitted Business; 
(d) 
of vehicles, plant and equipment or other fixed assets which in each case are obsolete or redundant; 
(e) 
of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or in exchange for other Cash Equivalent Investments; 
(f) 
constituted by a licence of intellectual property rights permitted by the CTA; 
(g) 
constituting a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(h) 
arising as a result of any Permitted Security or Permitted Reorganisation; 
(i) 
by a member of Holdco Group compulsorily required by law or regulation having the force of law or 
any order of any government entity made thereunder and having the force of law provided that and to 
the extent permitted by such law or regulation: 
(i) 
such Disposal is made for fair market value; and 
(ii) 
such Disposal does not have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(j) 
of cash in the ordinary course of trading or not otherwise prohibited under the Senior Finance 
Documents (including by way of Restricted Payment); 
(k) 
by way of the granting of easements or wayleaves over Real Property, or any part of them, in the 
ordinary course of trading of the disposing entity; 
(l) 
or any other Disposal approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant 
to the STID (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed — 
Extraordinary Voting Matters”); 
(m) 
of a Permitted Business (including any shares in any member of the Holdco Group that is a subsidiary 
of the Borrower other than any part of the UK roadside assistance business), provided that unless a 
Qualifying Public Offering has occurred prior to the date of completion of the Disposal (in which case 
the following sub-paragraphs shall not apply):

--- Page 355 ---
335 
  
(i) 
where the aggregate Disposal Proceeds for that Financial Year are equal to or less than 
£25,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed), the Disposal Proceeds from that Disposal are 
committed for reinvestment in a Permitted Business within 12 months of that Disposal and 
applied in such reinvestment within 18 months of that Disposal or, if not committed within 
12 months and/or applied within 18 months, applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior 
Secured Liabilities; 
(ii) 
to the extent aggregate Disposal Proceeds from that Financial Year from Disposals made 
pursuant to this paragraph (m) exceed £25,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) the excess 
Disposal Proceeds shall be applied in accordance with “Summary of the Common 
Documents— Common Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Mandatory Prepayment 
From Disposal Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds”; 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraphs (m)(i) and (ii), where a Trigger Event has occurred and is 
subsisting all Disposal Proceeds from a Disposal made pursuant to this paragraph (m) shall 
be applied in prepayment of the Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities; 
(n) 
of shares in any member of Holdco Group which is a dormant company for the purposes of the 
Companies Act 2006; 
(o) 
which is a Permitted Tax Transaction; 
(p) 
made in accordance with the PwC Structure Memorandum; 
(q) 
which is a lease or licence of Real Property in the ordinary course of business; 
(r) 
arising under sale/leaseback arrangements up to a maximum capitalised value of £10,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; and 
(s) 
of any assets that are otherwise permitted to be disposed of pursuant to paragraphs (d) or (m) of this 
definition to a limited liability special purpose vehicle established to acquire those assets on behalf of 
the Holdco Group, and the subsequent Disposal of that special purpose vehicle where the assets 
transferred to that special purpose vehicle are the only material assets thereof. 
“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means Financial Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred on the Closing Date under the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
which is Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
(c) 
arising under any Investor Funding Loan; 
(d) 
arising under a Permitted Loan or under or in respect of a Permitted Guarantee, Permitted Joint 
Venture Investment or as permitted by the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Treasury Transactions”); 
(e) 
of any person acquired by a member of the Holdco Group after the Closing Date which is incurred 
under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or having its 
maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and outstanding only for a 
period of six months following the date of acquisition; 
(f) 
under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or computers, or other assets useful for 
the business of the Holdco Group, provided that the aggregate capital value of all such items so leased 
under outstanding leases by members of the Holdco Group does not exceed £150,000,000 (Indexed) 
(or its equivalent) at any time subject to the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—
Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Financial Indebtedness”); 
(g) 
arising as a result of daylight exposures of any member of the Holdco Group in respect of net balance 
transfer arrangements made available on customary terms to members of the Holdco Group by its 
banks; 
(h) 
arising under sale/leaseback arrangements to the extent such arrangements are permitted under 
paragraph (r) of the definition of “Permitted Disposal”; 
(i) 
until the Closing Date, the Existing Indebtedness;

--- Page 356 ---
336 
  
(j) 
the indebtedness incurred by IPCo in relation to the ABF in accordance with the terms of the AA UK 
Pension Agreement; 
(k) 
any other Financial Indebtedness approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID 
Resolution pursuant to the STID; and 
(l) 
not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which, when 
aggregated with the aggregate principal amount guaranteed pursuant to paragraph (q) of the definition 
of “Permitted Guarantee”, does not exceed: 
(i) 
£20,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time; or 
(ii) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time. 
“Permitted Guarantee” means: 
(a) 
the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary course of trade; 
(b) 
any performance or similar Note, guarantee or indemnity or undertaking guaranteeing performance by 
a member of the Holdco Group under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business not 
being Financial Indebtedness (including any such contract entered into in undertaking the Permitted 
Business); 
(c) 
any guarantee permitted by the Common Terms Agreement (“Summary of the Common Documents— 
Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants—Financial Indebtedness”); 
(d) 
any guarantee given in respect of the netting or set-off arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph 
(d) of the definition of “Permitted Security”; 
(e) 
any guarantee granted under the Finance Documents; 
(f) 
any guarantee given by a member of the Holdco Group in relation to an Obligor’s obligations 
provided that if the relevant member of the Holdco Group granting the guarantee is not an Obligor it 
has unconditionally and irrevocably waived its rights of subrogation and to require contribution from 
such Obligor thereunder or otherwise subordinated such claims under the STID; 
(g) 
any guarantee by an Obligor of leasehold rental obligations of an Obligor (not being in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness); 
(h) 
any other guarantee approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution; 
(i) 
any indemnity given in the ordinary course of an acquisition or Disposal which is a Permitted 
Acquisition or Permitted Disposal which indemnity is in customary form and subject to customary 
limitations; 
(j) 
guarantees granted (prior to the relevant acquisition) by persons or undertakings acquired pursuant to 
a Permitted Acquisition (provided that such guarantees are not incurred, increased, or have their 
maturity date(s) extended in contemplation of, or following, the relevant acquisition) for a period of 
six months after the date of completion of the relevant acquisition; 
(k) 
any guarantee which, were it an extension of credit, would be permitted under the definition of 
“Permitted Loan” to the extent that the issuer of the relevant guarantee would have been entitled to 
make a loan in an equivalent amount under the definition of “Permitted Loan” to the person whose 
obligations are being guaranteed (other than a Permitted Loan under paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Permitted Loan); 
(l) 
indemnities given in favour of directors and officers of any member of the Holdco Group in respect of 
liabilities they may incur in discharging their duties as such; 
(m) 
indemnities given to professional advisers and consultants in the ordinary course of business or to the 
Rating Agency; 
(n) 
the guarantee dated 26 March 2009 (as amended on 26 March 2012) given by Automobile 
Association Insurance Services Limited to the AA UK Pension Trustees, the guarantees granted to the

--- Page 357 ---
337 
  
AA UK Pension Trustee under the AA UK Pension Agreement and the guarantee granted to the AA 
Ireland Pension Trustee under the AA Ireland Pension Agreement; 
(o) 
any indemnity granted to the trustee of any employee share option or unit trust scheme, in each case 
related to the Holdco Group; 
(p) 
any guarantee from TAAL in favour of a commercial counterparty or landlord in respect of 
obligations owing to such commercial counterparty or landlord which are novated from TAAL to 
AADL in accordance with the Business Transfer Deed; and 
(q) 
any guarantee not otherwise permitted under the preceding paragraphs, provided the outstanding 
principal amount guaranteed by all such guarantees, when aggregated with the aggregate of all loans 
made under paragraph (l) of the definition of “Permitted Loan”, does not exceed: 
(i) 
£20,000,000 (or its equivalent) (Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time; or 
(ii) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed) in aggregate for the Holdco Group at any time. 
“Permitted Hedge Termination” means the termination of a Hedging Transaction or an OCB Secured 
Hedging Transaction permitted in accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement 
or the Hedging Policy, as applicable. 
“Permitted Investor Payment” means a payment referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Permitted Payment”. 
“Permitted Joint Venture Investment” means: 
(a) 
any investment in any Existing Joint Venture; 
(b) 
any investment in the Joint Venture to be entered into by a member of the Holdco Group with law 
firms practicing personal injury claims in relation to the establishment of an “alternative business 
structure” law firm; and 
(c) 
any other investment in any Joint Venture in respect of which no member of the Holdco Group has 
unlimited liability to contribute funds to the Joint Venture, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
the Joint Venture carries on its principal business in the United Kingdom, Ireland or, in 
respect of the Existing Joint Ventures, France and Belgium; 
(ii) 
the Joint Venture is engaged in a Permitted Business; 
(iii) 
save for any investment made in the period from the Closing Date until the end of the 
Financial Year ending 31 January 2015, any Joint Venture Investment made during a Bank 
Debt Sweep Period or a Cash Accumulation Period is funded solely from Retained Excess 
Cashflow, a New Shareholder Injection, an Investor Funding Loan, Additional Financial 
Indebtedness or Joint Venture Receipts; 
(iv) 
the aggregate of all amounts subscribed for shares in, lent to, or invested in all such Joint 
Ventures by any member of the Holdco Group (each such subscription, loan, investment 
being a “Joint Venture Investment”) does not exceed £30,000,000 (or its equivalent) 
(Indexed) in any three year period after the Closing Date; 
(v) 
no Trigger Event is subsisting or would result from making of that Joint Venture Investment; 
and 
(vi) 
no Sponsor and no Affiliate of any of the Sponsors or of any member of the Holdco Group 
has any interest in that Joint Venture. 
“Permitted Loan” means: 
(a) 
any trade credit extended by any member of the Holdco Group to its customers, tenants or licensees, 
on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of trade;

--- Page 358 ---
338 
  
(b) 
a loan that is a Permitted Joint Venture Investment; 
(c) 
a loan made by an Obligor to another Obligor or made by a member of the Holdco Group which is not 
an Obligor to another member of the Holdco Group (provided that any such loan from a member of 
the Holdco Group that is not an Obligor to an Obligor is subordinated pursuant to the STID); 
(d) 
any loan made by an Obligor to a member of the Holdco Group which is not an Obligor so long as the 
aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans does not exceed £25,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; 
(e) 
a loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an employee or director of any member of the 
Holdco Group, or a loan to a trust or special purpose vehicle to fund the acquisition of shares and loan 
notes of directors and employees whose appointment and/or contract is terminated, or any employee 
share scheme or unit trust scheme, if the principal amount of that loan (when aggregated with the 
amount of all other loans made pursuant to this paragraph by members of the Holdco Group) does not 
exceed £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; 
(f) 
any loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an Excluded Group Entity in accordance with the 
Class A Restricted Payments Condition which is permitted to be made under the CTA; 
(g) 
a loan pursuant to a facility agreement entered into by AA Corporation Limited or any other member 
of the Holdco Group in connection with a marketing collaboration agreement with AA Cars or any of 
its Affiliates to facilitate the entry by the Holdco Group into the used car sales market; provided that 
the total commitments under such facility agreement shall at no time exceed £1,000,000; 
(h) 
any loans described in the PwC Structure Memorandum; 
(i) 
any deferred consideration in respect of a Permitted Disposal in an amount not exceeding the lower of 
£10,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) and 20% of the sale consideration; 
(j) 
any other loans or grant of credit approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID 
Resolution; 
(k) 
any loan from the Borrower to the Issuer funded from Retained Excess Cashflow, Additional 
Financial Indebtedness, New Shareholder Injection or Investor Funding Loan for the purpose of 
crediting the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account for the purposes of satisfying the minimum 
liquidity requirements set out in the CTA; and 
(l) 
any loan not permitted pursuant to one of the proceeding paragraphs so long as the aggregate amount 
of the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans does not exceed £5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent) at any time. 
“Permitted Payment” means any payment: 
(a) 
to Automobile Association Insurance Company Limited (Gibraltar) or AA Reinsurance Company 
Limited (Guernsey) for the purpose of providing Capital Resources to such entity to ensure that it 
meets its Regulatory Capital Requirements at the relevant time, provided the aggregate of all such 
payments made pursuant to this paragraph while any Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities are 
outstanding does not exceed £40,000,000 and provided that, in respect of each such payment: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger 
Event Ratio Level; 
(ii) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the payment is made; and 
(iii) 
the payment is made within 90 days of the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate; 
(b) 
to any Excluded Group Entity other than pursuant to paragraph (a) above provided that: 
(i) 
either no amounts under the Senior Term Facility are outstanding or a Qualifying Public 
Offering has occurred; 
(ii) 
unless a Qualifying Public Offering has occurred, no Cash Accumulation Period is 
continuing;

--- Page 359 ---
339 
  
(iii) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger 
Event Ratio Level; 
(iv) 
the ratio of Total Class A Net Debt as at the most recent Test Date to EBITDA in respect of 
the Test Period ending on that Test Date calculated pro forma for such payment does not 
exceed 5.5:1; 
(v) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the payment is made; 
(vi) 
the payment is funded from Retained Excess Cashflow or Additional Financial Indebtedness; 
and 
(vii) 
the payment is made within 90 days of the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate 
delivered (x) with Financial Statements (where the payment is funded from Retained Excess 
Cashflow) or (y) pursuant to the CTA (see “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Covenants—Compliance Certificate”) (where the payment is funded 
from Additional Financial Indebtedness); 
(c) 
under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility provided that either: 
(i) 
the Class A FCF DSCR in respect of the most recent Test Period is not less than the Trigger 
Event Ratio Level and no Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting at the time the 
payment is made; or 
(ii) 
the payment is funded from amounts referred to in and made in accordance with “Summary 
of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—General Covenants— 
Payments under Class A Notes, Class A IBLA and Class B Authorised Credit Facility”), 
and in either case the payment is made on a Loan Interest Payment Date in respect of a Class A IBLA 
falling on or prior to the Final Maturity Date in respect of that Class B Authorised Credit Facility; or 
(d) 
to any Class A Authorised Credit Provider under any Class A Authorised Credit Facility in 
accordance with the Senior Finance Documents. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(a) 
a reorganisation, on a solvent basis, involving the business or assets of, or shares of (or equivalent 
ownership interests in), any member of the Holdco Group (other than Holdco, Intermediate Holdco, 
the Borrower and AA Corporation) where: 
(i) 
no CTA Event of Default is subsisting or would result from the reorganisation; 
(ii) 
all of the business, assets and shares of (or other equivalent ownership in) the relevant 
member of the Holdco Group continue to be owned directly or indirectly by Holdco in the 
same or a greater percentage as prior to such reorganisation save for: 
(A) 
the shares of (or equivalent ownership interests in) any member of the Holdco 
Group which has been merged into another member of the Holdco Group or which 
has otherwise ceased to exist (including by way of the collapse of a solvent 
partnership or solvent winding up of a corporate entity) as a result of a 
reorganisation which is otherwise permitted in accordance with this definition; or 
(B) 
the business, assets and shares of (or equivalent ownership interests in) relevant 
members of the Holdco Group which cease to be owned: 
(I) 
as a result of a Permitted Disposal or merger permitted under, but subject 
always to the terms of the Senior Finance Documents; or 
(II) 
as a result of a cessation of business or solvent winding-up of the relevant 
member of the Holdco Group in conjunction with a distribution of all or 
substantially all of its assets remaining after settlement of its liabilities to its 
immediate shareholder(s) or other persons directly holding equivalent 
ownership interests in it; or

--- Page 360 ---
340 
  
(III) 
as a result of a Disposal of shares (or equivalent ownership interests) in a 
member of the Holdco Group required to comply with applicable laws, 
provided that any such Disposal is limited to the minimum amount required 
to comply with such applicable laws; and 
(iii) 
the Obligor Secured Creditors (or the Obligor Security Trustee on their behalf) will continue 
to have the same or substantially equivalent guarantees and security (ignoring for the 
purpose of assessing such equivalency any security from any entity which has ceased to exist 
as contemplated in sub-paragraph (a)(ii)(A) above) over the same or substantially equivalent 
assets and shares (or equivalent ownership interests) than over any shares (or equivalent 
ownership interests) which have ceased to exist as contemplated in sub-paragraph (a)(ii)(A) 
above), in each case to the extent such assets, shares or equivalent ownership interests are 
not disposed of as permitted under, but subject always to, the terms of the Senior Finance 
Documents; 
provided that, in all cases: 
(A) 
in the case of any transfer of shares, such shares are subject to security in favour of 
the Obligor Secured Creditors (or the Obligor Security Trustee on their behalf) 
which is equivalent to any security applicable to such shares immediately prior to 
such reorganisation; 
(B) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall receive: 
(I) 
a copy of all relevant corporate authorisations of relevant member of the 
Holdco Group authorising the reorganisation; and 
(II) 
a copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance 
(including the execution (or re-execution) of any Obligor Security 
Document) which the Obligor Security Trustee may specify in connection 
with the entry into and implementation of the reorganisation; 
(b) 
the reorganisation of TAAL’s business in Jersey on the terms contained in the Business Transfer 
Deed; 
(c) 
implementation of the ABF on terms which conform in all material respects to the terms applicable to 
those documents as described in schedule 3 of the AA UK Pension Agreement; 
(d) 
any reorganisation contemplated by the PwC Structure Memorandum; and 
(e) 
any other reorganisation involving one or more members of the Holdco Group approved by the 
Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the STID. 
“Permitted Security” means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents; 
(b) 
with effect from the ABF Implementation Date, any Security Interests granted in favour of the 
Partnership in all material respects in accordance with the terms set out in the AA UK Pension 
Agreement Securing Financial Indebtedness owed by IPCo to the Partnership in respect of the ABF in 
an amount not exceeding £200,000,000; 
(c) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
trading and not as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Holdco Group; 
(d) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Holdco Group with an 
Acceptable Bank in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit 
and credit balances of members of the Holdco Group but only so long as (i) such arrangement does 
not permit credit balances of Obligors to be netted or set-off against debit balances of members of the 
Holdco Group which are not Obligors and (ii) such arrangement does not give rise to other Security 
Interests over the assets of Obligors in support of liabilities of members of the Holdco Group which 
are not Obligors (except in the case of (i) and (ii), to the extent such netting, set off or Security 
Interest relates to or is granted in support of, a loan permitted pursuant to paragraph (d) of the 
definition of “Permitted Loan”);

--- Page 361 ---
341 
  
(e) 
rights of set-off existing in the ordinary course of trading between any member of the Holdco Group 
and its customers; 
(f) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Holdco 
Group after the Closing Date if: 
(i) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of 
that asset by a member of the Holdco Group; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the 
acquisition of that asset by a member of the Holdco Group; and 
(iii) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security is removed or discharged within 6 months of the date 
of acquisition of such asset; 
(g) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a 
member of the Holdco Group after the Closing Date, where the Security Interest or quasi-security is 
created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Holdco Group if: 
(i) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of 
that company; 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition 
of that company; and 
(iii) 
the Security Interest or quasi-security is removed or discharged within 6 months of that 
company becoming a member of the Holdco Group; 
(h) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional 
sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a member of 
the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier’s standard or usual terms and 
not arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Holdco Group; 
(i) 
any quasi-security arising as a result of a Disposal which is a Permitted Disposal; 
(j) 
any Security or quasi-security arising under any escrow arrangements put in place in relation to 
consideration payable by a member of the Holdco Group in respect of a Permitted Acquisition; 
(k) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising as a consequence of any finance or capital lease 
permitted pursuant to (e) of the definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”; 
(l) 
any netting or set-off arrangement under any ISDA Master Agreement entered into in respect of any 
Hedging Transaction or Treasury Transaction for the purposes of determining its obligations by 
reference to its net exposure under that agreement (and for the avoidance of doubt, not as a credit 
support provider under any such agreement); 
(m) 
any netting or set-off arrangement or quasi-security constituting a Permitted Transaction; 
(n) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security arising in the ordinary course of trade over documents of title 
or goods as part of a letter of credit transaction or in respect of other Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness; 
(o) 
any Security over any rental deposits in respect of any Real Property leased or licensed by a member 
of the Holdco Group in the ordinary course of business; 
(p) 
any Security over documents of title and goods as part of a documentary credit transaction; 
(q) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security over bank accounts (other than the Designated Accounts) of a 
member of the Holdco Group in favour of the account holding bank with whom that member of the 
Holdco Group maintains a banking relationship in the ordinary course of trade and granted as part of 
that bank’s standard terms and conditions; 
(r) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID 
Resolution;

--- Page 362 ---
342 
  
(s) 
any Security Interest arising under statute or by operation of law in favour of any government, state or 
local authority in respect of taxes, assessments or government charges which are being contested by 
the relevant member of the Holdco Group in good faith and with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(t) 
any Security Interest created in respect of any pre-judgment legal process or any judgment or judicial 
award relating to security for costs, where the relevant proceedings are being contested in good faith 
by the relevant member of the Holdco Group by appropriate procedures and with a reasonable 
prospect of success; 
(u) 
any Security Interest in respect of the existing Financial Indebtedness provided such Security Interests 
are discharged in full on the Closing Date; 
(v) 
any Security Interest which has been registered with the Registrar of Companies of England and 
Wales in respect of Financial Indebtedness which was irrevocably paid and discharged in full and all 
related commitment cancelled and in relation to which there is no obligation on the relevant creditor 
to provide any further financial accommodation provided that Holdco shall procure that the relevant 
member of the Holdco Group registered as chargor uses its best endeavours to file a statement with 
the Registrar of Companies of England and Wales that the whole of the property charged has been 
released from the charge in the form of Form OSMG03 (or another equivalent form) as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Closing Date; 
(w) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to the Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement; and 
(x) 
any Security Interest or quasi-security securing indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of 
which (when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness which has 
the benefit of Security Interest given by any member of the Holdco Group other than any permitted 
under paragraphs (a)to (w) above) does not exceed: 
(i) 
£20,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent) at any time; or 
(ii) 
following the completion of a Qualifying Public Offering, £50,000,000 (Indexed) (or its 
equivalent) at any time; 
but, in each case other than paragraphs (a) and (b), excluding any such Security Interest or quasi-security over 
any Intellectual Property. 
“Permitted Share Issue” means: 
(a) 
an issue of shares by Holdco to its immediate Holding Company paid for in full in cash upon issue 
and which by their terms are not redeemable; 
(b) 
any issue of shares by a member of the Holdco Group to another member of the Holdco Group, 
provided that if the shares of the issuer are subject to a Security Interest under the Obligor Security 
Documents the newly issued shares are made subject to the same Security Interest within 45 days of 
their issuance; 
(c) 
where the issue is described in the PwC Structure Memorandum or constitutes a Permitted 
Transaction; 
(d) 
any issue of shares by a member of the Holdco Group that has been acquired pursuant to 
paragraph (e) of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition” provided that such member of the Holdco 
Group has not traded prior to such issue and does not own any assets at the time of such issue and 
provided that, upon such issue, that member of the Holdco Group ceases to be a Subsidiary of 
Holdco; and 
(e) 
any other issue of shares approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution.  
“Permitted Tax Transaction” means any Group Relief transaction or payment for Group Relief or agreement 
relating to any tax benefit or relief or any other agreement in relation to tax between any Security Group Company and 
any other member of the AA Group (including without limitation, (a) any payment (i) from any Security Group 
Company to AA Limited of an amount that would otherwise be due from that Security Group Company to HMRC on 
account of that Security Group Company’s corporation tax liability or (ii) from AA Limited to any Security Group 
Company of an amount that would otherwise be due from HMRC to that Security Group Company on account of a 
repayment of corporation tax or (b) any payment between any Security Group Company and AA Limited in relation to

--- Page 363 ---
343 
  
such Security Group Company’s membership of the AA VAT Group) or between any Security Group Company and a 
member of the Saga Group, in each case subject to and in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
“Permitted Transaction” means: 
(a) 
any Disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, guarantee, indemnity or Security Interest or 
quasi-security given, or other transaction arising, under the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
arrangements constituting a Permitted Reorganisation; 
(c) 
where necessary to comply with tax or other legislation, any conversion of Subordinated Intragroup 
Liabilities into distributable reserves or, if required to so comply, registered share capital; provided 
that where the Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities were subject to a Security Interest under the 
Obligor Security Documents the share capital that Subordinated Intragroup Liability is converted into 
is subject to the same, or materially similar, Security Interest within 60 days of the conversion; 
(d) 
any Permitted Tax Transaction; or 
(e) 
any other transaction approved or consented to by way of an Extraordinary STID Resolution pursuant 
to the STID. 
“personal member” means an individual who directly subscribes for roadside assistance coverage directly 
through a membership agreement with us within the B2C market. 
“personal member market” means the market made up of individuals that directly subscribe for or purchase 
roadside assistance cover or other products and services. 
“Potential Class A Note Event of Default” means any event which, with the lapse of time and/or the giving 
of any notice and/or the making of any determination (in each case where the lapse of time and/or giving of notice 
and/or determination is provided for in the terms of such Class A Note Event of Default, and assuming no intervening 
remedy), will become a Class A Note Event of Default. 
“Potential CTA Event of Default” means any event which, with the lapse of time and/or the giving of any 
notice and/or the making of any determination (in each case where the lapse of time and/or giving of notice and/or 
determination is provided for in the terms of such CTA Event of Default, and assuming no intervening remedy), will 
become a CTA Event of Default. 
“PPF” means Pension Protection Fund. 
“PP Note Issuer” means such member of the Holdco Group which issues PP Notes from time to time. 
“PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement” means an ISDA Master Agreement substantially in the form of the Pro 
Forma Hedging Agreement to the Hedging Policy (as amended from time to time) entered into by the PP Note Issuer 
and a PP Note Issuer Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time each 
relevant PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction is entered into) and which governs the PP Note Issuer Hedging 
Transactions between such parties, and such term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and the 
confirmations evidencing the PP Note Issuer Hedging Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
“PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction” means any Treasury Transaction with respect to the Relevant Debt 
governed by a PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement and entered into with the PP Note Issuer in accordance with the 
Hedging Policy. 
“PP Note Purchase Agreement” means a note purchase agreement pursuant to which the PP Note Issuer 
issues PP Notes from time to time. 
“PP Note SCR Agreement” means each secured creditor representative agency deed authorising a party to 
act, and be named in the relevant accession memorandum, as Secured Creditor Representative for the relevant PP 
Noteholders. 
“PP Note Secured Creditor Representative” means any other person who is appointed as Secured Creditor 
Representative for PP Noteholders and authorised to act as such under a PP Note SCR Agreement. 
“PP Noteholders” means those institutions which hold PP Notes from time to time.

--- Page 364 ---
344 
  
“PP Notes” means the privately placed notes issued by the PP Note Issuer from time to time under and 
pursuant to a PP Note Purchase Agreement. 
“PPNIBLA” means any loan agreement entered into between the PP Note Issuer and the Borrower from time 
to time. 
“PRA” means Prudential Regulation Authority or any successor from time to time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in relation to a Note or Sub-Class, the original face value thereof 
less any repayment of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Sub-Class. 
“Principal Paying Agents” means the Class A Principal Paying Agent and/or the Class B Principal Paying 
Agent, as the case may be. 
“Programme” means the £5,000,000,000 multicurrency Note programme established under, or otherwise 
contemplated in, the Dealership Agreement. 
“Programme Limit” means £5,000,000,000. 
“Prospectus” means (a) the prospectus relating to the Class A Notes prepared in connection with the 
Programme and constituting (in the case of Class A Notes to be listed on a Stock Exchange), to the extent specified in 
it, a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, supplemented or amended from time to 
time by the Issuer and, in relation to each Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be 
included in the Prospectus and (b) any additional standalone or drawdown prospectus that may be prepared by the 
Borrower and the Issuer from time to time in connection with the issuance of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament. 
“PwC Structure Memorandum” means the structure and tax memorandum entitled “Project Acorn-Proposed 
Refinancing of Debt” by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated 1 July 2013. 
“QIB” or “qualified institutional buyer” has the meaning given to it in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities 
Act 1933. 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors” means each Obligor Secured Creditor to which Qualifying Obligor 
Junior Secured Liabilities are owed, acting through its Secured Creditor Representative(s). 
“Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities” means, at any time: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class B IBLA at such time; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any other Class B Authorised Credit Facility at such time; 
and 
(c) 
following the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, 
in respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and the matters described in the STID only, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of that OCB Secured 
Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction Notice” means, in respect of any matter which is not the 
subject of a STID Proposal or an Enforcement Instruction Notice or a Further Enforcement Instruction Notice and 
except where expressly provided for otherwise in the STID, an instruction to the Obligor Security Trustee from any 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor which by itself or together with any other Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor(s) 
is or are owed Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities having an aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of at least 
20% (or such other percentage as may be required pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement) of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors” means (a) each Obligor Secured Creditor to which Qualifying 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities are owed, acting through its Secured Creditor Representative(s) and (b) each Issuer 
Hedge Counterparty for the purposes of paragraph (c) of the definition of “Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured 
Liabilities”. 
“Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities” means, at any time: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under any Class A IBLA at such time;

--- Page 365 ---
345 
  
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount under each other Class A Authorised Credit Facility (including any 
PP Note Purchase Agreement where the Borrower is the PP Note Issuer or PPNIBLA constituting a 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility but excluding any Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Borrower 
Hedging Agreements) at such time; 
(c) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Issuer Hedge Counterparty 
and the matters described under “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed—Qualified Obligor Secured Liabilities” only, the Outstanding Principal Amount 
under the Issuer Hedging Transactions of that Issuer Hedge Counterparty at such time; 
(d) 
subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in respect of each Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty and the matters described under “Summary of the Common Documents—Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed—Qualified Obligor Secured Liabilities” only, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount under the Borrower Hedging Transactions of that Borrower Hedge Counterparty at such 
time; and 
(e) 
prior to the Obligor Senior Discharge Date, subject to Entrenched Rights which apply at all times, in 
respect of each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty and the matters described under “Summary of the 
Common Documents—Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed—Qualified Obligor Secured Liabilities” 
only, the Outstanding Principal Amount under the OCB Secured Hedging Transactions of the OCB 
Secured Hedge Counterparty at such time. 
“Qualifying Public Offering” means a listing of all or any part of the share capital of Holdco or any of the 
Holding Companies of Holdco (other than any such Holding Company that is also a Holding Company of the Saga 
Group) on any recognised investment exchange (as that term is defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(England and Wales)) or other exchange or market in any jurisdiction or country, provided that: 
(a) 
the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA for the most recent Test Period (calculated on a pro forma 
basis to take account of any prepayment of the Obligor Secured Liabilities from the proceeds of such 
listing (but not taking account of such proceeds in the calculation of Total Net Debt to the extent that 
such proceeds are not applied in prepayment) and to take into account any Restricted Payment to be 
made on or around completion of that listing to the extent funded by Cash or Cash Equivalent 
Investments of the Holdco Group) is less than 4.25:1; and 
(b) 
the Ratings Agency confirmed, on or about the time of the offering, in a form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee, that the rating of the Class A Notes would, 
following the proposed listing, be BBB or higher. 
“RAO” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (as amended). 
“Rating Agency” means S&P and any successor. 
“Rating Confirmation” in respect of a proposed action means a confirmation in writing by the Rating Agency 
from time to time (who gives such Rating Confirmations as a part of its mandate), in respect of each Class or Sub-Class 
of the relevant Notes, to the effect that the then rating on such Class or Sub-Class of Class A Notes would not be 
reduced below the lower of (a) the Initial Rating of such Notes or (b) the then current credit rating (before the proposed 
action). 
“Real Property” means: 
(a) 
any freehold, leasehold or immovable property; and 
(b) 
any buildings, fixtures, fittings, fixed plant or machinery from time to time situated on or forming part 
of that freehold, leasehold or immovable property. 
“Recast Insolvency Regulation” means EC Regulation No. 848/2015 on Insolvency Proceedings. 
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager, receiver and manager or Administrative Receiver who (in the case 
of an Administrative Receiver) is a qualified person in accordance with the Insolvency Act 1986 and who is appointed: 
(a) 
by the Obligor Security Trustee under the Obligor Security Documents in respect of the whole or any 
part of the Obligor Security; 
(b) 
by the Issuer Security Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge in respect of the whole or any part of 
the Issuer Security; or

--- Page 366 ---
346 
  
(c) 
by the Obligor Security Trustee, under the Topco Security Documents in respect of whole or part of 
the Topco Security. 
“Registered Definitive Note” means a Class A Registered Definitive Note or a Class B Registered Definitive 
Note. 
“Registered Note” means a Class A Registered Note or a Class B Note. 
“Registrars” means the Class A Registrar and/or the Class B Registrar, as the case may be. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities 
Act.  
“Regulation S Global Note” means a Class A Regulation S Global Note or a Class B Regulation S Global 
Note. 
“Regulations” means (a) in respect of the Class A Notes, the regulations concerning the transfer of Class A 
Notes as the same may be promulgated from time to time by the Issuer and approved by the Class A Registrar and the 
Class A Note Trustee (the initial such regulations being set out in the Class A Agency Agreement) and (b) in respect of 
the Class B Notes, the regulations concerning the transfer of Class B Notes as the same may be promulgated from time 
to time by the Issuer and approved by the Class B Registrar and the Class B Note Trustee (the initial such regulations 
being set out in the Class B Agency Agreement). 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID, has the meaning 
given to that term in clause 28.10 (Maintenance of Regulatory Capital) of the STID; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of Restricted Cash, means in relation to an Authorised Person the 
minimum Capital Resources which it is required to maintain at a solo level and a consolidated level 
(i) under INSPRU 6, GENPRU 2.1 or MIPRU 4.2 as applicable or, if greater, (ii) pursuant to 
individual capital guidance given by the PRA and/or the FCA, as the case may be; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of the definition of Permitted Payment, means such capital requirements as are 
imposed on Automobile Association Insurance Company Limited (Gibraltar) or AA Reinsurance 
Company Limited (Guernsey) and any other member of the AA Group which is a regulated entity by 
any regulatory authority of any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Relevant Debt” means any principal amount outstanding (without double counting) under the Class A Notes, 
the Class A IBLA, any debt under any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility and any other debt incurred by the 
Issuer, the Borrower and/or the PP Note Issuer from time to time that bears interest at a floating rate and is denominated 
in a Foreign Currency and bears interest at a fixed rate and in either case that ranks pari passu with the foregoing debt 
(other than (i) any Liquidity Facility, (ii) any Hedging Agreement, (iii) any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, (iv) any 
amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the Fifth Facility Fee, (v) any amounts payable to the Issuer by way of the 
Sixth Facility Fee and (vi) any back-to-back hedge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower). 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Class A Note, the financial centre specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Relevant Rate is most closely 
connected as determined by the Class A Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable). 
“Relevant Interbank Market” means the London interbank market. 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means, in relation to an Obligor: 
(a) 
its jurisdiction of incorporation; 
(b) 
any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or intended to be subject to the Obligor Security 
Documents to be created by it is situated; 
(c) 
any jurisdiction where it conducts its business; and 
(d) 
the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any of the Obligor Security Documents entered 
into by it. 
“Relevant State” means any member state of the EEA or the United Kingdom.

--- Page 367 ---
347 
  
“Relevant Time” means 11.00 a.m., in the case of a determination of GBP LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR. 
“Relevant Transaction” means any transaction between the parties which is subject to the clearing obligation 
pursuant to Article 4 of EMIR. 
“Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date” means the date by which the transaction is or was required 
to be Cleared under and in accordance with EMIR. 
“repeat business” means income from renewing personal members and insurance customers, multi-year 
business roadside assistance contracts and driving services contracts, and driving school franchisees that contribute to 
revenue. 
“Reporting Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Test Date in respect of which Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco Group are 
prepared, 150 days following the relevant Test Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Test Date in respect of which Semi-Annual Financial Statements of the Holdco 
Group are prepared, 90 days following the relevant Test Date. 
“Representative” means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, attorney, trustee or custodian.  
“Required Accumulation Percentage” means, in respect of any Cash Accumulation Period, the percentage of 
Projected Excess Cashflow (as specified in the relevant Authorised Credit Facility) required to be deposited into the 
Excess Cashflow Account on each applicable date in accordance with “Summary of the Common Documents—Common 
Terms Agreement—Cash Management—Excess Cashflow Account”. 
“Required Sweep Percentage” means, in respect of a Cash Sweep Payment Date, the percentage of Excess 
Cashflow (as specified in the relevant Class A Authorised Credit Facility with a then-existing Bank Debt Sweep Period) 
required to be applied towards prepaying the Outstanding Principal Amount under the relevant Class A Authorised 
Credit Facility on that Cash Sweep Payment Date, subject to and in accordance with the Obligor Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments. 
“Requisite Rating” means, in respect of any person, such person’s long term unsecured debt obligations being 
rated by the Rating Agency at least BBB- or such lower rating as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Rating 
Agency; provided that any such lower rating would not lead to any downgrade, withdrawal or the placing on “credit 
watch negative” (or equivalent) of the then current ratings of the Class A Notes. 
“Reservations” means: 
(a) 
the principle that equitable remedies are remedies which may be granted or refused at the discretion 
of the court, the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, 
reorganisation, court schemes, moratoria, administration and other laws generally affecting the rights 
of creditors; 
(b) 
the time barring of claims under applicable limitation laws (including the Limitation Acts), the 
possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or to indemnify a person against non-payment of 
stamp duty may be void, defences of set off or counterclaim; and 
(c) 
any other general principles which are set out as qualifications as to matters of law in any Opinion.  
“Reserved Matters” means matters which, subject to the STID and the CTA, an Obligor Secured Creditor is 
free to exercise in accordance with its own debt instrument, including 
(a) 
to receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, 
liabilities, damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance Document to which 
it is a party as permitted pursuant to the terms of the CTA and the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
to make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the 
provisions of the Authorised Credit Facilities to which it is a party as permitted by the terms of the 
CTA, the STID and the Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance 
Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the STID;

--- Page 368 ---
348 
  
(c) 
to exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms of 
the CTA, the STID and the other Finance Documents to the extent that the provisions of such Finance 
Documents are consistent with the relevant provisions of the STID; 
(d) 
to receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the Finance 
Documents or otherwise; 
(e) 
to assign its rights or transfer any of its rights and obligations under any PP Notes or any other 
Authorised Credit Facility to which it is a party subject to the provisions of the STID; 
(f) 
in the case of each Hedge Counterparty and each OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty, (i) to terminate 
the relevant Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any 
transaction thereunder provided such termination is a Permitted Hedge Termination or to terminate 
the relevant Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, OCB Secured Hedging Agreement or any 
transaction thereunder in part and amend the terms of the Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, the 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement to reflect such partial termination or (ii) to exercise rights 
permitted to be exercised by it under a Hedging Agreement or, as applicable, an OCB Secured 
Hedging Agreement; 
(g) 
in the case of the AA UK Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account or 
to enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA UK 
Pension Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted under the STID; and 
(h) 
in the case of the AA Ireland Pension Trustee, to receive any sums owing to it or for its own account 
or to enjoy the benefits of or exercise any rights that it may have in each case in relation to the AA 
Ireland Pension Scheme other than any rights which are expressly restricted by the STID. 
“Restricted Cash” means cash held by any member of the Holdco Group to the extent that depriving such 
member of the Holdco Group of that cash would cause any Authorised Person in the Holdco Group to fail to satisfy its 
Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
“Restricted Payment” means: 
(a) 
any payment (in cash or in kind) of a dividend, charge, fee or other distribution on or in respect of its 
shares or share capital (or any class of it), any funds from any of their premium account or any 
management, advisory, servicing or other fee or any other payment by an Obligor to or to the order of 
any Excluded Group Entity; 
(b) 
any payment or repayment of interest, principal, fees of other amounts under any Investor Funding 
Loan or other loan made by a member of the Holdco Group to an Excluded Group Entity; or 
(c) 
any payment of any amount under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Restricted Person” means a person that is: (i) listed on, or owned or controlled by a person listed on any 
Sanctions List; (ii) located in, incorporated under the laws of, or owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, a 
person located in or organised under the laws of a country or territory that is the target of country-wide Sanctions; or 
(iii) otherwise a target of Sanctions. 
“Retail Price Index” means the all items retail prices index for the United Kingdom published by the Office 
for National Statistics as made available by the Bank of England (at 
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/inflationreport/irlatest.htm) or if the retail prices index ceases to exist, 
such other indexation procedure as the Obligor Security Trustee may approve on recommendation of the Holdco Group 
Agent. 
“Retained Excess Cashflow” means, at any time, the cumulative aggregate amount of Excess Cashflow 
released and made available to the Holdco Group in respect of any Financial Year, to the extent unspent at that time and 
in determining such cumulative aggregate amount: 
(a) 
Excess Cashflows shall only be included for a Financial Year in which a Bank Debt Sweep Period 
applies to the extent such Excess Cashflow is released and made available to the Holdco Group from 
the Excess Cashflow Account after the Loan Interest Payment Date falling in July in accordance with 
the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
Excess Cashflow shall only be treated as released and available to the Holdco Group for a Financial 
Year in which no Bank Debt Sweep Period applies on the Loan Interest Payment Date falling in July

--- Page 369 ---
349 
  
following that Financial Year after providing for and/or discharging out of such Excess Cashflow all 
amounts then owing under the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and for so long as such 
Excess Cashflow is not required to be applied on that Loan Interest Payment Date in accordance with 
the Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Rule Set” means, with respect to a CCP Service, the relevant rules, conditions, procedures, regulations, 
standard terms, membership agreements, collateral addenda, notices, guidance, policies or other such documents 
promulgated by the relevant CCP and amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings UK Limited or any successor to its rating business. 
“Saga Group” means Saga Leisure Limited and its subsidiaries. 
“Saga Pension Scheme” means the Saga Group pension and life assurance scheme which is currently 
governed by a trust deed and rules dated 18 August 2003 (as amended). 
“Sanctions” means any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or similar or equivalent restrictive 
measures administered, enacted or enforced by: (i) the United States; (ii) the United Nations; (iii) the European Union; 
(iv) the United Kingdom; (v) Ireland or (vi) the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the 
foregoing, including, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury (“OFAC”), the United 
States Department of State, the United Nations Security Council and Her Majesty’s Treasury (together the “Sanctions 
Authorities”). 
“Sanctions List” means the “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” list issued by OFAC, the 
Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and Investment Ban List issued by Her Majesty’s Treasury, or any 
similar list issued or maintained or made public by any of the Sanctions Authorities. 
“Scheme” means court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 used to 
implement the Acquisition. 
“Second Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 2 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (b) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed” means the supplemental note trust deed dated 29 January 
2021 and made between the Issuer and the Class B Note Trustee. 
“Secured Creditor Representative” means the representative of an Obligor Secured Creditor or Topco 
Secured Creditor appointed in accordance with the STID. 
“Secured Creditors” means the Obligor Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
“Secured Pensions Liabilities” means the AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities and the AA Ireland Secured 
Pensions Liabilities. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“Security Group” means Topco and each Subsidiary of Topco. 
“Security Group Companies” means each of the Issuer, Topco and each member of the Holdco Group and 
Security Group Company means any of them. 
“Security Interest” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation 
of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Semi-Annual Financial Statements” means the financial statements delivered pursuant to Paragraph (a)(ii) 
“Summary of the Common Documents—Common Terms Agreement—Covenants—Information Covenants—Financial 
Statements”. 
“Senior Finance Document” means:

--- Page 370 ---
350 
  
(a) 
any Class A IBLA; 
(b) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(c) 
any STF Finance Documents; 
(d) 
any WCF Finance Documents; 
(e) 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(f) 
the Borrower Hedging Agreements; 
(g) 
the OCB Secured Hedging Agreements; 
(h) 
the Obligor Security Documents; 
(i) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(j) 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(k) 
any other Class A Authorised Credit Facility; 
(l) 
(i) any fee letter, commitment letter, arrangement letter, or request entered into in connection with the 
facilities referred to in paragraphs (a), (c), (d), (e) and (k) above or the transactions contemplated in 
such facilities and (ii) any other document that has been entered into in connection with such facilities 
or the transactions contemplated thereby that has been designated as a Senior Finance Document by 
the parties thereto (including at least one Obligor); 
(m) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
(n) 
each agreement or other instrument designated as a Senior Finance Document by the Holdco Group 
Agent, the Obligor Security Trustee and, if applicable, such Additional Obligor Secured Creditor in 
the accession memorandum for such Additional Obligor Secured Creditor; and 
(o) 
any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to any of the above documents. 
“Senior Finance Party” means a Class A Authorised Credit Provider or any other person which is a Finance 
Party under a Class A Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Senior Term Facility” means the senior term facility provided under the Senior Term Facility Agreement.  
“Senior Term Facility Agreement” means the senior term credit facility entered into on 26 February 2021 
between, amongst others, the Borrower, the STF Agent, the STF Arrangers and the STF Lenders. 
“Seventh Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 9 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority or Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (g) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Share Enforcement Event” means the events set forth in the Class B IBLA which permit the Obligor 
Security Trustee acting upon the instructions of the Topco Secured Creditors under and in accordance with the STID, to 
enforce the Topco Payment Undertaking and the Topco Security Documents. 
“Sixth Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 6(a) of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph (e)(ii) of the Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments,

--- Page 371 ---
351 
  
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Small company” means a company that qualifies as small pursuant to section 382(3) of the Companies Act. 
“SMCR” means collectively, the Senior Managers Regime and the Certification Regime. 
“Solvency II” means the EU Solvency II Directive (2009/138/EC). 
“Special Mandatory Redemption Event” means, for the purposes of Class A Condition 7(l), an event which 
shall occur when the Issuer does not deliver a certificate to the Class A Note Trustee certifying that the Escrow Release 
Conditions have been satisfied prior to the Escrow Longstop Date and accordingly the Escrow Property is not released 
from the Escrow Account. 
“Specified Currency” means, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, euro, sterling, U.S. 
dollars and such other currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer, the 
Class A Principal Paying Agent and the Class A Note Trustee and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination” means in respect of a Sub-Class of Class A Notes, the denomination or 
denominations of such Class A Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to any Agent, either the office identified with its name in the relevant 
Final Terms or any other office notified to any relevant parties pursuant to any Agency Agreement. 
“Sponsor Affiliate” means: 
(a) 
each Sponsor and each of their Affiliates; 
(b) 
any trust of which a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates is a trustee, any partnership of which any 
Sponsor or any of their Affiliates is a partner and any trust, fund or other entity which is managed by, 
or is under the control of, any Sponsor or any of their Affiliates provided that; 
(i) 
any such trust, fund or other entity which has been established primarily for the purpose of 
making, purchasing or investing in loans or debt securities and which is managed or 
controlled by the Sponsors (or any of their respective direct or indirect subsidiaries which 
conduct the same or similar business as the Sponsors) independently from all other trusts, 
funds or other entities managed or controlled by a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates which 
have been established for the primary or main purpose of investing in the share capital of 
companies; 
(ii) 
any such trust, fund or other entity which has been established for at least six months 
primarily for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans or debt securities and 
which is managed or controlled independently from all other trusts, funds or other entities 
managed or controlled by a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates which have been established 
for the primary or main purpose of investing in the share capital of companies; 
(c) 
shall not constitute a Sponsor Affiliate; and 
(d) 
any other person who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal) with a 
Sponsor or any of their Affiliates, actively co-operates with a Sponsor or any of their Affiliates to 
enter into a Debt Purchase Transaction. 
“Sponsors” means: 
(a) 
Warburg Pincus LLC and TowerBrook Capital Partners (U.K.) LLP; and/or 
(b) 
any fund, partnership or other entity managed and controlled by any of the persons referred to in 
paragraph (a) above or their Affiliates. 
“Stabilising Manager” means in connection with the issue of any Sub-Class of Class A Notes, one or more 
relevant Dealers who undertake stabilisation action. 
“Standby Drawing” means a drawing made under the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement (i) as a result of a 
downgrade of a Liquidity Facility Provider below the Requisite Rating or (ii) in the event that the Liquidity Facility 
Provider fails to renew its commitment.

--- Page 372 ---
352 
  
“Sterling” and “£” means the lawful currency for the time being of the U.K. 
“STF Agent” means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
“STF Arrangers” means Citibank N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs 
International, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as mandated lead arrangers. 
“STF Finance Document” means Senior Term Facility Agreement, the fee letters in respect of or in relation 
to the Senior Term Facility Agreement, the Common Documents and any other document designated as such by the 
STF Agent and the Holdco Group Agent. 
“STF Lenders” means the lenders under the Senior Term Facility. 
“STF Underwriters” Citibank N.A., London Branch, Credit Suisse International, Goldman Sachs Lending 
Partners LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
“STID” means the security trust and intercreditor deed between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Borrower, the 
initial Obligors, the Obligor Security Trustee, each Note Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee entered into on 2 July 
2013. 
“STID Proposal” means a proposal or request made by the Holdco Group Agent in accordance with the STID 
proposing or requesting the Obligor Security Trustee to concur in making any modification, giving any consent or 
granting any waiver under or in respect of any Common Document. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Dublin or any other or further stock exchange(s) on which any Class A 
Notes may from time to time be listed, and references to the “relevant Stock Exchange” shall, in relation to any Class 
A Notes, be references to the Stock Exchange on which such Notes are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“Sub-Class” means, with respect to the Class A Notes, those Class A Notes which are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Class A Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Price, such Sub-Class comprising one or more Sub-Classes of Class A Notes. 
“Sub-Class A1 Notes” means the 4.72% Sub-Class A1 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2018 issued by the Issuer. 
“Sub-Class A2 Notes” means the 6.269% Sub-Class A2 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2025 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A3 Notes” means the 4.25% Sub-Class A3 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2020 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A4 Notes” means the 3.781% Sub-Class A4 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2019 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A5 Notes” means the 2.875% Sub-Class A5 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 
January 2022 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A6 Notes” means the 2.75% Sub-Class A6 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2023 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A7 Notes” means the 4.88% Sub-Class A7 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2024 issued by the Issuer.  
“Sub-Class A8 Notes” means the 5.500% Sub-Class A8 Notes with an expected redemption date of 31 July 
2027 issued by the Issuer.   
“Subordinated Hedge Amounts” means any termination payment due or overdue to: 
(a) 
a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; 
(b) 
an Issuer Hedge Counterparty under any Issuer Hedging Agreement; or 
(c) 
an OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty under any OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, 
which arises as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Hedging 
Agreement or OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, as applicable) where the relevant Hedge Counterparty or

--- Page 373 ---
353 
  
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement or 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, as applicable). 
“Subordinated Intragroup Creditor” means the Borrower, Holdco, each other Obligor, Autowindshields 
(UK) Limited and any other member of the Holdco Group which is a party or accedes to the STID as a Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor. 
“Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities” means all present and future liabilities at any time of any Obligor to a 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness. 
“Subordinated Investor” means each Investor which is party, or accedes, to the STID as a Subordinated 
Investor. 
“Subordinated Investor Liabilities” means all present and future liabilities at any time of Holdco to a 
Subordinated Investor, in respect of any Investor Debt. 
“Subordinated Liquidity Amount” means the proportion of any amount of interest payable in respect of any 
Liquidity Drawing which is attributable to the step-up margin. 
“Subscription Agreement” means an agreement supplemental to the Dealership Agreement (by whatever 
name called) substantially in the form set out in the Dealership Agreement or in such other form as may be agreed 
between, among others, the Issuer and the Lead Manager or one or more Dealers (as the case may be). 
“Subsidiary” means: 
(a) 
a subsidiary within the meaning of section 1159 (and Schedule 6) of the Companies Act 2006; 
(b) 
unless the context otherwise requires, a “Subsidiary Undertaking” within the meaning of section 1162 
(and Schedule 7) of the Companies Act 2006; 
(c) 
in respect of any Obligor, a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 155 of the Companies Act 1963 
of Ireland; 
(d) 
in respect of the Issuer, a subsidiary within the meaning of Articles 2 and 2A of the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991; 
provided that, for the purposes of the Common Terms Agreement the Issuer shall not be considered to be a 
subsidiary of Holdco or any member of the Holdco Group. 
“Successor” means, in relation to the Principal Paying Agents, the other Paying Agents, the Registrars, the 
Transfer Agents, the Class A Agent Bank and the Calculation Agent, any successor to any one or more of them in 
relation to the Class A Notes of the relevant Class which shall become such pursuant to the provisions of the Class A 
Note Trust Deed, Class B Note Trust Deed, the Class A Agency Agreement and/or Class B Agency Agreement (as the 
case may be) and/ or such other or further principal paying agent, paying agents, reference banks, registrar, transfer 
agent, agent bank and calculation agent (as the case may be) in relation to the Class A Notes as may from time to time 
be appointed as such, and/or, if applicable, such other or further specified offices (in the case of the Principal Paying 
Agents and the Registrars being within the same city as the office(s) for which it is substituted) as may from time to 
time be nominated, in each case by the Issuer and the Obligors, and (except in the case of the initial appointments and 
specified offices made under and specified in the Class A Conditions, Class B Conditions, the Class A Agency 
Agreement and/or Class B Agency Agreement, as the case may be) notice of whose appointment or, as the case may be, 
nomination has been given to the Noteholders. 
“TAAL” means The Automobile Association Limited, a limited liability company registered in Jersey with the 
registration number 73356. 
“TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date” means the date on which the final transfer of the business, 
assets and undertakings of TAAL to AADL completes in accordance with the Business Transfer Deed. 
“TAAL Share Security Agreement” means the security interest agreement dated 2 July 2013 between AA 
Corporation Limited and the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the shares in TAAL. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro.

--- Page 374 ---
354 
  
“Tax” means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any 
related penalty or interest) and Taxes, taxation, taxable and comparable expressions will be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Covenantors” means AA Limited, Topco, Holdco, AA Acquisition Co Limited, the Borrower, AA 
Corporation Limited and the Issuer. 
“Tax Deed of Covenant” means the deed dated 2 July 2013 between (among others) the Tax Covenantors, the 
Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and amended and restated on 30 January 2015 
regulating certain tax related issues including, but not limited to, group payment arrangements, VAT tax grouping, tax 
de-grouping and Group Relief. 
“TDC Breach” means any breach of a covenant, representation, warranty or other obligation contained in the 
Tax Deed of Covenant, provided that any matter or circumstance (the “Relevant Matter or Circumstance”) which 
would, ignoring paragraphs (a) to (e) below, result in a TDC Breach shall not give rise to a TDC Breach to the extent 
that: 
(a) 
the Relevant Matter or Circumstance arises as a result of entering into the ABF; 
(b) 
AA Limited has made any payment(s) fully in compliance with the Tax Deed of Covenant which 
compensate(s) for the effect of such Relevant Matter or Circumstance; 
(c) 
AA Limited compensates the relevant Security Group Company (or procures that it is compensated) 
in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant in such a way that the Security Group Companies are 
left in the same overall economic position that they would have been in had the Tax liability not 
arisen and the Relevant Matter or Circumstance not occurred; 
(d) 
the aggregate Tax liabilities for which any Security Group Company has or could (including, without 
limitation, upon a subsequent enforcement over the shares in any Security Group Company) become 
liable as a result of the Relevant Matter or Circumstance (together with any other matters or 
circumstances arising in the period of three years prior to the Relevant Matter or Circumstance which 
would, ignoring paragraphs (a) to (e), result in a TDC Breach) are equal to or less than £25.0 million; 
or 
(e) 
the Finance Parties have consented to any action undertaken by any person which gives rise to the 
Relevant Matter or Circumstance in advance and in writing in response to a request for consent 
setting out all material details of the nature of the potential breach and a quantification of the Tax 
liabilities that would arise in consequence of such breach. 
“Test Date” means 31 January and 31 July in each year or such other dates as may be agreed as a result of a 
change in Accounting Reference Date (and associated change in the calculation of financial covenants) relating to any 
Obligor and the Holdco Group. 
“Test Period” means the 12 month period ending on a Test Date. 
“Third Facility Fee” means the ongoing facility fee payable by the Borrower to the Issuer equal to: 
(a) 
before a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under 
paragraph 3 of the Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after a Note Acceleration Notice has been given, there shall be no Third Facility Fee payable,  
as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Topco” means AA Mid Co Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales with 
registered number 5088289. 
“Topco Payment Undertaking” means the English law deed of undertaking dated 2 July 2013 between 
Topco, the Issuer and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Topco Secured Creditor” means: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(b) 
the Issuer;

--- Page 375 ---
355 
  
(c) 
each other Class B Authorised Credit Provider; 
(d) 
any Receiver or Administrative Receiver appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the 
Topco Security; and 
(e) 
each Facility Agent under any Class B Authorised Credit Facility. 
“Topco Secured Liabilities” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or 
contingent) of Topco to any Topco Secured Creditor under each Topco Transaction Document. 
“Topco Secured Property” means the whole of the right, title, benefit and interest of Topco in the property, 
rights and assets of Topco secured by or pursuant to the Topco Security. 
“Topco Security” means the Security Interests constituted by the Topco Security Documents. 
“Topco Security Agreement” means the English law security agreement dated 2 July 2013 between Topco 
and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Topco Security Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Topco Security Agreement; 
(b) 
the STID and each deed of accession thereto, together with any agreement or deed supplemental to 
the STID; 
(c) 
any document evidencing or creating security over any asset of Topco to secure any obligation of 
Topco to a Topco Secured Creditor in respect of any Topco Secured Liabilities; and 
(d) 
any other document or agreement designated as a “Topco Security Document” by Topco, the Issuer 
and the Obligor Security Trustee, 
or any of them, as applicable and as the context may so require. 
“Topco Transaction Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Topco Payment Undertaking; 
(b) 
the Topco Security Documents; 
(c) 
any accession memorandum in respect of an additional Topco Secured Creditor; and 
(d) 
any other document designated as a “Topco Transaction Document” by a Class B Authorised Credit 
Provider and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Total Class A Net Debt” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of members of the 
Holdco Group for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness incurred in connection with the Class A IBLA, the Senior 
Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility, the Liquidity Facility and any other Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities that 
ranks pari passu with, or senior to, the Class A IBLA, the Senior Term Facility, the Working Capital Facility and the 
Liquidity Facility at that time but: 
(a) 
excluding any such obligations to any other member of the Holdco Group; 
(b) 
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Holdco Group at that time; and 
(c) 
excluding any liabilities under any Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once. 
“Total Debt Service Charges” means, in respect of any relevant period, the amount equal to: 
(a) 
the aggregate of (i) any accrued interest (whether paid or not or capitalised) and scheduled 
amortisation of principal (whether paid or not) payable by any member of the Holdco Group in 
respect of any Financial Indebtedness incurred by any member of the Holdco Group; and (ii) any fees, 
commission, costs, discounts, premiums, charges or any other finance payments payable by any 
member of the Holdco Group in respect of any Financial Indebtedness incurred by any member of the

--- Page 376 ---
356 
  
Holdco Group, in each case disregarding any amount not permitted to be paid pursuant to the 
Common Documents; less 
(b) 
any interest received on any bank accounts or in respect of Cash Equivalent Investments by any 
member of the Holdco Group during such relevant period. 
“Total Net Debt” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of members of the Holdco 
Group for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness at that time but: 
(a) 
excluding any such obligations to any other member of the Holdco Group; 
(b) 
deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Holdco Group at that time; 
(c) 
excluding any such obligations under any Investor Funding Loan that is subordinated pursuant to the 
STID; and 
(d) 
excluding any liabilities under any Hedging Agreements and the OCB Secured Hedging Agreement,  
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once. 
“TowerBrook” means TowerBrook Capital Partners (U.K.) LLP. 
“TowerBrook Funds” means funds advised by TowerBrook or its affiliates. 
“Transaction Documents” means: 
(a) 
the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
the Issuer Transaction Documents; and 
(c) 
the Topco Transaction Documents. 
“Transfer Agent” means, in relation to all or any relevant Registered Notes, the several institutions at their 
respective specified offices initially appointed as transfer agents in relation to such Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the 
relative Agency Agreement or, if applicable, any Successor transfer agents at their respective specified offices in 
relation to all or any Registered Notes. 
“Treasury Transaction” means any currency or interest rate purchase, cap or collar agreement, forward rate 
agreement, interest rate agreement, index linked agreement, interest rate or currency or future or option contract, foreign 
exchange or currency purchase or sale agreement, interest rate swap, currency swap, commodity swap or combined 
similar agreement or any derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from fluctuations in any rate or price. 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Union. 
“Trigger Event Ratio Level” means 1.35:1.00. 
“U.S.” means the United States of America. 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” or “$” means the lawful currency for the time being of the U.S. 
“UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
“UK GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the UK. 
“UK Pensions Regulator” means the regulator of occupational pension schemes in the UK. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament in relation to the 
UK, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 
“UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations” means the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 
(SI 2006/1030). 
“UTCCR” means the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 as amended, together with 
(in so far as applicable) the UK Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994.

--- Page 377 ---
357 
  
“Utilisation” means a loan under an Authorised Credit Facility or a Letter of Credit. 
“VAT” (a) in respect of any agreement which contains a definition of VAT, has the meaning given thereto in 
such agreement; and (b) in any other case, means value added tax as imposed by VATA and legislation and regulations 
supplemental thereto and includes any other tax of a similar fiscal nature whether imposed in the UK (instead of, or in 
addition to, value added tax) or elsewhere from time to time. 
“VAT Group” means a group for the purposes of the VAT Grouping Legislation. 
“VAT Grouping Legislation” means sections 43 to 43D VATA and the Value Added Tax (Groups: 
Eligibility) Order 2004. 
“VATA” means the Value Added Tax Act 1994. 
“Volcker Rule” means section 13 of the US Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and 
Regulation VV (12 C.F.R. Section 248) promulgated thereunder by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System. 
“Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities” means the Outstanding Principal Amount actually voted by 
the Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“Warburg Pincus” means Warburg Pincus LLC. 
“Warburg Pincus Funds” means private equity funds managed by Warburg Pincus or its affiliates. 
“WCF Agent” means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
“WCF Arrangers” means Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A., London Branch, Goldman Sachs International 
and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc as mandated lead arrangers. 
“WCF Finance Documents” means the Working Capital Facility Agreement, any ancillary facility 
documentation, the fee letters in respect of and in relation to the Working Capital Facility Agreement, the Common 
Documents and any other document designated as such by the WCF Agent and the Holdco Group Agent. 
“WCF Lenders” means the lenders under the Working Capital Facility. 
“WCF Loan” means a loan made or to be made under any Working Capital Facility Agreement or the 
principal amount outstanding for the time being of that loan. 
“WCF Permitted Change of Control” means a WCF Change of Control under the Working Capital Facility 
Agreement which occurs as a result of an enforcement of the security granted under the Topco Security Agreement or a 
purchaser gaining direct or indirect control of Holdco as a result of a sale pursuant to an enforcement of the security 
granted under the Topco Security Agreement. 
“WCF Underwriters” means Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A., London Branch, Goldman Sachs Lending 
Partners LLC and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
“Working Capital” means the amount equal to the difference between the current assets and the current 
liabilities as shown in the management accounts prepared in relation to any accounting period of 3 months (excluding, 
(a) when determining the amount of current assets, Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the Holdco Group and (b), 
when determining the amount of current liabilities: (i) any amounts in respect of interest costs payable by the Holdco 
Group; and (ii) any amounts in respect of Capital Expenditure required to be paid or reserved during such period). 
“Working Capital Facility” means each facility made available to the Borrower for the working capital 
purposes of the Holdco Group. 
“Working Capital Facility Agreement” means the working capital facility entered into on 26 February 2021 
between, amongst others, the Borrower, the WCF Agent, the WCF Arrangers and the WCF Lenders and each facility 
agreement pursuant to which a Working Capital Facility is made available to the Borrowers. 
“Working Time Directive” means Directive 2003/88/EC. 
“Working Time Regulation” means the UK Working Time Regulations 1998, as amended.

--- Page 378 ---
358 
  
“XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction” means, in respect of Relevant Debt denominated in a certain 
Foreign Currency, an Interest Rate Hedging Transaction under which at least one transaction calculation amount is 
denominated in such Foreign Currency.

--- Page 379 ---
359 
  
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ .......................................................................... iv, 356 
£ .......................................................................... iv, 352 
€ .......................................................................... iv, 308 
1999 Regulations ............................................ 109, 285 
2013 Valuation ................................................. 44, 285 
2016 Valuation ................................................. 44, 285 
2018 Clean-Down Period ....................................... 199 
2018 Senior Term Facility ..................................... 285 
2018 Working Capital Facility .............................. 285 
2019 Valuation ................................................. 44, 285 
2022 Valuation ................................................. 45, 285 
30/360 ...................................................................... 253 
30E/360 ................................................................... 253 
360/360 .................................................................... 253 
AA Corporation ..................................................... 285 
AA Group ........................................................ i, 75, 87 
AA Intermediate Co Limited ................................ 285 
AA Ireland Pension Agreement ............................ 285 
AA Ireland Pension Scheme.......................... 100, 285 
AA Ireland Pension Trustee.................................. 285 
AA Ireland Secured Pensions Liabilities ............. 285 
AA Limited ............................................................. 285 
AA or AA Group .................................................... 285 
AA Pension Schemes .............................................. 285 
AA Pension Trustees .............................................. 285 
AA Senior Co Limited ........................................... 285 
AA UK Pension Agreement ............................ 46, 285 
AA UK Pension Scheme ................................ 100, 285 
AA UK Pension Trustee .................................. 44, 285 
AA UK Secured Pensions Liabilities .................... 286 
AADL .............................................. 102, 104, 121, 286 
AAFSL .................................................................... 102 
AAISL ..................................................... 102, 122, 286 
AAPMP ............................................................. 45, 286 
AAUIC .............................................................. 30, 286 
AAUL ...................................................... 102, 104, 286 
AAUSL .................................................... 102, 104, 286 
ABF ................................................................... 44, 286 
ABF Implementation Date .................................... 286 
ABF Intercreditor Deed ........................................ 286 
ABF Security Agreement ...................................... 286 
ABF Transaction Documents ................................ 286 
Acceptable Bank .................................................... 286 
Account Bank ......................................................... 286 
Accountholder ........................................................ 250 
Accounting Principles ............................................ 286 
Accounting Reference Date ................................... 286 
Acquiring Company .............................................. 334 
Acquisition .................................................... 8, 94, 286 
Acquisition Target ................................................. 332 
Acromas Group ...................................................... 286 
Act ..................................................................... 47, 275 
ACTA ...................................................................... 286 
Actual/360 ............................................................... 253 
Actual/365 ............................................................... 253 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .................................................. 253 
Actual/Actual ......................................................... 253 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ........................................... 253 
Additional Class A Note Amounts ........................ 286 
Additional Class B Note Amounts ........................ 287 
Additional Financial Indebtedness ....................... 287 
Additional Obligor Secured Creditor ................... 288 
Additional Termination Events ............................ 159 
Adjourned Voting Date ......................................... 245 
Administrative Receiver ........................................ 288 
Affected Issuer Secured Creditor ......................... 288 
Affected Obligor Secured Creditor ...................... 288 
Affiliate ................................................................... 288 
Agency Agreement ................................................. 288 
Agent ....................................................................... 288 
Agents .............................................................. 223, 288 
Aggregate Available Liquidity .............................. 288 
Aggregate Hedged Amount ................................... 161 
all of its rights ......................................................... 288 
Annual Financial Statements ................................ 288 
Anticipated Cost Savings ....................................... 288 
Assigned Agreements ............................................. 200 
Associated Break Costs .......................................... 186 
Authorisations ........................................................ 289 
Authorised Credit Facility ..................................... 289 
Authorised Credit Provider .................................. 289 
Authorised Person .................................................. 289 
Available Enforcement Proceeds .......................... 289 
AVAs ....................................................................... 289 
Bank ........................................................................ 274 
Bank Debt Sweep Period ....................................... 289 
Bank Instructing Group ........................................ 289 
Base Currency ........................................................ 289 
Base Prospectus .................................................. 1, 267 
Basel Committee ....................................................... 67 
Basel II .................................................................... 289 
Basel III ............................................................. 67, 289 
Basel IV ..................................................................... 68 
Basing Topco .......................................................... 289 
Bearer Global Note ................................................ 258 
Beneficial Owner .................................................... 264 
BEPS ......................................................................... 74 
Bidco ................................................................ 115, 289 
Block Voting Instruction ............................... 251, 289 
Blocked Class A Notes ........................................... 290 
Blocked Note ........................................................... 251 
Board ....................................................................... 111 
Borrower ......................................................... 198, 290 
Borrower Account Bank .................................. 20, 290 
Borrower Account Bank Agreement .................... 290 
Borrower Debt Service Reserve Account ............. 152 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties .................... 19, 290 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty ....................... 19, 290 
Borrower Hedge Replacement Premium ............. 290 
Borrower Hedging Agreement ........................ 19, 290 
Borrower Hedging Transaction ............................ 290 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Standby Account .... 290 
Borrower Liquidity Shortfall ................................ 290 
BSM ............................................................. 29, 97, 291 
Bund Rate ............................................................... 232 
business customer ................................................... 291 
Business Day ................................................... 252, 291 
Business Day Convention ...................................... 252

--- Page 380 ---
360 
  
business market ...................................................... 291 
business partner ..................................................... 291 
Business Transfer Deed ......................................... 291 
C Rules .................................................................... 278 
Calculation Agency Agreement ............................ 291 
Calculation Agent .................................................. 291 
Calculation Amount............................................... 252 
Calculation Period ................................................. 253 
Call Date ................................................................. 238 
Capital Expenditure .............................................. 291 
Capital Resources .................................................. 291 
CARE ................................................................ 43, 291 
Cash ........................................................................ 291 
Cash Accumulation Period ................................... 291 
Cash Available to the Borrower ........................... 291 
Cash Available to the Issuer ................................. 292 
Cash Equivalent Investments ............................... 292 
Cash Manager ........................................................ 292 
Cash Sweep Payment Date .................................... 292 
CCaaS ................................................................... 6, 92 
CCP ......................................................................... 292 
CCP Service ............................................................ 292 
Central Bank ................................................ 3, vii, 292 
CFO ......................................................................... 112 
CGB ........................................................................ 292 
Charterhouse .......................................................... 293 
Chief Financial Officer .......................................... 293 
Claimants .......................................................... 34, 101 
Class ........................................................................ 293 
Class A Agency Agreement ........................... 223, 293 
Class A Agent ......................................................... 293 
Class A Agent Bank ....................................... 223, 293 
Class A Authorised Credit Facility ...................... 293 
Class A Authorised Credit Provider .................... 293 
Class A Authorised Credit Providers ..................... 18 
Class A Basic Terms Modification ....................... 244 
Class A Bearer Definitive Note ............................. 293 
Class A Bearer Note ............................................... 293 
Class A Bearer Notes .......................................... i, 224 
Class A Closing Date ............................................. 293 
Class A Conditions .................................. viii, 223, 293 
Class A Coupon ...................................................... 294 
Class A Couponholder ........................................... 294 
Class A Couponholders ......................................... 225 
Class A Coupons .................................................... 225 
Class A Default Ratio Level .................................. 294 
Class A Definitive Note .......................................... 294 
Class A Exchange Agent ....................................... 294 
Class A Extraordinary Resolution ....................... 294 
Class A FCF DSCR ................................................ 294 
Class A Global Note ............................................... 294 
Class A IBLA ........................................... 10, 195, 294 
Class A IBLA Advance ............................................ 10 
Class A IBLA Sub-Advance .................................... 10 
Class A IBLAs .................................................. 10, 195 
Class A Initial Interest Rate .......................... 252, 294 
Class A Instructing Group .................................... 294 
Class A Interest Commencement Date ........ 252, 294 
Class A Interest Determination Date ........... 252, 294 
Class A Interest Rate ..................................... 252, 295 
Class A Note ........................................................... 295 
Class A Note Acceleration Notice ................. 242, 295 
Class A Note Event of Default ........................ 26, 241 
Class A Note Interest Amount .............................. 295 
Class A Note Interest Amounts ............................. 230 
Class A Note Interest Payment Date .................... 295 
Class A Note Interest Period ......................... 252, 295 
Class A Note Relevant Date ................................... 295 
Class A Note Trust Deed ......................... 22, 223, 295 
Class A Note Trustee ................................... i, 223, 295 
Class A Noteholder .................................. 17, 225, 295 
Class A Noteholder, holder ................................... 296 
Class A Noteholders ................................................. 17 
Class A Notes ....................................... i, 223, 225, 295 
CLASS A NOTES ...................................................... 1 
Class A Ordinary Resolution ................................ 296 
Class A Paying Agent ............................................... 21 
Class A Paying Agents ................................... 223, 296 
Class A Permanent Bearer Global Note ............... 296 
Class A Principal Paying Agent ........ 21, 69, 223, 296 
Class A Receipt ....................................................... 296 
Class A Receiptholder ............................................ 296 
Class A Receiptholders .......................................... 225 
Class A Receipts ..................................................... 225 
Class A Register ............................................. 225, 296 
Class A Registered Definitive Note ............... 260, 296 
Class A Registered Global Note ............................ 296 
Class A Registered Note ........................................ 297 
Class A Registered Notes .................................... i, 224 
Class A Registrar ........................................... 223, 297 
Class A Regulation S Global Note .................... ii, 297 
Class A Relevant Matter ........................................ 174 
Class A Restricted Payment Condition ................ 297 
Class A Revised Interest Rate ....................... 252, 297 
Class A Talon.......................................................... 297 
Class A Talons ........................................................ 225 
Class A Temporary Bearer Global Note .............. 297 
Class A Total Debt Service Charges ..................... 297 
Class A Transfer Agent ................................. 223, 298 
Class A U.S. Paying Agent ..................................... 298 
Class A Voting Matter ................................... 252, 298 
Class B Additional Notes ....................................... 298 
Class B Agency Agreement ................................... 298 
Class B Authorised Credit Facility ....................... 298 
Class B Authorised Credit Provider ..................... 298 
Class B Call Option .................................................. 25 
Class B Call Option Notice .................................... 212 
Class B Call Option Period ................................... 212 
Class B Call Option Trigger Event ....................... 212 
Class B Closing Date .............................................. 300 
Class B Conditions ................................................. 298 
Class B Definitive Note .......................................... 299 
Class B Discretion Matter ..................................... 167 
Class B Extraordinary Resolution ........................ 299 
Class B Global Note ............................................... 299 
Class B IBLA .......................................................... 299 
Class B Loan Event of Default .............................. 219 
Class B Note Acceleration Notice .......................... 299 
Class B Note Event of Default ............................... 299 
Class B Note Trust Deed ........................................ 299 
Class B Note Trustee .............................................. 299 
Class B Noteholder ................................................. 299 
Class B Notes .......................................................... 299 
Class B Offering Circular ...................................... 299 
Class B Paying Agent ............................................. 300 
Class B Payment Amount ...................................... 220

--- Page 381 ---
361 
  
Class B Principal Paying Agent ............................ 300 
Class B Register ..................................................... 300 
Class B Regulation S Definitive Note ................... 300 
Class B Regulation S Global Note ........................ 300 
Class B Relevant Matter ....................................... 174 
Class B Rule 144A Definitive Note ....................... 300 
Class B Rule 144A Global Note ............................ 300 
Class B STID Proposal .......................................... 167 
Class B Transfer Agents ........................................ 300 
Class B Voting Matter ........................................... 300 
Class B3 Conditions ............................................... 300 
Class B3 IBLA ................................................ 216, 300 
Class B3 Loan ......................................................... 216 
Class B3 Loan Adjustment Date ........................... 217 
Class B3 Loan Interest Rate ................................. 217 
Class B3 Loan Maturity Date ............................... 216 
Class B3 Note Adjustment Date ........................... 217 
Class B3 Note Final Maturity Date ...................... 217 
Class B3 Note Interest Payment Date .................. 300 
Class B3 Note Interest Rate .................................. 217 
Class B3 Notes ................................................ 216, 300 
Class B3 Offering Circular ................................... 300 
Cleared .................................................................... 301 
Clearing System Business Day .............................. 261 
Clearing Systems ............................................. 263, 301 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................ ii, 301 
Closing Date ........................................................... 301 
CMA .......................................................................... 37 
COBS .......................................................... 4, 105, 301 
Code ................................................................ 240, 301 
COMI ................................................................ 57, 301 
Commission ............................................................... iv 
Commodity Hedge Counterparty ................... 20, 301 
Commodity Hedging Transaction .................. 20, 301 
Common Depositary .............................................. 301 
Common Documents ............................................. 301 
Common Safekeeper .............................................. 301 
Common Terms Agreement ............................ 12, 301 
Companies ................................................................ 35 
Companies Act ....................................................... 301 
Comparable German Bund Issue ......................... 232 
Comparable German Bund Price ......................... 232 
Comparable Treasury Issue .................................. 233 
Comparable Treasury Price ................................. 233 
Compliance Certificate .......................................... 301 
CONC ............................................................. 106, 301 
Consortium ........................................................... 8, 94 
ConsortiumCo ................................................ 115, 301 
Continuing Notional Amount ....................... 161, 162 
Continuing Transaction ........................................ 161 
Contribution Notice ............................................... 301 
controlled functions ............................................... 108 
Court ................................................................... 35, 99 
COVID-19......................................................... 28, 301 
CRA ................................................................ 109, 301 
CRD .......................................................................... 67 
CSi ........................................................................... 274 
CTA ........................................................... 12, 224, 301 
CTA Default ........................................................... 301 
CTA Event of Default ............................................ 147 
CVC ........................................................................ 301 
D Rules .................................................................... 277 
Day Count Fraction ............................................... 253 
Dealer .......................................................................... 3 
Dealers ..................................................... 1, 3, 223, 302 
Dealership Agreement ........................... 223, 277, 302 
Debt Purchase Transaction ................................... 302 
Debt Service Payment Account ............................. 152 
Debt Service Reserve Account .............................. 302 
Debtor ....................................................................... 59 
Decision Commencement Date.............................. 167 
Decision Period ............................................... 167, 302 
Deemed Available Enforcement Proceeds ........... 182 
Defeasance Account ............................................... 152 
Defeased Cash Note Purchase ............................... 302 
Deferred Interest Amount ..................................... 217 
Definitive Note ................................................ 259, 302 
Demand Notice ....................................................... 220 
Deposited Class A Notes ........................................ 302 
Designated Account ............................................... 152 
Designated Accounts .............................................. 201 
Designated Website ................................................ 129 
Determination Date ........................................ 253, 302 
Determination Period ............................................ 253 
Direct Participants ................................................. 263 
Direction Notice ...................................................... 302 
Discharge of all Debt .............................................. 159 
Discretion Matter ................................................... 302 
Disposal ................................................................... 302 
Disposal Proceeds ................................................... 302 
Disposing Company ............................................... 334 
Disruption Event .................................................... 303 
Dissenting Creditors .............................................. 165 
Distressed Disposal ................................................. 303 
Distressed Disposal Resolution.............................. 178 
Distribution Compliance Period ........................... 277 
Distribution Date .................................................... 303 
distributor ....................................................... 3, 4, 266 
dollars ......................................................................... iv 
Drawdown Prospectus ........................................ i, 223 
Driving Schools......................................................... 29 
Early Termination Date ......................................... 303 
EAT ................................................................... 43, 303 
EBITDA .................................................................. 303 
ECJ .................................................................... 43, 304 
EEA ......................................................................... 266 
EMIR....................................................................... 304 
Employer ........................................................... 45, 304 
ENBP ......................................................... 42, 110, 305 
Enforcement Action ............................................... 304 
Enforcement Instruction Notice............................ 175 
English Obligor ........................................................ 60 
Enterprise Act .................................................. 59, 305 
Entrenched Right STID Proposal ......................... 244 
Entrenched Rights ................................................. 305 
Environment ........................................................... 307 
Environmental Claim ............................................ 307 
Environmental Law ............................................... 307 
Environmental Permits.......................................... 307 
Equity Cure ............................................................ 130 
Equity Cure Amount ............................................. 130 
Equivalent Amount ................................................ 307 
ERISA ..................................................................... 307 
ERISA Affiliate ...................................................... 307 
Escrow Account .............................................. 238, 307 
Escrow Agent .......................................................... 238

--- Page 382 ---
362 
  
Escrow Agreement ................................................. 238 
Escrow Property .................................................... 238 
Escrow Release Conditions ................................... 238 
Escrow Secured Property ................................ 66, 250 
ESG ......................................................................... 115 
EU...................................................................... 35, 308 
EU CRA Regulation ................................... i, 273, 308 
EUR .................................................................... iv, 308 
euro ............................................................ iv, 253, 308 
Euroclear ............................................................ ii, 308 
Euronext Dublin ................................................ 3, 308 
EuroNote Basis ....................................................... 253 
European Union ..................................................... 308 
EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement ........ 308 
EUWA ................................................. 4, 266, 278, 308 
Excess Above 110% ....................................... 161, 162 
Excess Cashflow ..................................................... 308 
Excess Cashflow Account ...................................... 152 
Excess Notional Amount ............................... 161, 162 
Excess Transaction ................................................ 161 
Exchange Rate ........................................................ 309 
Excluded Group Entity ......................................... 309 
Excluded Insurance Proceeds ............................... 309 
Excluded Tax .......................................................... 310 
Existing Facilities ................................................... 310 
Existing Indebtedness ............................................ 310 
Existing Joint Venture ........................................... 310 
Expected Maturity Date ................................ 253, 310 
Extraordinary Class A Note Quorum Requirements
 ................................................................................. 245 
Extraordinary Resolution ..................................... 310 
Extraordinary STID Resolution ................... 165, 310 
Extraordinary Voting Matters ............................. 310 
Facility Agent ......................................................... 311 
Facility Fees ............................................................ 311 
Facility Interest Payment Date ............................. 182 
Fairness Opinion .................................................... 312 
FATCA ........................................................... 240, 312 
FCA ........................................................ i, 40, 104, 312 
FCF ......................................................................... 312 
Federal Reserve System ........................................ 233 
Fifth Facility Fee .................................................... 312 
Final Maturity Date ....................................... 254, 312 
Final Terms ................................................. i, 223, 313 
Finance Documents ................................................ 313 
Finance Party ......................................................... 313 
Financial Adviser ........................................... 232, 313 
Financial Indebtedness .......................................... 313 
Financial Statements ............................................. 313 
Financial Support Direction ................................. 313 
Financial Year ........................................................ 313 
First Facility Fee .................................................... 313 
first lockdown ........................................................... 28 
First Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed ...... 314 
Fitch ........................................................................ 273 
Fixed Rate Class A Notes ...................................... 223 
Fixed Rate Note ...................................................... 314 
Following Business Day Convention .................... 229 
Foreign Currency ............................................. 13, 158 
Form of Transfer ................................................... 314 
Fourth Facility Fee ................................................ 314 
FSMA ..................................... 4, 21, 104, 266, 278, 314 
Further Enforcement Instruction Notice ............. 175 
FX Hedge Counterparty .......................................... 20 
FX Hedging Transaction ......................................... 20 
GAR........................................................... 30, 109, 314 
GBP ............................................................................ iv 
GBP Interest Rate Hedging Transaction ..... 161, 314 
GBP LIBOR .............................................................. iv 
GDPR ................................................................ 36, 314 
GEC ......................................................................... 112 
GENPRU ......................................................... 105, 314 
Global Note ............................................................. 314 
Governmental Authority ....................................... 314 
Gross Redemption Yield ................................ 211, 232 
Group ........................................................................... i 
Group Relief ........................................................... 314 
G-SIBs ....................................................................... 68 
Hedge Counterparties ...................................... 19, 314 
Hedge Counterparty ........................................ 19, 314 
Hedge Excess .................................................. 161, 162 
Hedging Agreement ............................................... 314 
Hedging Policy .......................................................... 12 
Hedging Transaction.............................................. 314 
HM Revenue & Customs ....................................... 314 
HMRC ....................................................... 71, 275, 314 
Holdco .................................................................. i, 314 
Holdco Group .......................................... i, 17, 75, 314 
Holdco Group Agent ........................................ 17, 314 
Holdco Security Group ............................................ 17 
holder ...................................................................... 225 
Holder ..................................................................... 225 
holder of the Class A Notes ................................... 296 
Holding Company .................................................. 315 
IAS 39 ...................................................................... 315 
IASB .................................................................. 75, 315 
IBLA Advance ........................................................ 315 
ICO .................................................................... 36, 315 
ICOBS ............................................................. 105, 315 
ICSDs ...................................................................... 315 
IDD ...................................................................... 3, 106 
IDD Order .............................................................. 106 
IDU .................................................................... 37, 315 
IFRS .................................................................. 75, 315 
IHP .......................................................................... 315 
Illegality Event ....................................................... 196 
Indexed .................................................................... 315 
Indirect Participants .............................................. 263 
Individual Exchange Date ..................................... 261 
Industry and Market Data ...................................... 283 
Information Memorandum ................................... 315 
Information Package.............................................. 315 
Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties ............... 315 
Initial Class A IBLA .............................................. 315 
Initial Class B IBLA ............................................... 315 
Initial Dealers ......................................................... 315 
Initial Liquidity Facility Agent ............................. 315 
Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement ..................... 315 
Initial Liquidity Facility Providers ....................... 315 
Initial Rating........................................................... 315 
Insolvency Act ........................................................ 316 
Insolvency Event .................................................... 316 
Insolvency Official ................................................. 316 
Insolvency Proceedings .......................................... 316 
Insolvency Regulation ............................................ 317 
INSPRU ................................................................... 317

--- Page 383 ---
363 
  
Instalment Amount ................................................ 230 
Instalment Date ...................................................... 317 
Instalment Note ...................................................... 317 
Instructing Group .................................................. 317 
Insurance ................................................................ 317 
Insurance Distribution Directive ...................... 3, 317 
Insurance Mediation Directive ....................... 42, 317 
Insurance Proceeds ................................................ 317 
Insurer .................................................................... 317 
Intellectual Property .............................................. 317 
Intercreditor Arrangements ........................... 12, 163 
Interest Payment Date ........................................... 254 
Interest Period ........................................................ 317 
Interest Rate ........................................................... 217 
Interest Rate Hedging Transaction ...................... 317 
Intermediate Holdco .............................................. 317 
Investment Company Act .................................. v, 317 
Investor ................................................................... 317 
Investor Debt .......................................................... 317 
Investor Funding Loan .......................................... 317 
Investor Report ...................................................... 318 
IPCo .................................................................. 44, 318 
IPO .................................................................... 93, 318 
IRB Approach .......................................................... 68 
Ireland .................................................................... 318 
Irish Obligor ........................................................... 318 
Irish Security Agreement ...................................... 318 
Irish Share Pledge .................................................. 318 
ISDA Master Agreement ....................................... 318 
Issue Date........................................................ 254, 318 
Issue Price ............................................................... 318 
Issuer ........................................................... 3, 223, 318 
Issuer Account ........................................................ 318 
Issuer Account Bank........................................ 20, 318 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement .................. 224, 318 
Issuer Accounts .............................................. 215, 318 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement .................. 318 
Issuer Cash Manager ............................................. 318 
Issuer Charged Documents ................................... 318 
Issuer Class A Transaction Documents ....... 224, 318 
Issuer Class B Transaction Documents ................ 319 
Issuer Common Documents .................................. 319 
Issuer Corporate Officer Agreement ........... 213, 319 
Issuer Corporate Officer Provider ............... 213, 319 
Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account ................... 319 
Issuer Deed of Charge ................................... 223, 319 
Issuer Financials .................................................... 117 
Issuer Hedge Counterparties .......................... 20, 224 
Issuer Hedge Counterparty............................. 20, 319 
Issuer Hedge Replacement Premium ................... 319 
Issuer Hedging Agreement .............................. 20, 319 
Issuer Hedging Agreements .................................. 224 
Issuer Hedging Transaction .................................. 319 
Issuer Insolvency Event ................................. 254, 319 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Agreement ...... 320 
Issuer Jersey Corporate Services Provider ......... 320 
Issuer Jersey Share Security Agreement ............. 320 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Standby Account .......... 320 
Issuer Liquidity Shortfall ...................................... 320 
Issuer Payment Priorities ...................................... 320 
Issuer Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments ... 209 
Issuer Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments ..... 214 
Issuer Profit Amount ............................................. 320 
Issuer Secured Creditor Entrenched Right ......... 320 
Issuer Secured Creditors ................. 19, 208, 223, 321 
Issuer Secured Liabilities ...................................... 321 
Issuer Secured Property ................................ 208, 249 
Issuer Security ................................ 208, 223, 227, 321 
Issuer Security Document ..................................... 321 
Issuer Security Enforcement Notice ..................... 242 
Issuer Security Trustee ............................ 19, 223, 321 
Issuer Senior Debt .................................................. 321 
Issuer Senior Secured Creditors ........................... 322 
Issuer Senior Secured Liabilities .......................... 322 
Issuer Transaction Accounts ................................. 322 
Issuer Transaction Documents ............................. 322 
IT ............................................................................. 322 
Jersey Bankruptcy Law ........................................... 58 
Jersey Companies Law ............................................ 58 
Joint Venture .......................................................... 322 
Joint Venture Investment ...................................... 337 
Joint Venture Receipts........................................... 322 
Junior Finance Document ..................................... 322 
Junior Finance Party ............................................. 322 
Lead Manager ........................................................ 322 
Letter of Credit ...................................................... 322 
LF Interest Payment Date ..................................... 322 
LFP Information ....................................................... vi 
Liabilities ................................................................ 322 
Liabilities Acquisition ............................................ 323 
Limitation Acts ....................................................... 323 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ........................................ 67 
Liquidity Drawing .................................................. 323 
Liquidity Facility .................................................... 323 
Liquidity Facility Agent......................................... 323 
Liquidity Facility Agreement ................ 202, 224, 323 
Liquidity Facility Provider .................................... 224 
Liquidity Facility Providers .......................... 224, 323 
Liquidity Facility Standby Account ............. 152, 323 
Liquidity Loan Drawing ........................................ 323 
Liquidity Required Amount .................................. 323 
Liquidity Shortfall ................................................. 323 
Loan Acceleration Notice ...................................... 323 
Loan Enforcement Notice ...................................... 323 
Loan Interest Payment Date ................................. 323 
lockdown periods ..................................................... 28 
Maintenance Capex Reserve Account .................. 152 
Maintenance Capital Expenditure ........................ 324 
Make-Whole Amount ............................................ 324 
Mandate and Syndication Letter .......................... 324 
Mandatory Prepayment Account ......................... 152 
Margin Regulations ............................................... 324 
Master Definitions Agreement ...................... 224, 324 
Material Adverse Effect ......................................... 324 
Material Company ................................................. 324 
materially prejudiced ............................... 64, 205, 247 
materially prejudicial .............................. 63, 166, 205 
Maximum Finance Lease Amount ........................ 135 
MCOB ............................................................. 105, 324 
MDA ................................................................ 224, 324 
Member State ......................................................... 324 
MiFID II ...................................................... 3, 266, 278 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ....................... 3 
Minimum Capital Maintenance Spend Amount . 324 
Minimum Long Term Rating ................................ 324 
MIPRU ............................................................ 105, 324

--- Page 384 ---
364 
  
Modified Following Business Day Convention .... 229 
Moody’s .................................................................. 324 
Moody's .................................................................. 273 
MoU .......................................................................... 44 
MSPI ....................................................................... 112 
Nationwide .............................................................. 324 
necessary information ............................................ viii 
Negative Earnings Acquisition Target ................. 332 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ........................................ 67 
New Dealer ............................................................. 324 
New Global Note .................................................... 325 
New Liquidity Facility Agreement ....................... 202 
New Safekeeping Structure ................................... 325 
New Shareholder Injections .................................. 325 
NFC Representation .............................................. 325 
NGB ........................................................................ 325 
NGN ........................................................................ 258 
NIG LAN Notice .................................................... 254 
NIG LAN Resolution ............................................. 254 
Non-Base Currency ............................................... 325 
Non-eligible NGB ................................................... 325 
Note ......................................................................... 325 
Note Acceleration Notice ....................................... 325 
Note Basis ............................................................... 253 
Note Instructing Group ......................................... 325 
Note Interest Payment Date .................................. 325 
Note Relevant Date ................................................ 255 
Note Trust Deed ..................................................... 325 
Note Trustee ........................................................... 325 
Noteholder .............................................................. 250 
Noteholder Instruction Resolution ....................... 177 
Noteholders............................................................. 325 
Notifiable Debt Purchase Transaction ................. 140 
NSS .......................................................................... 325 
Obligations ............................................................. 325 
Obligor .............................................................. 17, 325 
Obligor Coverage Test .......................................... 141 
Obligor Junior Secured Creditors ........................ 325 
Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities ....................... 326 
Obligor Operating Accounts ................................. 326 
Obligor Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments . 326 
Obligor Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments .. 326 
Obligor Priorities of Payments ............................. 326 
Obligor Secured Creditor ..................................... 326 
Obligor Secured Creditors .............................. 18, 326 
Obligor Secured Liabilities ................................... 326 
Obligor Secured Property ..................................... 327 
Obligor Security ..................................................... 327 
Obligor Security Agreement ........................... 12, 327 
Obligor Security Documents ........................... 19, 327 
Obligor Security Trustee ................................. 12, 327 
Obligor Senior Discharge Date ............................. 327 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditor ........................... 18 
Obligor Senior Secured Creditors ........................ 327 
Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities ....................... 327 
Obligor STID Proposal .................................. 255, 327 
Obligors .................................................................... 17 
OCB Commodities Notional Amount................... 156 
OCB FX Calculation Amount ............................... 156 
OCB Secured Capped Hedging Transactions 13, 156 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparties ................... 156 
OCB Secured Hedge Counterparty ........................ 20 
OCB Secured Hedge Payment Date ..................... 182 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreement ......................... 20 
OCB Secured Hedging Agreements ..................... 156 
OCB Secured Hedging Transactions .............. 13, 157 
OCB Secured Transaction Cap............................. 157 
OCB Trade Date .................................................... 157 
OCB Treasury Counterparty .......................... 20, 157 
OCB Treasury Transaction ........................... 157, 328 
OCB Treasury Transactions ................................... 13 
OECD proposals ....................................................... 74 
OFAC ...................................................................... 349 
Offering ............................................................. 65, 328 
Official List ......................................................... 3, 328 
Offsetting Transaction ........................................... 328 
Order .......................................................................... iii 
Ordinary STID Resolution .................................... 328 
Ordinary Voting Matters ...................................... 328 
Original Class B Notes ........................................... 328 
Original Financial Statements .............................. 328 
Original Obligor ..................................................... 328 
Original Period ....................................................... 138 
Original Transaction.............................................. 160 
Other Class A Voting Matter ................................ 244 
outstanding ............................................................. 329 
Outstanding Principal Amount ............................. 330 
Overhedged Position .............................................. 158 
Overhedging—Foreign Currency Denominated 
Debt ......................................................................... 161 
Overhedging—GBP Denominated Debt .............. 160 
Overlaid Transaction ............................................. 331 
Overlay Transaction .............................................. 331 
Participants ............................................................. 263 
Participating Member State .......................... 255, 331 
Participating Member States ................................ 255 
Participating Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors
 ................................................................................. 331 
Partnership ............................................................. 331 
Party ........................................................................ 331 
Pay ........................................................................... 331 
Paying Agents ......................................................... 331 
Payment .................................................................. 331 
Payment Business Day ........................................... 255 
Payment Date ......................................................... 331 
PCWs................................................................. 34, 331 
Pensions Liabilities ................................................. 331 
Pensions Regulator ................................................. 332 
Perfection Requirements ....................................... 332 
Permanent Class A Global Note ............................... ii 
Permitted Acquisition ............................................ 332 
Permitted Business ................................................. 333 
Permitted Debt Purchase Party ............................ 334 
Permitted Disposal ................................................. 334 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness ........................ 335 
Permitted Guarantee ............................................. 336 
Permitted Hedge Termination .............................. 337 
Permitted Investor Payment ................................. 337 
Permitted Joint Venture Investment .................... 337 
Permitted Loan ....................................................... 337 
Permitted Maximum Hedged Amount ......... 161, 162 
Permitted Payment ................................................ 338 
Permitted Reorganisation ...................................... 339 
Permitted Security ................................................. 340 
Permitted Share Issue ............................................ 342 
Permitted Tax Transaction ................................... 342

--- Page 385 ---
365 
  
Permitted Transaction ........................................... 343 
personal member ................................................... 343 
personal member market ...................................... 343 
personal members ................................................ 7, 93 
Post FMD ACF ....................................................... 188 
Potential Class A Note Event of Default .............. 343 
Potential CTA Event of Default ............................ 343 
pounds ........................................................................ iv 
PP Note Issuer ........................................................ 343 
PP Note Issuer Hedging Agreement ..................... 343 
PP Note Issuer Hedging Transaction ................... 343 
PP Note Purchase Agreement ............................... 343 
PP Note SCR Agreement ....................................... 343 
PP Note Secured Creditor Representative........... 343 
PP Noteholders ....................................................... 343 
PP Notes .................................................................. 344 
PPF .................................................................... 46, 343 
PPNIBLA ................................................................ 344 
PRA ................................................................. 104, 344 
PRC ........................................................................... 47 
Preceding Business Day Convention .................... 229 
PRIIPs Regulation ..................................................... 3 
Primary Transaction ............................................. 328 
Principal Amount Outstanding .................... 255, 344 
Principal Paying Agents ........................................ 344 
Pro-Forma Hedging Agreement ........................... 159 
Programme ................................................. 3, 223, 344 
Programme Limit .................................................. 344 
Projected Excess Cashflow .................................... 153 
Prospectus............................................................... 344 
Prospectus Regulation ....................................... 3, 344 
Purchase Price ........................................................ 333 
PwC ......................................................................... 117 
PwC Structure Memorandum .............................. 344 
QIB .......................................................................... 344 
qualified institutional buyer .................................. 344 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Creditors ...................... 255 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt .............................. 255 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Creditors ................... 344 
Qualifying Obligor Junior Secured Liabilities ... 169, 
344 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice ...................................................................... 344 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Creditors ................. 168 
Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities ................ 168 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Creditors ................... 344 
Qualifying Obligor Senior Secured Liabilities ... 169, 
344 
Qualifying Public Offering .................................... 345 
Quorum Requirement ........................................... 166 
RAO ................................................................ 105, 345 
Rating Agency ..................................................... i, 345 
Rating Confirmation ............................................. 345 
Real Property ......................................................... 345 
Recalculated Class A FCF DSCR ......................... 130 
Recast Insolvency Regulation ......................... 57, 345 
Receiver .................................................................. 345 
Record Date ............................................ 239, 261, 264 
Redeemed Class A Notes ....................................... 233 
Redemption Amount ............................................. 256 
Redemption Date ................................................... 232 
Reference Date ....................................................... 256 
Reference German Bund Dealer .......................... 232 
Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations ....... 232 
Reference Gilt ......................................................... 232 
Reference Market Makers ..................................... 211 
Reference Treasury Dealer ................................... 233 
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations ................ 233 
Registered Definitive Note ..................................... 346 
Registered Note ...................................................... 346 
Registrars ................................................................ 346 
Regulated Market ...................................................... 3 
Regulation S ........................................................ 4, 346 
Regulation S Global Note ...................................... 346 
Regulations ............................................... 25, 234, 346 
Regulatory Capital Requirements ........................ 346 
Relevant Class A Debt Transaction ...................... 145 
Relevant Class A Percentage ................................. 177 
Relevant Currency ................................................. 256 
Relevant Date ......................................................... 211 
relevant Dealer ........................................................... 3 
Relevant Debt ................................................... 13, 346 
Relevant Facility ..................................................... 182 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 256, 346 
Relevant Interbank Market .................................. 346 
Relevant Junior Finance Document ..................... 174 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................................. 346 
relevant Loan Interest Payment Date .................. 185 
Relevant Matter or Circumstance ................ 192, 354 
Relevant Matters .................................................... 138 
Relevant Note ......................................................... 251 
Relevant Note Instructing Percentage .................. 177 
Relevant Percentage ............................................... 175 
Relevant Period ...................................................... 145 
relevant persons ........................................................ iii 
RELEVANT PERSONS ............................................ 1 
relevant Projected Excess Cashflow Amount ...... 187 
Relevant Rate ......................................................... 256 
Relevant Senior Finance Document ..................... 173 
Relevant State ......................................................... 346 
relevant Stock Exchange ....................................... 352 
relevant time ............................................................. 61 
Relevant Time......................................... 176, 256, 347 
Relevant Transaction ............................................. 347 
Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date .... 347 
Relevant Treasury Stock ....................................... 211 
repeat business ....................................................... 347 
Repeated Representations ..................................... 126 
Reporting Date ....................................................... 347 
Representative ........................................................ 347 
Representative Amount ......................................... 256 
Required Accumulation Percentage ..................... 347 
Required Sweep Percentage .................................. 347 
Requisite Rating ............................................. 203, 347 
Reservations............................................................ 347 
Reserved Matters ........................................... 165, 347 
Restricted Cash ...................................................... 348 
Restricted Notes ........................................................ iv 
Restricted Payment ................................................ 348 
Restricted Person ................................................... 348 
retail investor .......................................................... 278 
Retail Price Index ................................................... 348 
Retained Excess Cashflow ..................................... 348 
Rule Set ................................................................... 349 
RWAs ........................................................................ 68 
S&P ...................................................... i, 271, 273, 349

--- Page 386 ---
366 
  
Saga Group ............................................................. 349 
Saga Pension Scheme ............................................. 349 
Sale .......................................................................... 196 
Sales Process ........................................................... 180 
Sanctions ................................................................. 349 
Sanctions Authorities ............................................. 349 
Sanctions List ......................................................... 349 
Scheduled LF Termination Date .......................... 202 
Scheme .......................................................... 8, 94, 349 
Second Facility Fee ................................................ 349 
second lockdown ...................................................... 28 
Second Supplemental Class B Note Trust Deed .. 349 
Secured Creditor Representative ......................... 349 
Secured Creditors .................................................. 349 
Secured Pensions Liabilities .................................. 349 
Securities Act ...................................................... 4, 349 
SECURITIES ACT ................................................ 280 
Security Group ....................................................... 349 
Security Group Companies ................................... 349 
Security Interest ..................................................... 349 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed .................. 12 
Selection Date ......................................................... 233 
Semi-Annual Financial Statements ...................... 349 
Senior Finance Document ..................................... 349 
Senior Finance Party ............................................. 350 
Senior Management Functions ............................. 108 
Senior Managers .................................................... 108 
Senior Term Facility ................................ 11, 195, 350 
Senior Term Facility Agreement ............ 11, 195, 350 
Seventh Facility Fee ............................................... 350 
Share Enforcement Event ..................................... 350 
Similar Law ............................................................ 280 
Sixth Facility Fee.................................................... 350 
Small company ....................................................... 351 
SMCR ............................................................. 108, 351 
SMFs ....................................................................... 108 
SMR .......................................................................... 96 
Solvency II .............................................................. 351 
Special Mandatory Redemption Event ........ 238, 351 
Specified Currency ........................................ 256, 351 
Specified Denomination ................................. 256, 351 
Specified Office ...................................................... 351 
Sponsor Affiliate .................................................... 351 
Sponsors .................................................................. 351 
Stabilising Manager .......................................... iv, 351 
Standby Drawing ........................................... 202, 351 
sterling ....................................................................... iv 
Sterling .................................................................... 352 
STF Agent ......................................................... 18, 352 
STF Arrangers ................................................. 18, 352 
STF Change of Control ......................................... 196 
STF Change of Control Notification Period ........ 196 
STF Final Maturity Date ....................................... 195 
STF Finance Document ......................................... 352 
STF Lenders ..................................................... 18, 352 
STF Loan ................................................................ 195 
STF Majority Lenders ........................................... 196 
STF Permitted Change of Control ....................... 197 
STF Underwriters .................................................. 352 
STID .......................................................... 12, 224, 352 
STID Proposal ................................................ 164, 352 
STID Voting Request ............................................. 165 
Stock Exchange .............................................. 256, 352 
Sub-Class ..................................................... i, 223, 352 
Sub-Class A1 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A2 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A3 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A4 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A5 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A6 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A7 Notes ................................................ 352 
Sub-Class A8 Notes ................................................ 352 
Subordinated Hedge Amounts .............................. 352 
Subordinated Intragroup Creditor ...................... 353 
Subordinated Intragroup Liabilities .................... 353 
Subordinated Investor ........................................... 353 
Subordinated Investor Liabilities ......................... 353 
Subordinated Liquidity Amount .......................... 353 
Subscription Agreement ................................ 223, 353 
Subsidiary ............................................................... 353 
sub-unit ................................................................... 256 
Successor ................................................................. 353 
TAAL .............................................................. 121, 353 
TAAL Business Transfer Implementation Date .. 353 
TAAL Migration Condition Account ................... 152 
TAAL Share Security Agreement ......................... 353 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 256, 353 
TARGET2 system .................................................. 256 
Tax ........................................................................... 354 
Tax Covenantors ............................................ 192, 354 
Tax Deed of Covenant.................................... 192, 354 
Tax Liability ........................................................... 191 
TDC Breach .................................................... 192, 354 
TEFRA C Rules ...................................................... 258 
TEFRA D Rules ...................................................... 258 
Temporary Class A Global Note ............................... ii 
Test Date ................................................................. 354 
Test Period .............................................................. 354 
The AA .................................................................... 111 
Third Facility Fee ................................................... 354 
third lockdown ......................................................... 28 
Topco .................................................................... i, 354 
Topco Demand Notice Instruction ........................ 190 
Topco Enforcement Instruction ............................ 191 
Topco Fixed Security ............................................. 221 
Topco Payment Undertaking ........................ 220, 354 
Topco Secured Creditor ........................................ 354 
Topco Secured Liabilities ...................................... 355 
Topco Secured Property ........................................ 355 
Topco Security ................................................ 221, 355 
Topco Security Agreement ............................ 221, 355 
Topco Security Documents .................................... 355 
Topco Security Enforcement Condition ............... 191 
Topco Transaction Documents ............................. 355 
Total Class A Net Debt .......................................... 355 
Total Debt Service Charges ................................... 355 
Total Hedged Amount ................................... 161, 162 
Total Net Debt ........................................................ 356 
TowerBrook ............................................................ 356 
TowerBrook Funds .............................. 8, 94, 115, 356 
Transaction Documents ......................................... 356 
Transfer Agent ....................................................... 356 
Treasury Rate ......................................................... 233 
Treasury Transaction ............................................ 356 
Treaty ...................................................................... 356 
Trigger Event ......................................................... 144

--- Page 387 ---
367 
  
Trigger Event Consequences ................................ 145 
Trigger Event Ratio Level ..................................... 356 
Trigger Event Remedy .......................................... 146 
U.S. .......................................................................... 356 
U.S. dollars ........................................................ iv, 356 
U.S.$ ........................................................................... iv 
UK ............................................................... 4, 266, 356 
UK CRA Regulation .............................................. 273 
UK GAAP ............................................................... 356 
UK MiFIR .................................................................. 4 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .................... 4 
UK Pensions Regulator ................................... 45, 356 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ...................................... 4, 266 
UK Prospectus Regulation .................................... 356 
UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations ........ 58, 356 
Unused Capital Maintenance Spend Amount ..... 133 
USD .................................................................... iv, 356 
UTCCR ........................................................... 109, 356 
Utilisation ............................................................... 357 
VAT ......................................................................... 357 
VAT Group ............................................................ 357 
VAT Grouping Legislation ................................... 357 
VATA ...................................................................... 357 
Viscount .................................................................... 58 
Volcker Rule ....................................................... v, 357 
Vote ......................................................................... 256 
Voted Qualifying Obligor Secured Liabilities ..... 357 
Voting Closure Date .............................................. 256 
Voting Date ............................................................. 256 
Voting Notice .................................................. 244, 246 
Voting Period .......................................................... 257 
Warburg Pincus ..................................................... 357 
Warburg Pincus Funds ........................ 8, 94, 115, 357 
WCF Agent ............................................... 18, 198, 357 
WCF Ancillary Facilities ......................................... 11 
WCF Ancillary Facility ................................... 11, 197 
WCF Arrangers ....................................................... 18 
WCF Change of Control ........................................ 198 
WCF Change of Control Notification Period ...... 198 
WCF Final Maturity Date ..................................... 198 
WCF Finance Documents ...................................... 357 
WCF Lenders ........................................... 18, 197, 357 
WCF Loan .............................................................. 357 
WCF Majority Lenders ......................................... 198 
WCF Permitted Change of Control ...................... 357 
WCF Underwriters ................................................ 357 
Working Capital ..................................................... 357 
Working Capital Facility ......................... 11, 197, 357 
Working Capital Facility Agreement ..... 11, 197, 357 
Working Time Directive .................................. 43, 357 
Working Time Regulation ..................................... 357 
WTR .......................................................................... 43 
XCCY Aggregate Hedged Amount ....................... 162 
XCCY Interest Rate Hedging Transaction .. 162, 358 
XCCY Overhedged Position ................................. 158

--- Page 388 ---
368 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
22 Grenville Street, 
St Helier, Jersey 
JE4 8PX, Channel Islands 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE OBLIGORS 
Fanum House, Basing View 
Basingstoke 
Hampshire, RG21 4EA, UK 
 
OBLIGOR SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, UK 
ISSUER SECURITY TRUSTEE AND CLASS A 
NOTE TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, UK 
 
CLASS A AGENT BANK AND CLASS A PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London, EC2N 2DB, UK 
CLASS A REGISTRAR AND CLASS A TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Trust & Agency Services 
60 Wall Street, 27th Floor 
MS NYC 60-2710 
New York, New York 10005 
United States of America 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE HOLDCO GROUP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1 Embankment Place 
London, WC2N 6RH 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Holdco Group  
as to English law and US law 
To the Dealers,  
as to English law and US law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  
100 Bishopsgate 
London, EC2P 2SR, UK 
Clifford Chance LLP  
10 Upper Bank Street 
London, E14 5JJ, UK 
To the Issuer  
as to Jersey law 
 
Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 
22 Grenville Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX, Channel Islands

--- Page 389 ---
Legal-62856999/111   168874-0007 
 
369 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee  
and the Class A Note Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy  
One Bishops Square  
London, E1 6AD, UK 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
London 
E14 4BB 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
London 
E14 4BB 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP  
 
 
 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 
Paris 
 
 
Credit Suisse International  
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom  
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2.