--- Page 1 ---
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 4 June 2024 and is valid 
for twelve months after the date of the approval, provided that it is supplemented as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
LEGAL#24882073v11
 
 
 
 
AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) 
 
Base prospectus for 
SEK 5,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S Danmark, Sverige Filial 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2(58) 
 
Important information 
In this Base Prospectus, the “Issuer”, the “Company” means AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ). The “Guarantor” or “Bonnier 
Fastigheter” means Bonnier Fastigheter AB. The “Group” means the Guarantor with all its subsidiaries from time to time (each 
a “Group Company”). “Euroclear Sweden” refers to Euroclear Sweden AB. “VPS”, means Verdipapirsentralen ASA. “Nasdaq 
Stockholm” refers to Nasdaq Stockholm AB. “SEK” refers to Swedish kronor. “NOK” refers to Norwegian kroner, “bn” refers to 
billion(s) and “M” refers to million(s). 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) beginning 
on page 22, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 42 (the “Final Terms”) have the same 
meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context requires otherwise. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together 
with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for medium term notes 
(the “Programme”). The Programme has been established by the Issuer to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time 
to time may issue medium term notes (“Notes”) in SEK or NOK in a minimum Nominal Amount corresponding to an amount of 
EUR 100,000, and with a minimum term of one year. The obligations under the Notes are guaranteed by Bonnier Fastigheter. The 
Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not 
exceed an amount corresponding to an amount of SEK 5,000,000,000 (five billion) at any time. The Company and the Dealers may 
agree to increase or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to 
buy or sell Notes.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) 
(the “SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is valid for a period of twelve months from the day of approval.  
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or 
in connection with this Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such 
jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply 
with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction outside Sweden. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Norway, unless in compliance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented into Norwegian law through Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the 
publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus 
is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s 
or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any 
material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of 
supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and appropriate channels 
for distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating 
in the issue of the Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect 
to future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or 
similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical 
facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable 
assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialize. Because these forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the 
forward-looking statement.

--- Page 3 ---
3(58) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 12 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ................................................................................................ 22 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 42 
GUARANTEE ........................................................................................................................................... 47 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION ...................................................................................................................... 48 
THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................................. 50 
THE GUARANTOR .................................................................................................................................. 52 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ............................................................................. 54 
ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................................. 57

--- Page 4 ---
4(58) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions 
included in the section “General Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) for the issuance of 
medium term notes in SEK or NOK. A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in SEK or NOK) and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer 
has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the 
Programme shall not exceed SEK 5,000,000,000 (five billion) at any time. The Issuer and the Dealers 
may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as Arranger and Danske Bank A/S Danmark, Sverige 
Filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers may 
be appointed. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the 
applicable Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued 
under the Programme. For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and 
conditions for the relevant Loan. Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with 
the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms will be submitted to the SFSA and published on the 
webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments (other than adjustments to clear and obvious errors and 
amendments made in accordance with Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) in the Terms and 
Conditions) to the Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such 
amendment, unless a Noteholders’ Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of the Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account 
(maintained with Euroclear Sweden or, if the Notes are denominated in NOK, with VPS) on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Notes will be registered in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and, if the Notes are denominated in 
NOK, in accordance with the Norwegian Financial Instruments Account Act (lov (2019:6) om 
verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.)) and the VPS Rules (VPS Rules for Registration of 
Financial Instruments). Registration requests relating to Notes shall be directed to an Account 
Operator. 
Registrar and Paying Agent 
If the Issuer is to issue MTN denominated in NOK, it shall appoint a registrar and paying agent to 
establish and manage the Issuer’s account in the VPS’s book-entry system in accordance with 
Norwegian law and the VPS rules, to register the Issuer’s issues of Notes denominated in NOK in the 
VPS’s book-entry system and assist the Issuer with payments of interest and principal amounts in 
respect of such Notes denominated in NOK.

--- Page 5 ---
5(58) 
 
Status of the Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall 
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
(except those obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
The Pricing of the MTN cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue 
on the basis of the prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the 
relevant Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of 
which is the interest applicable to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may 
be set at a floating interest rate based on STIBOR or NIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
Admission to trading 
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. Although the Issuer has undertaken to apply for registration on a 
Regulated Market for Loans which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted under applicable laws and regulations, to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, 
there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes will be so admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. 
Time-bar 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be time-barred and become void ten (10) years 
after the Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be time-barred and become void three 
(3) years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon time-bar, the Issuer will be entitled to keep 
any funds that may have been reserved for such payments. 
If the time-bar period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
(preskriptionslagen (1981:130)) a new time-bar period of ten years will commence for claims in 
respect of principal and three years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated 
from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect 
of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations which arise in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District 
Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be 
applicable with regards to the registration of Notes denominated in NOK in VPS. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate or have Zero Coupon. 
The interest structure applicable to a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short 
description of the available interest structures.

--- Page 6 ---
6(58) 
 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear 
interest according to the Interest Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up 
to and including the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up 
to and including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the 
sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of 
Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and shall be 
notified to the Paying Agent and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant 
period, adjusted for the application of Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate).  
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 or by using such other method of 
calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may be issued 
at a discount, par or premium. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks, being NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. The benchmarks 
are provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) and calculated in cooperation with Global 
Rate Set Systems Ltd. acting as calculation agent (NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (STIBOR). Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
are registered in the register of administrators provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).

--- Page 7 ---
7(58) 
 
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
Each Loan shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount (or such 
other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with accrued but unpaid interest. If the 
Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on this first following Business Day. 
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer 
The Company may repurchase MTN at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise 
provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company may, in 
the discretion of the Company, be retained, resold or cancelled. 
Repurchase upon change of control 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder, 
if: 
(a) 
for as long as no shares of the Guarantor are listed on any Regulated Market, Albert Bonnier 
AB (a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Swedish 
Reg. No. 556520-0341), directly or indirectly, ceases to own shares in the Guarantor 
representing more than 50 per cent. of the votes in the Guarantor; 
(b) 
if the shares in the Guarantor have been listed on any exchange, one or more persons (other 
than the Albert Bonnier AB) acting together, acquire control over the Guarantor and where 
“control” means: 
(i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the votes in the 
Guarantor; or 
(ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the 
directors of the board of directors of the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
the Guarantor ceases to own 100 per cent. of the shares in the Company representing 100 per 
cent. of the votes in the Company. 
As soon as the Company obtains knowledge of such an event, the Company shall be obligated to 
notify the Noteholders of such event through a press release published on the Company’s website and 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The notice shall contain instructions regarding how a 
Noteholder wishing to have an MTN repurchased must proceed as well as specifying the repurchase 
date. 
The repurchase date shall occur no earlier than twenty (20) and no later than forty (40) Business Days 
after notice of change mentioned in the Terms and Conditions. However, in the event the repurchase 
date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall be deemed to be the Business Day immediately 
following. 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase the 
relevant MTN on the repurchase date at its Nominal Amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
which would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date, together with accrued interest (where 
applicable). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions shall be paid instead.

--- Page 8 ---
8(58) 
 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be drafted in accordance 
with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions. The Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) 
Business Days before repurchase date. 
Green Finance Framework 
The Company has established a framework for Green MTN (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
dated May 2024 (the “Green Finance Framework”), under which Green MTN may be issued. The 
Green Finance Framework sets out terms and conditions to Green MTN (the “Green Terms”) and has 
been developed in alignment with the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) 2021 (with its 2022 appendix), 
established by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) as well as with the Green Loan 
Principles (“GLP”) 2023 administered by the Loan Market Association (“LMA”), the Asia Pacific 
Loan Market Association (“APLMA”) and the Loan Syndications and Trading Association 
(“LSTA”). 
The Green Finance Framework is applicable for issuance of Green MTN and other types of debt 
instruments where an amount equal to the net proceeds raised will be applied to finance or re-finance, 
in part or in full, Eligible Green Projects (as defined below). The Green Finance Framework is held 
available on the Group’s website www.bonnierfastigheter.se/debt-investors (the information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus). 
Use and management of proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds raised under the Green Finance Framework will be used by the 
Company to finance, or refinance, in part or in full, such assets, investments and other related and 
supporting expenditures that meets the eligibility criteria under the Green Finance Framework 
(“Eligible Green Projects”).  
New financing is defined as amounts allocated to ongoing Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Green 
Projects completed within the reporting year, and refinancing is defined as allocated amounts to 
Eligible Green Projects completed prior to the reporting year.1 The Company operates in the Swedish 
market, the net proceeds will therefore be used exclusively to finance Eligible Green Projects in 
Sweden. 
The net proceeds from the Green MTN will be managed according to a portfolio approach, led by 
Group Treasury. Bonnier Fastigheter will use a register for the purpose of allocating, tracking and 
monitoring, and ensuring that an amount equal to the net proceeds from Green MTN only supports the 
financing of Eligible Green Projects (the “Green Register”). The combined allocated amount to a 
specific Eligible Green Project, by one or several sources of financing with specified use of proceeds, 
may not exceed its value.  
Net proceeds may be reallocated to other Eligible Green Projects at any time during the term of a 
Green MTN. In the event a financed Eligible Green Project no longer meets the eligibility criteria 
under the Green Finance Framework, it will be removed from the Green Register. The Green Register 
will form the basis for the Company’s Green Finance Impact Report (see the “Reporting” section 
below). 
 
1 For refinancing of other related and supporting expenditures (OpEx) a look-back period of maximum three years will apply.

--- Page 9 ---
9(58) 
 
Bonnier Fastigheter intends to allocate all the net proceeds as soon as possible but at the latest within 
36 months of issuance. In the event that the total outstanding Green MTN and other debt instruments 
exceeds the value of the Green Projects in the Green Register, the unallocated amount will be placed 
in the liquidity reserves and managed as such, while adhering to the exclusion criteria listed under the 
process for project evaluation and selection section. 
Eligible Green Projects 
Eligible Green 
Projects 
Eligibility Criteria 
Examples of Green Indicators 
Green 
Buildings2 
New buildings3 that meet all of the criteria below: 
• 
have, or will, receive a primary energy demand (PED) at least 20% lower 
than the Nearly Zero-Energy Building (NZEB) requirement 
• 
have, or will, receive a design stage certification or a post-construction 
certification of Miljöbyggnad “Silver”, BREEAM “Excellent”, LEED 
“Gold”, Nordic Swan Ecolabel, or better, and 
• 
have or will receive a screening of material climate risks 
Renovation of existing buildings4 
• 
renovation of an existing building that leads to an overall reduction in 
Primary Energy Demand (PED) of at least 30%, compared to pre-retrofit 
Existing buildings5 that meet all of the criteria below: 
• 
have a post-construction certification or an in-use certification of 
Miljöbyggnad “Silver”, BREEAM “Very Good”, LEED “Gold”, Nordic 
Swan Ecolabel, or better, 
• 
have undergone a screening of material climate risks, and 
• 
achieve a Primary Energy Demand (PED) per square meter not exceeding 
the targets set out below: 
 
Construction year 
Primary Energy Demand 
After 2019 
The building has an Energy Performance 
Certificate (EPC) demonstrating class A or 
is within the top 15% of the national or 
regional building stock.6 
2010–2019 
80 kWh/m² 
1970–2009 
90 kWh/m² 
Before 1970 
100 kWh/m² 
 
• 
Environmental 
certification and level 
• 
Carbon intensity annual 
emissions 
• 
Reduced or avoided 
tonnes of CO2e 
emissions 
• 
Primary energy demand 
(kWh per sqm) 
• 
Energy use reduced or 
avoided 
Energy 
efficiency 
Solutions, infrastructure, technologies and related research, development and 
innovation to increase energy efficiency. Projects include the installation of more 
efficient ventilation or heating systems, adjusting light- controls and fittings, AI 
technology and related digital solutions such as AI-assisted heating, cooling and 
ventilation controlling systems, Building Management Systems ‘’BMS’’, Energy 
monitoring systems and digital water management systems. 
For a project to be eligible, the Company will ascertain the following: 
• 
Annual energy savings 
in MWh 
• 
Examples of energy 
efficiency projects 
 
2 The Green Building category covers both commercial and residential buildings. 
3 New buildings refer to properties built after the 31 December 2020. 
4 A renovated building that fulfils the criteria for Existing buildings in the Green Finance Framework can be classified as an Eligible Green 
Project as a whole. If the building, after a renovation, does not fulfil the criteria for an existing building in the Green Finance Framework 
only the cost of the renovation measures can be financed. 
5 Existing buildings refer to properties built before the 31 December 2020. 
6 Bonnier Fastigheter will reference an external benchmark when determining the top 15%. Such a benchmark could be e.g. guidance by 
national governments or a specialist study. The top 15% PED applicable under the Green Finance Framework will be updated continuously.

--- Page 10 ---
10(58) 
 
Eligible Green 
Projects 
Eligibility Criteria 
Examples of Green Indicators 
• 
High estimated energy savings in the targeted area for physical 
installations (minimum 25%). 
• 
Minimise long-term negative climate impact and potential rebound effects. 
Renewable 
energy 
Onsite or stand-alone installations of solar panels and geothermal heating7 and cooling 
installations and thermal or electric energy storage such as borehole thermal energy 
storage, hydrogen storage, solar battery as well as related infrastructure. 
• 
Annual renewable 
energy generation 
(MWh) 
• 
Capacity of renewable 
energy (MW) 
• 
Capacity of energy 
storage (MW/MWh) 
Clean 
transportation 
EV charging points, bicycle garages, pedestrian walkways, bicycle lanes and other 
supportive infrastructure investments that promote the use of clean transportation 
solutions. 
• 
The number of 
charging stations for 
electric vehicles 
installed 
• 
Number of bicycles that 
a bicycle garage can 
accommodate 
 
 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
The Company has established a green finance committee (the “Committee”) to evaluate and select 
projects that meet the eligibility criteria under the Green Finance Framework. The Committee meets at 
least on an annual basis but more often if necessary. 
The Committee is responsible for the following: 
1. Evaluating the compliance of proposed projects with the eligibility criteria outlined in the 
“Eligible Green Projects” section above. All decisions to allocate net proceeds will require a 
consensus decision by the committee, whereby the Head of Sustainable Development holds a veto. 
2. Ensuring that the pool of Eligible Green Projects is aligned with the categories and criteria as 
specified in the “Eligible Green Projects” section above, which includes life-cycle consideration, 
potential rebound effect and resilience considerations. Bonnier Fastigheter will also evaluate 
social and environmental risks connected to the proposed Eligible Green Projects. The evaluation 
will be based on Bonnier Fastigheter’s internal policies and guidelines such as Bonnier 
Fastigheter’s Sustainability Policy and the Environmental and Climate Action Plan. 
3. Ensuring the pool of Eligible Green Projects is in line with national laws, regulations as well as 
Bonnier Fastigheter’s policies. 
4. Replacing projects that no longer meet the eligibility criteria (e.g. following divestment, 
liquidation, concerns regarding alignment of underlying activities with eligibility criteria, etc.). 
5. On a best effort basis, reviewing and updating the content of the Green Finance Framework and 
managing any future updates of the document to reflect relevant changes in the Company’s 
 
7 For geothermal heating only projects with direct emissions below 100 g CO2/kWh will qualify.

--- Page 11 ---
11(58) 
 
corporate strategy, technology and market developments (e.g. the introduction of the European 
Green Bond Standard). 
6. Ensuring that the net proceeds will not be allocated or linked to the exclusion criteria, i.e. fossil-
based energy generation, nuclear energy generation, research and/or development within weapons 
and defence, potentially environmentally negative resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements 
or fossil fuels), gambling or tobacco. 
Reporting 
To enable investors to monitor performance and to provide insight into prioritised areas, the Company 
will provide an annual Green Finance Impact Report. The Green Finance Impact report will include 
information regarding the allocation and impact of the net proceeds and will be published annually as 
long as there are Green MTN outstanding. 
The allocation reporting will detail (i) a description of the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects to which 
net proceeds have been allocated, (ii) a description of outstanding Green MTN and other debt 
instruments and total nominal amounts outstanding, (iii) information on the split between new 
financing and re-financing, and (iv) the proportion of net proceeds allocated per Eligible Green Project 
category and geographical distribution. 
The impact reporting aims to disclose the environmental impact of the Eligible Green Projects 
financed under the Green Finance Framework, based on the Company’s financing share of each 
project. For Eligible Green Projects in the project categories of energy efficiency, renewable energy 
and clean transportation, the impact reporting, may to some degree, involve aggregation. The impact 
assessment is provided with the reservation that not all related data can be covered and that 
calculations will therefore be on a best-effort basis, e.g. if a Green Building is under construction but 
not yet operational, the Company will provide best estimates of future energy performance levels. The 
impact assessment will, on best-effort basis be aligned with ICMA’s Harmonised Framework for 
Impact Reporting core indicators for Green Buildings. The Company will strive to report on impact 
indicators presented in the table above in the column with the heading “Examples of Green 
Indicators”. 
External review 
An independent external party, appointed by the Company with the relevant experience and expertise 
will on an annual basis provide a review, confirming that an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Green MTN and other debt instruments has been allocated to Eligible Green Projects in line with the 
Company’s reporting under the Green Finance Framework. The conclusions will be provided in a 
signed statement, which will be published on the Group’s website www.bonnierfastigheter.se/debt-
investors (the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
The Green Finance Framework has been reviewed by the impartial firm Morningstar Sustainalytics, 
which has provided a second opinion confirming the Green Finance Framework’s credibility, impact 
and alignment with the GBPs and the GLPs. The second-party opinion is dated 23 May 2024 and is 
available on the Group’s website www.bonnierfastigheter.se/debt-investors (the information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 12 ---
12(58) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including both risks pertaining to 
the Issuer’s and the Group’s business and risks related to the Notes. The Issuer’s assessment of the 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information 
available and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are 
presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in 
order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than 
one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk 
factor. 
Risks relating to the Group 
Economic and market risks 
The macroeconomic environment 
The Group owns, manages and develops commercial properties in selected regions in Sweden, 
primarily in the city region of Stockholm and Uppsala. The Group’s operations are therefore affected 
by macroeconomic factors that are beyond its control. These factors include but are not limited to 
growth measured as gross domestic product (GDP), inflation and possible deflation. For example, the 
rent levels and the occupancy rate are affected by, among other things, the economic growth in 
Sweden, the rate of production of new premises, changes in infrastructure, level of employment and 
population structure. Albeit, economic development in Sweden in general has been positive since the 
early 1990’s (save for during the financial crisis in 2008-2009), the growth rate has been declining 
since the mid 2010’s. Economic stagnation affects the level of employment, which is an essential basis 
for supply and demand in the rental market and thus is expected to result in a reduced demand for 
premises, more vacancies, reduced production of new premises and potentially reduced market rents. 
An economic downturn will also increase the risk of payment difficulties, which could have a direct 
negative effect on the Group’s cash flow, performance and result. 
Changes in interest rates and inflation could also affect yield requirements and therefore the market 
value of the Group’s property portfolio (see further “Project developments, property investments and 
property transactions” below). Since the Group is affected by factors relating to general economic and 
business development, Bonnier Fastigheter’s ability to affect its financial result in the short term are to 
some extent limited.  
The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as the outbreak of disease epidemics and acts of war, 
have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, or even 
depression. Recent examples of such events include Russia’s ongoing military assault on Ukraine and 
the aggravated geopolitical situation in the Middle East. Moreover, the past year has seen rising 
tensions between China and Taiwan as well as on the Korean Peninsula. The degree to which such 
macro-economic and political factors may affect Bonnier Fastigheter is uncertain and presents a 
significant risk to its access to financing and financing costs which in turn would have a negative 
impact on Bonnier Fastigheter’s financial position and earnings.  
The Group operates in a competitive sector 
Bonnier Fastigheter operates in a competitive sector, competing with e.g. Axfast, Hufvudstaden, 
Kungsleden, Castellum and Vasakronan. Among other things, the Group’s competitiveness depends 
on its ability to attract and retain tenants, to anticipate future changes and trends in the sector, and to 
rapidly adapt to both current and future market needs. Furthermore, Bonnier Fastigheter’s competitors

--- Page 13 ---
13(58) 
 
may have more resources at their disposal and may have the capacity to better withstand market 
downturns, to compete more successfully, to better retain skilled personnel, and to respond more 
rapidly to evolving tenant needs. Accordingly, Bonnier Fastigheter may have to make investments and 
restructurings or agree to price reductions in order to adapt to a changed competitive situation, for 
example through the renegotiation of lease terms. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to 
successfully counteract the effects of competition in the business sector it operates in. If Bonnier 
Fastigheter is unable to successfully compete, this failure will materially impact on rent levels and 
vacancy rates, and the Group’s revenues could decline, which in turn may have a materially adverse 
impact on Bonnier Fastigheter’s operations and financial position.  
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between 
different geographic markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such 
geographic markets and property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall, and the market’s 
yield requirement will therefore increase within those geographic markets and property categories in 
which Bonnier Fastigheter operates. This may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s profits 
and result. 
Risks related to properties and development projects 
Fluctuations in property value 
The Group reports its property holdings at fair value, which for properties imply market value. The 
fair value is based on an annual external valuation, supported by internal valuations of the properties 
carried out continuously (currently twice a year). 
As of 31 December 2023, Bonnier Fastigheter’s consolidated property portfolio has been externally 
valuated to SEK 15.3 b. The result and financial position of the Group are therefore exposed to 
changes in the property portfolio’s market value. A 50% value loss of the properties will lead to a 
loan-to-value ratio of 83% for the Group, compared with the loan-to-value ratio of 42% of the Group 
on the date of this prospectus. 
The value of properties is impacted by several factors, which are outside the control of the Group, that 
affect supply and demand such as the business cycle, interest rate level, financing and required yield. 
The structure of contracts and customer base, as well as Bonnier Fastigheter’s capability to manage, 
improve and develop its properties also impact the property portfolio’s valuation. Furthermore, a 
property’s market value could be difficult to assess in a market with low turn-over. The value of the 
properties is, assuming a fully functioning credit and transaction market, affected by supply and 
demand, where the price is mainly dependent on the expected operational result of the relevant 
property and yield requirements of the buyer. As a result of, among other things, the Swedish central 
bank’s decisions to raise the policy rate in 2022 and 2023, there has been a general slowdown in the 
property market, which has reduced demand and thus the market value of properties. A reduced 
demand, higher yield requirements and negative growth will result in a decreased market value. There 
is a risk that a negative development of the properties’ value will adversely affect the Group’s net 
property assets value. 
Rental income 
Bonnier Fastigheter’s income primarily comprises rental income from its properties. Rents as well as 
vacancies are strongly influenced by the growth of the Swedish economy as a whole, but also by the 
growth on a regional and local level where the Group operates. The rental income and vacancies may 
further be affected negatively in the event of bad customer care and/or property maintenance by the 
Group. On 31 December 2023, the average contract duration was 3.2 years for all tenants (excluding 
garages and residentials). As a result, short-term variations in market rents would not have an 
immediate impact on the Group’s rental revenues. Nevertheless, there is a risk that long-term rent

--- Page 14 ---
14(58) 
 
levels are reduced due to a decreasing demand, such a rent decrease will adversely affect the Group’s 
result and financial position. 
The risk of rental losses and vacancies is further affected by the Group’s tenant structure. The Group’s 
tenants comprise some 300 tenants secured through about 630 contracts. The largest tenant is Öhrlings 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC), standing for about 14 per cent of total rental income. Having large 
commercial tenants may result in concentration risks. As of 31 December 2023, Bonnier Fastigheter’s 
ten largest tenants accounted for close to 44 per cent of the rental income. There is a risk that one or 
more of the Group’s larger tenants fail to fulfil their obligations to pay the agreed rents, which in turn 
poses a significant risk to the operations and results of the Group. 
There is also a risk that Bonnier Fastigheter’s tenants will not renew or extend their leases as they 
expire and, if they do not renew or extend their leases, there is a risk that it will not be possible to find 
new tenants, or that new tenants will have other requirements and preferences resulting in increased 
restructuring costs, which may not always be compensated by increased rent levels. If tenants fail to 
perform their obligations at all – for example in the event of bankruptcy – or only after debt collection 
measures have been taken, this may also result in loss of revenue and an increased vacancy rate, with 
lower property values as a consequence. This possible event is to a larger extent more likely to happen 
for certain sectors than others, e.g. restaurants. If tenants fail to renew or extend their leases as they 
expire, or fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform their obligations, this may have 
a material adverse impact on the Group’s operations and results. 
Operating and maintenance costs 
Operating and maintenance costs are mainly costs for electricity, cleaning, water, heating and snow 
removal. Some of these services can only be purchased from a few operators, which can affect the 
price. Further, the costs for electricity, heating and snow removal are affected by weather conditions. 
Notwithstanding that most of Bonnier Fastigheter’s leases are structured in a manner that the tenant 
defrays a significant part of these costs, there may be material adverse impact in the Group’s result in 
case that it is not possible to receive increased rental payments to cover any such increased costs 
incurred by the Group (for example in case of vacancies). 
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Bonnier Fastigheter’s properties in the long-term 
and/or modernising properties require maintenance and renovation expenditures. Such expenditures as 
are necessary to satisfy market or legal requirements may be significant and unforeseen. Furthermore, 
there are risks associated with the technical operation of properties, such as the risk of structural 
defects, other defects or deficiencies, damage (for example, through fire or other forces of nature) and 
contamination. Climate change also presents a risk of property damage caused by weather conditions, 
increased water levels and changes in other physical environments that affect real estate. There is a 
risk that, in respect of large-scale operating expenses, maintenance or renovation work, it may not be 
possible to (i) pass on the associated costs to Bonnier Fastigheter’s tenants through increased rents or 
(ii) receive compensation through insurance indemnification. 
The property tax, which is based on the assessed value of the property, is based on political decisions. 
This applies both to the basis of the calculation, the assessed value and the tax level. The property tax 
is normally charged to the tenants for leased areas, whereas the tax for vacant areas is carried by the 
Group. 
To the extent Bonnier Fastigheter is not compensated for increased operating costs or losses in 
income, there is a risk that the Group’s result and financial position is adversely affected.

--- Page 15 ---
15(58) 
 
Project developments, property investments and property transactions 
Project development and property investments 
Development projects, such as construction of new buildings and reconstructions and refurbishments 
of existing buildings, are value creating but also associated with risk. Bonnier Fastigheter is dependent 
on receiving relevant approvals from authorities to carry out such projects. Major tailor-made projects 
entail substantial investments. Should the tenants of such project be unable to fulfil their obligation to 
pay rent and Bonnier Fastigheter is unable to find other tenants for such premises, there is a risk that 
Bonnier Fastigheter is unable to regain its investment in such projects. Certain projects will be 
commenced without contracted tenants for all areas of the building, which entails a risk that there will 
be vacancies when the project is finalised and in turn result in increased costs and/or decreased 
income, having a negative impact on the Group’s operations and results. Further, there is a risk that 
major constructions, reconstructions or refurbishments on any of the Group’s properties become more 
expensive than initially expected and/or, are delayed and such delay results in the tenants not being 
able to use the premises from the expected date, which in turn will result in increased costs and/or 
decreased income for the Group, having an adverse effect on the financial position and result of the 
Group. 
Going forward, the Group intends to expand its investments in new development projects which 
exposes the Group to transaction costs or cancelled acquisitions, which could have a negative effect on 
the Group’s earnings and financial position. Such new investments also exposes the Group to the risk 
that it is unable to lease such properties, or where the rental value of such properties turns out to be 
less profitable than expected, or where premises remain unsold and the Group has undesired tied-up 
capital on the balance sheet, any of these factors or a combination of them, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s earnings and financial position. 
Further, there is a risk connected to the failure of making the relevant and necessary investments, 
failing which could result in the properties not maintaining, inter alia, satisfactory technical standards. 
Failure to uphold such standards may result in unforeseen costs or investments or result in dissatisfied 
tenants not prolonging or seeking to terminate their lease agreements. It is important for Bonnier 
Fastigheter to maintain a close dialogue with its current tenants and have a decentralised organisation 
close to customers, as well as local presence, to ensure that the properties are satisfactory to the 
tenants. If Bonnier Fastigheter fails to continue to make relevant investments and improvements to its 
properties, fails to maintain the dialogue with its tenants making it possible to make the necessary and 
relevant improvements, or if the developments are unsuccessful that would adversely affect Bonnier 
Fastigheter’s business and results. 
Property transactions 
A part of Bonnier Fastigheter’s operating activities consists of acquiring and divesting properties and 
property-owning companies. Suitable investment targets for sale at reasonable prices are required in 
order for transactions to be implemented. If there are a limited number of property companies and 
property portfolios for sale or such property companies and /or properties are only available on 
unfavourable terms for Bonnier Fastigheter, there is a risk Bonnier Fastigheter will be unable to 
acquire properties in line with its investment strategy, posing a risk to Bonnier Fastigheter’s future 
business. In addition, there is a risk that competitors with similar investment strategies will have 
access to greater financial resources and have lower costs of capital than Bonnier Fastigheter, hence, 
prohibiting Bonnier Fastigheter from making acquisitions which are in line with its investment 
strategy. If Bonnier Fastigheter fails to make investments as intended, there is a risk that Bonnier 
Fastigheter would have an unnecessary high over-head cost and accordingly lower future earnings. 
Future vacancies, tenants’ inability to pay, environmental conditions and technical defects are other 
examples of transaction related risks. Furthermore, the acquisition of companies incorporates legal and 
tax risks related to the historical conditions of companies. It is therefore vital that the organisation has

--- Page 16 ---
16(58) 
 
appropriate experience of property transactions and that external advisors with relevant skills are 
appointed when deemed necessary. There is a risk that the acquired businesses or properties will 
adversely affect Bonnier Fastigheter’s financial position and result. In several of Bonnier Fastigheter’s 
divestment contracts in respect of divestment of properties and property-owning companies it is 
possible for each buyer to invoke warranty claims. There is a risk that claims will arise in the future 
and that such claims will adversely affect Bonnier Fastigheter’s financial position and result. 
Acquisitions of new properties and property-owning companies are also part of the Group’s strategy to 
diversify its property portfolio by investing in residential properties. Should the Group not be able to 
acquire new properties in accordance with its strategy, it will result in the Group’s exposure to 
commercial properties not being risk balanced exposing, posing a risk to the Group’s financial 
position and earnings should the demand for commercial properties decline. 
Financial and liquidity risks 
Liquidity and financing risks 
A financing risk is defined as the risk of lack of funding or the ability to achieve funding only under 
disadvantageous conditions. Liquidity risk is the risk that Bonnier Fastigheter will not be able to meet 
its payment obligations when they fall due at all or without the related cost increasing significantly. 
The Issuer’s business model is based on real estate assets being funded with equity and external 
borrowings to generate returns on investor capital. Accordingly, access to external capital is a critical 
factor to enable successful real estate operations. Neither the Guarantor nor the Bonnier group’s 
ultimate parents has any obligation to inject additional equity to the Issuer and given that the Issuer 
cannot access the external equity capital markets, the Issuer cannot rely on equity funding, whereby it 
can be essential to obtain external capital solely through external borrowing, such as the Notes. Should 
the Issuer not be able to obtain funds through external borrowing or if such borrowing won’t be made 
on attractive terms, it poses a risk that the Issuer will be unable to fulfil its obligation under the Notes. 
External borrowing accounts for a material part of Bonnier Fastigheter’s supply of funds, which on 31 
December 2023 amounted to SEK 6.4 bn. Although Bonnier Fastigheter has access to long-term 
financing at the moment, it is possible that the Group may in the future breach the financial obligations 
pursuant to its credit agreements, which may cause the lenders in question to terminate the 
agreements. Bonnier Fastigheter is further dependent on its ability to refinance existing financing 
arrangements as they fall due and to obtain additional financing at market terms in connection with for 
example property acquisitions. In addition, major payment obligations may arise in conjunction with 
the refinancing of loans in the event that lenders demand a lower loan-to-value ratio or if the relevant 
property falls in value following the drawing of the relevant loan by Bonnier Fastigheter. In case the 
Group is unable to refinance existing facilities or obtain additional financing at market terms, as a 
result of a deficiency in the capital markets or for any other reason, or only at a materially increased 
cost there is a risk that this would adversely affect Bonnier Fastigheter’s operations and financial 
position. 
Moreover, if major unforeseen payment obligations with respect to operating expenses, such as costs 
for heating, electricity, water and refuse collection, agreed maintenance charges, investments in 
project development and other investments, as well as interest on, and the repayment of, external debt, 
arise for Bonner Fastigheter, there is a risk that the Group’s liquidity will be insufficient to cover the 
performance of such payment obligations. This may in turn have a material adverse impact on Bonnier 
Fastigheter’s cash flow and liquidity. 
Interest rate fluctuation risks 
Bonnier Fastigheter’s operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts. For 
example, as of 31 December 2023, the Group’s financing consisted of 58 per cent equity, 35 per cent

--- Page 17 ---
17(58) 
 
interest-bearing liabilities and 7 per cent of other liabilities. Bonnier Fastigheter’s capital structure 
results in interest expenses being one of the main cost items. As a consequence, Bonnier Fastigheter is 
exposed to the risk of changes in market interest rates and loan margins. On short maturities, market 
interest rates are primarily impacted by the monetary policy of Sweden’s central bank, while for 
longer maturities, interest rates are determined by expectations of future economic progress and 
inflation, nationally and internationally. Changes in market interest rates can have an impact on 
earnings and cash flow. Accordingly, finance with short fixed interest periods implies uncertainty 
regarding future financing costs and ongoing cash flow. If the rates for Bonnier Fastigheter’s external 
liabilities were raised by 1 percentage points, this would increase the Group’s annual financial costs by 
approximately MSEK 20. Increased interest expenses may thus have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s result and financial position. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
A credit risk is mainly defined as the risk of Bonnier Fastigheter’s counterparties not fulfilling their 
obligations to pay agreed rent or purchase price. The Group depends on its tenants to pay the agreed 
rent when due. There is a risk that Bonnier Fastigheter’s counterparties default on their payments or 
otherwise fail to meet their obligations.  
Furthermore, Bonnier Fastigheter is exposed to counterparty risk in that the Group would suffer a loss 
in the event of default by a bank counterparty. The risk arises as a result of occasional cash deposits 
placed with clearing banks and the use of derivative financial instruments with banks. A default occurs 
when a bank or other financial institutions fails to honour payments as they fall due. 
The degree to which failure by contractual counterparties to satisfy obligations owing to the Group 
and other credit risks may affect the Group is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal and compliance risks 
Changes in applicable tax law and other regulations 
Bonnier Fastigheter’s operations are affected by the applicable corporation tax, value added tax and 
property tax rules in force from time to time in Sweden. This is also the case as regards other 
governmental and municipal charges and contributions. Notwithstanding that Bonnier Fastigheter’s 
operations are conducted in accordance with the Group’s interpretation of applicable laws and rules in 
respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation is incorrect or that applicable tax law and rules 
may be amended with possible retroactive effect. In addition, future changes to applicable tax laws 
and rules may affect the conditions for Bonnier Fastigheter’s earnings and/or costs. 
As an example, the government has previously expressed an intention to increase the taxation of the 
real estate sector, e.g. by imposing tax on transfer of “packaged” real estate. A proposed legislation, 
(Paketeringsutredningen, (SOU 2017:27)), was presented by the Swedish government on 30 March 
2017, but has at the date of this Base Prospectus not resulted in new legislation. There is a risk that, if 
new legislation in relation to the taxation of the real estate sector would be implemented, this could 
lead to tax payable upon Bonnier Fastigheter’s future disposal of property owning companies, which 
could have a materially adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and earnings, 
considering the difference between the fair market value and tax residual value of the properties held 
by the Group. 
There is a risk that such changes and other changes in the laws governing corporate, real estate and 
other taxes will affect the conditions for Bonnier Fastigheter’s business and lead to tax payable upon 
the Group’s future disposal of property-owning companies. There is also a risk that such decisions and 
changes will adversely affect Bonnier Fastigheter’s profit and financials.

--- Page 18 ---
18(58) 
 
Environmental and related regulatory risks 
Bonnier Fastigheter is subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety 
legislation and regulations relating to its acquisition, ownership, possession and management of 
properties. Properties affect the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and 
through the activities conducted within them. According to the Swedish Environmental Code 
(miljöbalken (1998:808)), entities and persons who pursue activities that have contributed to 
contamination are responsible for remedying any harm caused. In Bonnier Fastigheter’s case, it would 
normally be its tenants who are pursuing such activities. However, if the person pursuing the activity 
is unable to investigate, carry out or defray the cost of remediation, responsibility for the investigation 
and after-treatment may be imposed on the party that has acquired the property and, at the time of the 
acquisition, was aware or should have been aware of the contamination. Consequently, there is a risk 
that in certain circumstances claims may be brought against Bonnier Fastigheter for investigations, 
remedying and monitoring contamination or for the clean-up of contamination that has taken place, in 
order to maintain or restore properties to a condition that complies with the Swedish Environmental 
Code. In the event such liability is imposed on the Group, it may have a material adverse impact on its 
costs, revenues and result.  
Further, changed legislation or regulatory requirements regarding environmental and energy use, 
climate-related conversion risks and physical risks (e.g. extreme weather events such as torrential rains 
and floods) as well as increasing customer requirements regarding environmental work and 
environmental certifications can entail a risk of increased costs and financial losses. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The claims of Noteholders are structurally subordinated 
As is common for property companies, the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s operations is to some extent 
conducted through subsidiaries and other companies within the Group. Accordingly, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor can be dependent on operations of other companies within the Group to service its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders 
of debt securities and other creditors, including creditors of the subsidiaries, and structurally and/or 
effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all the Issuer’s and the Guarantor and 
its subsidiaries’ and other companies within the Group’s secured creditors. The Notes will be 
guaranteed by the Guarantor but not by any of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s subsidiaries. In the event 
of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of 
any of the subsidiaries or other companies within the Group, unsecured creditors of such companies, 
secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of 
general application will generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable). Hence, there is a risk that a Noteholder loses part of or its 
entire investment in the Notes, should the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any subsidiary or other company 
within the Group, experience difficulties with meeting its financial obligations through an insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business. 
Bonnier Fastigheter may provide collateral for other debt 
Bonnier Fastigheter finances a portion of its operations through bank loans or other debt instruments, 
with security interest over properties normally constituting a preferential claim on the borrower. The 
Terms and Conditions do not contain any negative pledge undertaking other than in relation to Market 
Loans and, consequently, the Issuer and Bonnier Fastigheter may retain, provide or renew security 
over its current or future assets to secure existing or additional bank loans. For example, the majority 
of Bonnier Fastigheter’s properties are pledged as security for certain loans and debt instruments. 
Hence, should the Issuer and/or the Guarantor provide collateral for debt other than the Notes, there is

--- Page 19 ---
19(58) 
 
a risk that there won’t be sufficient funds to repay the Noteholders in the event of the Issuer’s or the 
Guarantor’s liquidation, reorganisation or bankruptcy. 
Risks relating to the Guarantee 
Although the Notes are unsecured, the Noteholders benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor 
for the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (the “Guarantee”). There are no provisions in the 
Guarantee that prevent the Guarantor from taking up loans or to provide security for other loans 
(including other Market Loans). The Noteholders’ right to payment from the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee is subject to, amongst other things, the availability of funds, the terms of the Guarantor’s 
indebtedness and local law. In the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to the 
Guarantor, all other unsecured creditors of the Guarantor would be entitled to receive any proceeds 
from the realisation of the Guarantor’s assets pari passu with the Noteholders’ claim under the 
Guarantee but only once prioritised creditors (including secured creditors (if any)) of the Guarantor 
have been paid in full. 
Since, subject to the Guarantee, neither the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes nor the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee are secured, there is a risk that the proceeds of any 
enforcement sale of assets in connection with any insolvency procedure or winding-up of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor would not be sufficient to satisfy all amounts then due on or in respect of the Notes. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that an investor loses its investment or parts thereof in the event of the 
Issuer’s or Guarantor’s liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy. 
Risks associated with Green MTN 
The Issuer may issue Green MTN under this MTN Programme. What constitutes a Green MTN is 
determined by the criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green Terms in force on the Loan Date for a 
particular Loan. There is currently no clear definition of as to what constitutes a “green” or an 
equivalently labelled project. Hence, there is a risk that Green MTN in accordance with these criteria 
does not fit all investors’ expectations, requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate.  
Furthermore, future developments or legal requirements as to the definitions of “green”, such as the 
entering into force of unified classification systems in relation to sustainability adopted by the 
European Union, may render the Eligible Green Projects, as described in the Green Finance 
Framework, obsolete. This could lead to present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines, whether according to applicable law or regulations or by 
such investor’s own by-laws, governing rules or investment mandates, cannot be satisfied. As an 
example, on 1 January 2023, the Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation EU 2020/852) (the “Taxonomy 
Regulation”), a common classification system aimed at facilitating the classification of sustainable 
investment, entered into force. The Taxonomy Regulation imposes stricter rules when assessing green 
and sustainable financial products and activities. There is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy 
Regulation may affect the design of the Green Terms and the classification of Green MTN. There is a 
risk that the classification of Loans issued as Green MTN under the Green Terms, or projects 
identified as Eligible Green Projects under the Green Finance Framework, will be affected by the 
Taxonomy Regulation and that Loans will no longer be qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset 
in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation.  
Both the Green Finance Framework, the Green Terms and market practice may develop after a certain 
Loan Date which may lead to changed terms for a subsequent Loan or changed requirements from the 
Issuer. Changes in the Green Finance Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Loan will 
not apply to the Noteholders of that Loan. In addition, as the market conditions for green instruments 
are rapidly changing, there is a risk that current or future investor expectations will not be met, which 
could negatively affect trading in Green MTN.

--- Page 20 ---
20(58) 
 
There is also a risk that the Company fails to identify Eligible Green Projects, and that selected 
Eligible Green Projects do not achieve or comply with the requirements in the Green Finance 
Framework. If the Company makes the assessment that an Eligible Green Project no longer complies 
with the requirements in the Green Finance Framework, the Committee is responsible for replacing 
such an asset with a new Eligible Green Project. There may be a time discrepancy in this process, 
which could result in the outstanding volume of Green MTN exceeding the Company’s portfolio of 
Green Projects. If the net proceeds from Green MTN cannot be used to finance or refinance Eligible 
Green Projects that comply with the Green Terms, this risks adversely affect the Company’s 
reputation and may violate investors’ internal rules or investment mandates. 
Bonnier Fastigheter has obtained a second party opinion from Morningstar Sustainalytics confirming 
alignment of the Green Finance Framework with the GBPs, as administered by ICMA and the GLPs, 
as administered by LMA, APLMA and LSTA. Morningstar Sustainalytics is neither responsible for 
how the Green Finance Framework is implemented or followed up by investors, authorities (as 
applicable) or other stakeholders, nor is Morningstar Sustainalytics responsible for the outcome of the 
Eligible Green Projects described in the Green Finance Framework. There is a risk that the suitability 
or reliability of the second opinion is challenged (by the issuer, an investor or any other third party). 
Furthermore, Morningstar Sustainalytics, and other providers of second opinions, is currently not 
subject to any regulatory regime or oversight, and there is a risk that such providers will be deemed 
not reliable or objective in the future. 
Any failure of the Issuer to comply with the Green Terms in relation to a specific Loan or that a 
specific Loan e.g. due to the proposed Taxonomy Regulation, ceases to be classified as a Green MTN 
does not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Loan and there is a risk for 
investors in Green MTN that the Loan will cease to be classified as a Green MTN. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are neither entitled to early payment, repurchase or redemption of a Green MTN, or other 
type of compensation for non-compliance with the Green Terms. Consequently, there is a risk for 
investors in Green MTN that the Loan will cease to be classified as a Green MTN which may lead to 
internal non-compliance for investors that require the Loan to be classified as a Green MTN. 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions 
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. The 
value of such Notes is highly influenced by the market interest rate level. As the market interest rate 
level changes, the value of the Notes with a fixed interest rate typically changes in the opposite 
direction, i.e. if the market interest rate level increases, the market value of such Notes falls and if the 
general interest rate level falls, the market value of such Notes increases. Since the price of Notes is 
adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate level, there is a risk that Noteholders may 
lose all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. 
Notes with a floating interest rate bear interest with a floating rate until the Maturity for such Notes. A 
decrease in the general interest rate level generally means that the return of Notes bearing floating 
interest rate may decrease. Investments in Notes with floating interest can be subject to fast and 
substantial interest rate variations. There is a risk that the Base Rate decreases during the term of the 
Notes, whereby the Interest Rate will decrease or even be zero. Such a decrease of the Interest Rate 
presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment. 
Notes with Zero Coupon bears no interest and may be issued at a discount, par or premium. The price 
is normally determined by the market interest rate level. When there is a positive market interest rate, 
the Notes with Zero Coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market value of such notes may be 
adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate level. If the market interest rate level 
increases in relation to the level at the issue date, the market value of Zero Coupon Notes will 
typically decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in the market interest rate will result in

--- Page 21 ---
21(58) 
 
Noteholders losing all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. Notes issued at a 
discount or premium tend to fluctuate more as a result of a change in the market interest rate than 
Notes issued at par. 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of benchmarks, including STIBOR and 
NIBOR 
In order to ensure the reliability of reference rates, legislative action at EU level has been taken. 
Hence, the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 of the European parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) no 596/2014 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) which regulates the provision of 
reference values, reporting of data bases for reference values and use of reference values within the 
EU. There is a risk that the benchmark regulation may affect how certain reference rates are 
calculated. These reforms may cause STIBOR and NIBOR to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. If this would be the case 
for STIBOR and/or NIBOR, and e.g. the relevant fall-back solution evident from the Terms and 
Conditions should not work properly or negatively for either or both of Bonnier or the Noteholders, 
this may lead to difficulties with determining and calculating interest which in turn risks leading to 
costly and time consuming discussions (and maybe even disputes) in respect of the matter, which in 
each case risks having an adverse effect on Bonnier and/or the Noteholders. In addition, the increased 
administrative requirements and the associated regulatory risks may decrease the will of some parties 
to participate in the determination of interest rate benchmarks, potentially to the effect that certain 
reference interest rates will cease to be published entirely.

--- Page 22 ---
22(58) 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans which AB Bonnier 
Fastigheter Finans (publ) (Swedish Reg. No. 556068-1701) (the “Company”) issues on the capital market under 
this MTN Programme (“MTN Programme”) by issuing bonds in SEK or NOK with varying terms, however not 
less than one year, commonly referred to as medium term notes (“MTN”). 
1. DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, as used in these Terms and Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) or (kontofører) 
pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has 
opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect of a 
particular Loan less the amount of all MTN held by a Group Company, whether or not the Group 
Company is directly registered as owner of such MTN. 
”Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or NIBOR as 
described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or NIBOR in accordance with 
Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Loans denominated in SEK, a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other 
public holiday or, with respect to the payment of promissory notes, a day which is not the 
equivalent of a public holiday in Sweden (Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve and 
New Year’s Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays); and 
(b) 
in respect of Loans denominated in NOK, a day which is not a Sunday or other public 
holiday in Norway or which is not treated as a public holiday for the purpose of payment of 
promissory notes and on which VPS is open for business in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
“Calculation Agent” means: 
(a) 
if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by 
the Company to be responsible for certain administrative tasks regarding the Loan in 
accordance with the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if a Loan has been issued by only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer. 
“CSD” means the central securities depository in which MTN are registered, being Euroclear 
Sweden for MTN denominated in SEK, and VPS for MTN denominated in NOK. 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain period, the basis of 
calculation stated in the Final Terms and which: 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount is to be 
calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each consisting of 30

--- Page 23 ---
23(58) 
 
days each and, in the event of a partial month, the actual number of days which have elapsed 
in the month; and 
(b) 
if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount is to 
be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
(publ) and every other dealer specially authorised by a CSD to process and register issues in the 
relevant CSD’s system that accedes to this MTN Programme in accordance with Section 14.3, 
however only as long as such institution has not retired as a dealer. 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074). 
“Final Terms” means the final terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme 
in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms), with the additions and changes that may be 
made from time to time. 
“Framework Amount” is the framework amount which the Company and the Dealers agree on 
from time to time, initially being SEK 5,000,000,000. 
“Green Finance Framework” means the Company’s green finance framework as at the time of 
issuance of the relevant Loan and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Green MTN” means any MTN issued under the MTN Programme in relation to which the 
paragraph “Green MTN” in the relevant Final Terms is applicable. 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group Company”). 
“Guarantee” means the Guarantor’s undertaking, according to Appendix 2 (Guarantee) to these 
Terms and Conditions, as for its own debt (proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s obligations 
under the Loans taken up by the Company under the MTN Programme. 
“Guarantor” means Bonnier Fastigheter AB, a Swedish private limited liability company with 
Swedish Reg. No. 556058-2354. 
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 
of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant 
jurisdiction). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from which interest 
(where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers through which 
MTN will be or have been issued. 
“Loan” means every Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, issued by the Company under this 
MTN Programme. 
“Loan Terms” means, for a particular Loan, these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for 
such Loan. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Market Loan” means loans taken up through the issuance of commercial paper, bonds or other 
securities (including loans under MTN or other market loan programmes) which are sold, brokered,

--- Page 24 ---
24(58) 
 
or invested in an organised form and which are, or may be, admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market.  
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when MTN shall be repaid. 
“MTN” means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount which has been registered in 
accordance with: 
(a) 
in relation to MTN denominated in SEK, the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument); and 
(b) 
in relation to MTN denominated in NOK, the Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act, 
and which is part of a Loan issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“NIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Norske Finansielle Referenser 
AS and calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems Ltd (or the replacing 
administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant day and published on the information 
system Refinitiv’s page ”OIBOR=” (or through such other system or on such other page as 
replaces the said system or page) for NOK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to 
the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for deposits of 
NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in NOK offered in the Oslo interbank market for the relevant Interest 
Period.  
“NOK” means the lawful currency of Norway. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount of each MTN as stated in the Final Terms. 
“Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Norwegian Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (lov (2019:6) om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.). 
“Norwegian Record Date” means the second (2) Business Day prior to: 
(a) 
an Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to Noteholders; 
(c) 
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(d) 
another relevant date,

--- Page 25 ---
25(58) 
 
or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the 
Norwegian debt capital market. 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner 
(direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to an MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with 
Section 13 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Paying Agent” shall have the meaning given in clause 5.3 below. 
“Record Date” means a Norwegian Record Date in respect of Notes denominated in NOK or, in the 
event of Loans denominated in SEK, the fifth Business Day (or another Business Day prior to the 
relevant day which is market practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to: 
(a) 
the payment date for interest or principal in accordance with the Loan Terms; or  
(b) 
another day on which payment is to be made to Noteholders; 
(c) 
the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting;  
(d) 
dispatch of notice; or 
(e) 
another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means: 
(a) 
the Dealers (or, if applicable, any relevant branch of any of the Dealers) appointed under this 
MTN Programme; or 
(b) 
if none, or only one, of the Dealers provide a quotation for STIBOR or NIBOR, such 
replacing banks who at the relevant time provide a quotation for STIBOR or NIBOR and as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments. 
“Securities Account” means a securities account maintained, if the MTN are denominated in SEK, 
by Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or, if the 
MTN are denominated in NOK, by VPS pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act and the VPS Rules, in which: 
(a) 
an owner of securities is directly registered as the owner of securities; or 
(b) 
an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
“SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or

--- Page 26 ---
26(58) 
 
through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for 
SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied 
to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for deposits of SEK 
100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant 
Interest Period.  
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or 
indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
“VPS” means the central securities depository in which MTN denominated in NOK are registered, 
being Verdipapirsentralen ASA, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway 
with Reg. No. 985 140 421. 
“VPS Rules” means the VPS Rules for Registration of Financial Instruments. 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Structure, Base Rate, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Interest Period are set forth (where applicable) in the Final Terms. 
1.3 
The definitions set forth in these Terms and Conditions also apply to the Final Terms. 
1.4 
Upon calculation of whether a limit described in SEK has been reached or exceeded, an amount in 
another currency shall be calculated based on the exchange rate applicable on the Business Day 
immediately preceding the relevant point in time and which is published on Refinitiv’s screen 
”SEKFIX=” (or through another system or another screen which replaces such system or screen) or, 
where such rate is not published, according to the rate for SEK for the relevant currency on the 
aforementioned day which is published by the Swedish Central Bank on its website 
(www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN, denominated in SEK or in NOK, with 
a maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in multiple tranches without the 
approval of any Noteholder. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Noteholder approves that its MTN shall have the rights and be 
subject to the conditions set forth in, and be governed by, the provisions of the Loan Terms. By 
acquiring MTN, each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN and to otherwise comply with 
the Loan Terms for the Loans issued under this MTN Programme. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company shall enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing Dealer for 
such Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together with these Terms 
and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms for the Loan.

--- Page 27 ---
27(58) 
 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders and, accordingly, no 
physical securities will be issued. Registration requests relating to MTN shall be directed to an 
Account Operator. 
3.2 
Any person who on the basis of an assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Children and Parents 
Code (föräldrabalken), the terms of a will or deed of gift or otherwise is entitled to receive payment 
in respect of an MTN must cause their rights to be registered with the CSD in order to receive such 
payment. 
3.3 
The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the CSD 
regarding the contents of its debt register for MTN for the purpose of carrying out its duties in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent shall not 
be responsible for the content of such excerpt nor are they in any other way obligated to verify who 
is a Noteholder. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the Loan 
Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney or other proof of 
authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proof of 
authorisation starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation 
to some, or all, of the MTN held by the Noteholder. Any such representative may act independently. 
4.3 
The Calculation Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other 
authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to clause 4.1 and may assume that such document 
has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and 
effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Calculation Agent has actual knowledge to 
the contrary. 
4.4 
These Terms and Conditions shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is the 
nominee (förvaltare) with respect to an MTN and the owner of such MTN, and it is the 
responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any restrictions that may apply to it in 
this capacity. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount including interest (if applicable) on the 
Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date is a day which is not a Business Day, the Loan is not 
repaid until the following Business Day. Interest according to Section 6 (Interest) shall be paid on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company’s obligations under the MTN and each Loan are 
guaranteed by the Guarantor, in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee. 
5.2 
Payment in respect of MTN denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and, in respect of MTN 
denominated in NOK, shall be made in NOK and made to the person who is registered as a 
Noteholder on the Record Date for the respective payment date or to such person who is registered 
with the relevant CSD on the relevant Record Date as being entitled to receive such payment. 
5.3 
The Company shall if any Loans denominated in NOK are to be issued, appoint a paying agent 
(“Paying Agent”) to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of principal amount for Loans 
issued in NOK. The Company undertakes to, for as long as any Loans registered with VPS are 
outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of principal amounts for such Loans

--- Page 28 ---
28(58) 
 
may be made by the Paying Agent in accordance with the conditions, the rules and regulations of 
VPS and the relevant agreements between the Company and the Paying Agent. 
5.4 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest shall be 
deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by the CSD or the Paying Agent 
on the relevant payment date. In all other cases, the CSD or the Paying Agent shall transfer the 
amount on the respective payment date to the Noteholder to the address registered with the CSD on 
the Record Date. 
5.5 
Should the CSD or the Paying Agent not be able to effect payments as aforesaid due to an 
impediment attributable to the Company or due to any other impediment, the Company shall ensure 
that such payments are made to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant 
Record Date as soon as possible after such impediment no longer exists. In such case, interest shall 
be payable according to Section 7.1. 
5.6 
In the event the Company is unable to perform a payment obligation through the CSD due to an 
impediment attributable to the CSD or the Paying Agent, the Company shall be entitled to postpone 
the payment obligation until such time as the impediment no longer exists. In such case, interest 
shall be payable according to Section 7.2. 
5.7 
If payment is made in accordance with this Section 5 to a person not entitled to receive such amount, 
the Company and the CSD and the Paying Agent shall nonetheless be deemed to have fulfilled their 
payment obligations. However, the aforementioned shall not apply if the Company or the CSD or 
the Paying Agent were aware that payment was made to a person not entitled to receive the payment 
or if the Company or the CSD or the Paying Agent did not act with normal care. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
For Loans on which interest accrues, interest shall be calculated on the Nominal Amount. 
6.2 
Interest on a certain Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance with the Final 
Terms. The relevant Interest Structure shall be stated in the Final Terms according to one of the 
following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with a Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest according to the 
Interest Rate: 
(i) 
In respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest 
Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of Loans issued in SEK, from, but excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and

--- Page 29 ---
29(58) 
 
the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of Section 12 
(Replacement of Base Rate); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the respective Interest Determination Date and shall be notified to the Paying 
Agent and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, 
adjusted for the application of Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate).  
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to such 
impediment as referred to in Section 17.1, interest shall continue to accrue on the Loan at the 
interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As soon as the impediment no longer 
exists, the Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable, shall calculate a new 
Interest Rate which shall be effective from the second Business Day following the day of the 
calculation until the expiration of the current Interest Period.   
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 or by using such other 
method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may 
be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Accrued interest (where applicable) is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Rate is not a Business Day, interest will be 
paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only up to and including the 
Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in SEK and up to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
for Loans issued in NOK. 
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan with a Floating Rate is not a Business Day, the next 
Business Day shall be the Interest Payment Date provided that such Business Day does not occur in 
a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the previous Business Day. 
Interest is calculated and payable up to and including the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in 
SEK and up to, but excluding the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in NOK. 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue amount from 
its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a rate corresponding to the 
average of one week STIBOR for MTN denominated in SEK and one week NIBOR for MTN 
denominated in NOK for the duration of the delay, plus two percentage points in each case. For this 
purpose, STIBOR and NIBOR shall be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar week 
for the duration of the period of default. Default interest in accordance with this Section 7.1 for 
interest-bearing Loans shall never be paid at an interest rate lower than the interest rate applicable to 
the relevant Loan on its relevant due date plus two percentage points. Default interest shall not be 
capitalised. 
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer or the CSD, default interest 
shall accrue at a rate corresponding to: 
(a) 
for interest-bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due 
date; or

--- Page 30 ---
30(58) 
 
(b) 
for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR or NIBOR respectively for the 
duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR and NIBOR shall be determined on the first 
Business Day of each calendar week for the duration of the period of default). 
8. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE 
8.1 
Each Loan shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount or 
such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with accrued but unpaid interest. If 
the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day. 
8.2 
The Company may repurchase MTN at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise 
provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company may, 
in the discretion of the Company, be retained, resold or cancelled. 
9. 
REPURCHASE UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL 
9.1 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the 
Noteholder, if: 
(a) 
for as long as no shares of the Guarantor are listed on any Regulated Market, Albert Bonnier 
AB (a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Swedish 
Reg. No. 556520-0341), directly or indirectly, ceases to own shares in the Guarantor 
representing more than 50 per cent. of the votes in the Guarantor; 
(b) 
if the shares in the Guarantor have been listed on any exchange, one or more persons (other 
than the Albert Bonnier AB) acting together, acquire control over the Guarantor and where 
“control” means: 
(i) 
acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the votes in 
the Guarantor; or 
(ii) 
the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the 
directors of the board of directors of the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
the Guarantor ceases to own 100 per cent. of the shares in the Company representing 100 per 
cent. of the votes in the Company. 
9.2 
As soon as the Company obtains knowledge of such an event according to Section 9.1, the 
Company shall be obligated to notify the Noteholders of such event through a press release 
published on the Company’s website and in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notice shall 
contain instructions regarding how a Noteholder wishing to have an MTN repurchased must proceed 
as well as specifying the repurchase date.  
9.3 
The repurchase date shall occur no earlier than twenty (20) and no later than forty (40) Business 
Days after notice of change mentioned in Section 9.2. However, in the event the repurchase date is 
not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall be deemed to be the Business Day immediately 
following. 
9.4 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase 
the relevant MTN on the repurchase date at its Nominal Amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) which would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date, together with accrued interest 
(where applicable). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with 
Section 11.5 shall be paid instead. 
9.5 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be drafted in 
accordance with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 31 ---
31(58) 
 
with Section 9.2. The Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) 
Business Days before repurchase date. 
10. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as any MTN is outstanding the Company and the Guarantor, where applicable, undertake as 
follows. 
10.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loan rank at least pari passu with 
its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
10.2 
The Company’s operations and assets 
The Company and the Guarantor undertake not to materially change the nature of the Group’s 
operations or to sell or otherwise dispose of any asset where such sale or disposition has a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their respective obligations 
towards the Noteholders. 
10.3 
Securing of other Market Loans 
The Company and the Guarantor undertake to ensure, as long as any MTN is outstanding, that no 
Group Company maintains, prolongs or provides any guarantee or security over any of the Group’s 
present or future assets to secure any Market Loan, other than any guarantee provided by the 
Guarantor which shall always be permitted. 
10.4 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, 
however, not longer than as permitted under applicable laws and regulations. 
10.5 
Governing law 
The Company undertakes to comply in all material respects with any rules and instructions issued 
from time to time by Swedish or relevant foreign governmental authorities, central banks, or other 
public authorities or Regulated Markets to which the MTN have been admitted to trading. 
10.6 
Green Finance Framework 
The Company shall by no later than the first trade date of a Green MTN under these Terms and 
Conditions maintain a Green Finance Framework, which shall thereafter and for as long as any 
Green MTN remain outstanding, be published on the Company’s website. The Company may elect 
to issue MTN where the proceeds from such issuance shall, if so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, be applied in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. 
10.7 
Availability of Loan Terms 
The Company undertakes to make the current version of these Terms and Conditions, the 
Guarantee, and the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans admitted to trading on a Regulated Market

--- Page 32 ---
32(58) 
 
available on the Company’s website and to ensure that the Guarantee is valid for all outstanding 
Loans. 
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
11.1 
The Calculation Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if 
any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Calculation Agent or the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in 
Section 11.2 and if: 
(a) 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(b) 
so demanded in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of demand, represent not less than 
10 per cent. of the total outstanding Adjusted Loan Amount for the relevant Loan. Upon 
demand, a Noteholder shall provide evidence that the Noteholder is a Noteholder on the 
relevant Business Day. 
Demand for acceleration may only be made by a Noteholder who alone represents 10 per cent. of 
the total outstanding Nominal Amount or jointly by Noteholders who, together, represent 10 per 
cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount on the relevant Business Day.  
11.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with Section 11.1 provided that: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
The Company or the Guarantor fails to make timely payment of principal or interest 
regarding the relevant Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay: 
(i) 
is a result of a technical or administrative error; and  
(ii) 
does not continue for more than three (3) Business Days. 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Company or the Guarantor does not comply with any terms of or acts in violation of the 
Loan Terms regarding relevant Loans under this MTN Programme (other than those terms 
referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of a written demand by 
the Calculation Agent, Issuing Dealer or Noteholders representing not less than 10 per 
cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount of the relevant Loan and the Company 
becoming aware of the non-compliance. 
Notwithstanding the above, any failure to comply with (A) the undertaking set out in 
Section 10.6 (Green Finance Framework), (B) the terms of the Green Finance Framework 
itself, in respect of the paragraph “Green MTN” in any Final Terms and/or (C) if the 
paragraph “Green MTN” in any Final Terms is applicable, the section “The use of the 
proceeds” in the Final Terms, shall under no circumstances constitute a breach of the Terms 
and Conditions or any Loan Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
33(58) 
 
(c) 
Cross payment default and acceleration 
Any financial indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any 
originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable 
prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided 
that Loans may only be declared due and payable under this paragraph (c) if the aggregate 
amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is at least SEK 25,000,000 or its 
equivalent. 
(d) 
Insolvency 
Any of the Company or the Guarantor is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable 
regulation to be, Insolvent. 
(e) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or 
frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days is 
taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, company reorganisation (företagsrekonstruktion) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Company or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of the 
Company or the Guarantor generally; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of the 
Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective assets; or 
(iv) 
any step analogous to paragraphs (i)-(iii) above is taken in any jurisdiction in relation 
to the Company or the Guarantor. 
(f) 
Creditors’ process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Company or the Guarantor having a value of not less 
than SEK 100,000,000 or its equivalent and which is not discharged within thirty (30) 
Business Days. 
(g) 
Merger 
A circumstance occurs which entails that the Company or the Guarantor is replaced as the 
debtor under a relevant Loan by another party (or a decision to do so has been adopted, for 
example by the Company’s board of directors preparing a merger plan under which the 
Company will be the transferring company) and such decision has not been approved by the 
Noteholders in accordance with Section 13.9. 
(h) 
Invalidity of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee is not valid for any outstanding Loan. 
11.3 
The Calculation Agent may not declare the relevant Loan together with interest (if any) due for 
payment in accordance with this Section 11 by reference to circumstances constituting an event of 
default if a Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved that the relevant circumstances shall not give rise 
(temporarily or permanently) to an acceleration pursuant to Section 11. 
11.4 
The Company shall be obligated to immediately notify the Issuing Dealers and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices) in the event grounds for acceleration exist as stated in 
Section 11.2. In the absence of such notice, neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuing Dealer,

--- Page 34 ---
34(58) 
 
irrespective of actual knowledge, shall be deemed to be aware of grounds for acceleration. Neither 
the Calculation Agent nor the Issuing Dealer is obligated itself to monitor whether the conditions for 
acceleration exist according to Section 11.2. 
11.5 
Upon redemption of Loans following acceleration in accordance with Section 11.1: 
(a) 
interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN which, together with 
accrued interest, would have been redeemed on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by the 
following formula as per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Calculation Agent for Swedish government bonds 
with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the remaining term of the 
relevant Loan. In the absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall be used instead, 
as reduced by a market bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The 
calculation shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count 
Convention Actual/360 for MTN denominated in SEK or NOK. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
12.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 12.2 below has occurred, the Company shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine a 
Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon 
necessary administrative, technical and operative amendments to the Loan Terms in order to apply, 
calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to participate in 
such consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not participate in such 
consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, as soon as possible 
appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, 
determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective 
with effect from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always 
subject to any technical limitations of the relevant CSD and any calculations methods applicable to 
such Successor Base Rate. 
12.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base Rate Event”) 
which means:  
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate;

--- Page 35 ---
35(58) 
 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Company or the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise 
become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of NIBOR, from the equivalent entity with 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the 
information referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
12.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), if it is 
possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, in consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent 
Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in Clause 12.1 above to finally decide the Successor 
Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change to the Successor Base 
Rate at an earlier time. 
12.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition has 
occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment 
Spread have been finally decided but due to technical limitations of the relevant CSD, cannot be 
applied in relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments described 
in this Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, but without success.  
12.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming 
effective, the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the Company in consultation 
with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
any other amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the  Calculation Agent and the 
relevant CSD in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange.  
12.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Calculation Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this Section 12 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by any

--- Page 36 ---
36(58) 
 
determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final decision 
of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms, 
unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the Independent 
Adviser and the Calculation Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
12.7 
In this Section 12 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of 
the Base Rate; or 
(ii) 
if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to eliminate, to 
the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another as a result of a 
replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt capital market 
transactions. 
“Arranger” means Nordea Bank Abp. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation 
to STIBOR and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) in relation to NIBOR or any person 
replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out in 
paragraph 12.2 (b) to 12.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them, 
or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Finansiella stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means:  
(i) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure and 
calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as MTN, 
which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Company in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable to 
the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
13. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
13.1 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan, and must convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan at the request of an Issuing Dealer, the Company, or Noteholders who at the time of the 
request represent at least one-tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (such 
request may only be made by Noteholders who are registered in the debt register maintained by the 
CSD on the next Business Day after the day the request was received by the Calculation Agent and

--- Page 37 ---
37(58) 
 
must be made together if a request is made by several Noteholders who alone represent less than ten 
(10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount). 
13.2 
The Calculation Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by written notice to each Noteholder, 
the Company, and the Issuing Dealer within five (5) Business Days from the date when a request 
was received from the Company, Noteholders, or the Issuing Dealer in accordance with Section 13.1 
(or such later date as necessary for technical or administrative reasons). 
13.3 
The Calculation Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if: 
(a) 
the proposed resolution must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders, and this 
person has notified the Calculation Agent that such approval will not be given; or 
(b) 
the proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
13.4 
The notice in accordance with Section 13.2, shall contain: 
(a) 
the time of the meeting; 
(b) 
the place of the meeting; 
(c) 
an agenda (including each request by a Noteholder for a resolution); and 
(d) 
a proxy form. 
A decision may not be made at the Noteholders’ Meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in 
the notice. If Noteholders are required to announce their intention to participate in the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, the notice shall contain information regarding such requirement. 
13.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than 
thirty (30) Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the MTN 
Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
13.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and Conditions, the Calculation Agent may 
stipulate further provisions, as it deems appropriate, regarding the convening and holding of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Such provisions may, among other things, include provisions enabling 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person, or to allow the voting to take place 
electronically or through written voting procedures. 
13.7 
Only a person who has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with Section 4 (Right to act 
on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ 
Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN 
is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Calculation Agent may attend the Noteholders’ 
Meeting and shall ensure that an extract from the debt register maintained by the CSD on the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.8 
The Noteholders and the Calculation Agent, and their respective representatives or assistants, are 
entitled to attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting may resolve that other persons 
may attend. Representatives shall submit a duly issued power of attorney to be approved by the 
chairperson of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting shall commence with the 
appointment of a chairperson, a secretary to take the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes. The 
chairperson shall prepare a list of Noteholders that are present and entitled to vote at the meeting, 
with information on the proportion of the Adjusted Loan Amount that is held by each respective 
Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall thereafter be approved by the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions, Noteholders who have cast their vote via 
electronic voting, ballot paper or the equivalent shall be deemed to be present at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders or representatives for such Noteholders on the relevant

--- Page 38 ---
38(58) 
 
Record Date, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be 
included in the Voting Register. The Company shall be granted access to relevant voting 
calculations and the basis for these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and made 
available to Noteholders, the Company, and the Calculation Agent. 
13.9 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least 
90 per cent of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting under the 
relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
any change in the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, change in terms relating 
to interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms 
including what follows from the application of section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate)) and 
changing of the relevant currency for the Loan; 
(b) 
any change in the provisions governing the Noteholders’ Meeting according to this 
Section 13; 
(c) 
mandatory exchange of MTN into another security; and 
(d) 
substitution of debtor. 
13.10 
Matters which are not covered by Section 13.9 require the approval of Noteholders representing 
more than 50 per cent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, 
amendments and waivers of rights in relation to the Loan Terms which do not require a greater 
majority (other than changes in accordance with Section 14 (Amendments of terms etc.) and 
acceleration of Loans. 
13.11 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person or via 
telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at least 50 per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount for matters listed in Section 13.9 and for any other matter 20 per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount 
13.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the Calculation Agent 
shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Section 13.2) provided that the 
relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the initiator of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum 
requirement in Section 13.11 is not applicable to such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the 
Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for some, but not all, matters which are to be 
resolved on in the Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for which a 
quorum is present, and any other matter shall be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.13 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the rights of, the 
Company or an Issuing Dealer under the Terms and Conditions requires the written approval of the 
relevant party. 
13.14 
A Noteholder which holds more than one MTN need not vote for all, or vote in the same way for all, 
MTN held. 
13.15 
The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compensation 
to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such compensation is offered to all 
Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.16 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders shall not be held 
liable for any damage that the decision may cause another Noteholder.

--- Page 39 ---
39(58) 
 
13.17 
The Company shall reimburse the Calculation Agent for costs and disbursements incurred by it in 
connection with the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable compensation for the Calculation 
Agent. 
13.18 
At the request of the Calculation Agent, the Company shall provide the Calculation Agent with a 
certificate, without delay, stating the Nominal Amount for MTN owned by Group Companies on the 
relevant Record Date before a Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless of whether such Group Company is 
directly registered as an owner of MTN. The Calculation Agent shall not be held responsible for the 
content of such certificate or otherwise for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group 
Company. 
13.19 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all decisions made 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the Company’s website and in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices). At the request of a Noteholder or the Issuing Dealer, the 
Calculation Agent shall provide the Noteholder with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity 
of the decision. 
13.20 
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Calculation Agent may prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders’ Meeting as the 
Calculation Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person and that voting can take place by 
electronic or written procedure.  
14. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS, ETC. 
14.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these Terms 
and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Company and the Calculation Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in 
the Final Terms for certain Loans. 
14.3 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms in accordance with what is 
described in section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be binding on those 
covered by the Loan Terms. 
14.4 
Appointment of a Dealer to the MTN Programme may be made through an agreement between the 
Company, the relevant Dealer, and other Dealers. A Dealer may retire as a Dealer. However, a 
Calculation Agent under a particular Loan may only retire as such if a new Calculation Agent is 
simultaneously appointed in its place. 
14.5 
Changes to, or waivers of, Loan Terms in cases other than those set forth in Sections 14.1 to 14.3 
(inclusive) must be made through a decision taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting according to 
Section 13 (Noteholders’ Meeting).  
14.6 
An approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment of the terms may cover the substantive 
content of the change and need not contain a specific drafting of the change. 
14.7 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect of when the 
amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into force before it has been 
registered with the CSD (where applicable) and published on the Company’s website. 
14.8 
Notice of amendments or waivers of Loan Terms in accordance with this Section 14 must be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Section 16 (Notices) and published on the Company’s 
website.

--- Page 40 ---
40(58) 
 
15. 
TIME-BAR 
15.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be time-barred an become void ten (10) years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years after 
each relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in 
respect of which the Noteholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become 
void. 
15.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to 
receive repayment of the principal, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest 
will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as 
such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notices shall be given to the Noteholders of the relevant Loan at the address registered with the 
CSD on the Record Date prior to dispatch and, in respect of Loans denominated in NOK, by the 
VPS to the Noteholders in accordance with the Norwegian Financial Instruments Account Act and 
the VPS Rules. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be published through a press release and 
published on the Company’s website. 
16.2 
Notice shall be given to the Company and each Dealer at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) at the time notice is given. 
16.3 
A notice to the Company or the Noteholders according to the Loan Terms which is sent by normal 
mail to the stated address shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient on the third 
Business Day after dispatch and notice sent by courier shall be deemed to have been received by the 
recipient when handed over at the stated address. 
16.4 
The failure to send notice to a particular Noteholder in the correct manner shall not have any impact 
on the legal effect of notice to other Noteholders.  
17. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. 
17.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or foreign legislation, 
actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, 
or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and 
lockouts applies notwithstanding that the Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such 
measures. 
17.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided the Dealer 
acted with normal care. 
17.3 
Neither the Company nor the Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay compensation for 
indirect loss. 
17.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a circumstance set 
forth in Section 17.1, the measure may be postponed until such time as the impediment no longer 
exists. 
17.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounting Act.

--- Page 41 ---
41(58) 
 
18. 
GUARANTEE 
In accordance with Appendix 2 (Guarantee), the Guarantor has provided a guarantee as for its own 
debt (proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s obligations under the Loans issued under the MTN 
Programme. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Swedish law shall apply to the Loan Terms and any non-contractual issues which arise in 
conjunction with the Loan Terms, save for the registration of Loans issued in NOK in VPS which 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
19.2 
Any dispute shall be resolved by a Swedish court of law. The District Court of Stockholm 
(Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above terms and conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm, 25 March 2022 
AB BONNIER FASTIGHETER FINANS (PUBL)

--- Page 42 ---
42(58) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following form is used for the Final Terms for each Loan issued under the MTN Programme. 
Final Terms 
for Loan number [●] 
under AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ)’s (“Company”) Swedish MTN Programme 
The Terms and Conditions dated 25 March 2022 and the Final Terms set forth below shall apply to the Loan. 
Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth in the Terms and Conditions or 
otherwise in the Company’s Base Prospectus, approved and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority on 4 June 2024, including any published supplemental prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme 
from time to time in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, referred to as the “Prospectus Regulation” (“Base 
Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be 
obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
The Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the Company’s website 
(https://www.bonnierfastigheter.se/). 
GENERAL 
1.  Loan number: 
[●] 
 
(i)  Tranche name:  
[●] 
2.  Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 (i) 
For [the Loan:] 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] 
 (ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] 
 (iii) 
[Tranche 2:] 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] 
3.  Price per MTN: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [date] (if applicable)] 
4.  Currency: 
[SEK]/[NOK] 
5.  Nominal amount: 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] (the stated amount may not be less 
than EUR 100,000 or an equivalent amount in SEK or 
NOK) 
6.  Loan Date: 
[●]  
7.  Interest Commencement Date: 
[Loan Date]/[●] 
8.  Settlement Date: 
[Loan Date]/[●]

--- Page 43 ---
43(58) 
 
 
(i) 
[Tranche 1:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche 2:]  
[●] 
9.  Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10.  Interest Structure: 
[Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate (FRN)]/[Zero Coupon] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
11.  Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
(i) 
 Interest Rate: 
[●] % per year 
(ii) 
 Interest Period: 
Period from [●] up to and including [●] (the first 
Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
approximately [●] months with the final day on an 
Interest Payment Date 
(Correct the above in the event of a short or long first 
coupon) 
 
(iii) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually [●]] [Semi-annually [●] and [●] ] 
[Quarterly [●], [●], [●] and [●]], the first time on [●] 
and the last time on [●], however if such a day is not a 
Business Day, interest will not be paid until the 
following Business Day. Interest is calculated and 
payable, however, only up to and including the 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
(iv) 
 Day Count Convention: 
30/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
 Risk factors:  
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the heading 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions in the Base 
Prospectus. 
12.  Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
 (i) 
 Base Rate: 
[●] months [STIBOR]/[NIBOR] 
[The Interest Base for the first coupon will be [[●]/a 
linear interpolation between [●] months [STIBOR]/ 
[NIBOR] and [●] months [STIBOR]/ [NIBOR]]

--- Page 44 ---
44(58) 
 
 (ii) 
 Margin: 
[+/-] [●] % per year 
 (iii) 
 Interest Determination Date: 
[Second] Business Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period, the first time on [●] 
 (iv) 
 Interest Period: 
The period from [●] up to and including [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each period of about 
[●] months with the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date 
 (v) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first time on [●] 
and the last time on [●]. However, if such a day is not 
a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall 
instead be the next Business Day provided that such 
Business Day does not fall in the new calendar month, 
in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
preceding Business Day. Interest is calculated and 
payable up to and including each relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
 (vi) 
 Day Count Convention: 
Actual/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
13.  Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
(i) 
 Terms for Loans without interest: [Specify details] 
(ii) 
 Risk Factors: 
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the heading 
“Risks relating to interest rate constructions in the 
Base Prospectus” 
OTHER 
14.  Green MTN: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if applicable, specify below) 
(i) 
 Terms: 
Green Finance Framework dated [●] are applicable to 
this Loan. 
(ii) 
 Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
[“include heading of relevant risk factor(s)”] in the 
Base Prospectus. 
REPAYMENT 
15.  Amount with which MTN is to be repaid 
at the Maturity date: 
[●]% of [Nominal Amount/[●]]

--- Page 45 ---
45(58) 
 
MISCELLANEOUS 
16.  CSD 
[Euroclear Sweden] / [VPS] 
17.  Issuing Dealer[s]: 
[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB 
Bank 
ASA, 
filial 
Sverige]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)]/[ 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)]/[specify] 
18.  Calculation agent: 
[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB 
Bank 
ASA, 
filial 
Sverige]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska 
Enskilda 
Banken 
AB 
(publ)]/[Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)]/[specify] 
19.  Paying Agent 
[Not applicable]/ [●] 
20.  Admission to trading: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining subheadings under this section) 
 
(i) 
 Relevant market: 
An application for registration will be submitted to 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[Other regulated market] 
 
(ii) 
 Estimate of all costs in 
conjunction with admission to 
trading: 
SEK [●] 
 
(iii) 
 Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
 Earliest date for admission to 
trading: 
[Loan date]/[●]  
[Tranche 1:] 
[Tranche 2:] 
21.  ISIN: 
SE[●] / NO[●] 
22.  Credit rating for the Loan: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
23.  Resolution as basis for the Issue: 
[In accordance with the Base Prospectus]/[specify] 
24.  Interests of natural or legal persons 
involved in the Issue: 
[Other than the compensation paid to the Issuing 
Dealers based on their participation in the MTN 
Programme and this Issue, the Company is not aware 
of any persons involved with any interest of 
significance to the Issue]/[description of the interests

--- Page 46 ---
46(58) 
 
of significance to the Issue for any natural or legal 
persons involved in the issue, including conflicts of 
interest] 
25.  Information from third parties: 
[Information contained in these Final Terms that 
comes from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, to the extent the Company is aware 
and is able to ascertain from a comparison with other 
information that has been published by the relevant 
third party, no facts have been omitted in a way that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading]/[Not Applicable] 
26.  The use of the proceeds: 
[General financing of the Company’s and the Group’s 
business activities]/[In accordance with the Green 
Finance Framework]/[specify] 
27.  The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[NOK]/[SEK] [●] less customary transaction costs 
and fees. 
 
The Company confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this MTN Programme regarding 
the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Company. 
The Company further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the Terms 
and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and, where applicable, interest. 
 
 
Stockholm, [date for signing of Final Terms] 
AB BONNIER FASTIGHETER FINANS (PUBL)

--- Page 47 ---
47(58) 
 
GUARANTEE 
Between AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) (Swedish Reg. No. 556068-1701) (the “Company”) and Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) (together the “Dealers”), an agreement was signed on 
25 March 2022 (emissionsavtal) (the “Agreement”) regarding the establishment of a Swedish Medium Term 
Note Programme (“MTN Programme”) under which the Company intends to raise loans on the capital market 
by issuing notes in SEK or NOK. With reference to the MTN Programme, Bonnier Fastigheter AB (Swedish 
Reg. No. 556058-2354) (the “Guarantor”) hereby guarantees as principal obligor as for its own debt 
(proprieborgen) all of the Company’s obligations, as agreed in this guarantee (the “Guarantee”). In addition to 
the definitions set forth in this Guarantee, the terms defined in the Agreement and in the Terms and Conditions 
(appended to the Agreement) shall have the same meaning when used in this Guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms shall apply to each MTN. 
1. 
The Guarantor has reviewed and approved the conditions set forth in the Agreement and the Terms and 
Conditions (as amended from time to time). 
2. 
All of the Company’s obligations according to the Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and all Loans 
issued under the MTN Programme are guaranteed by the Guarantor as principal obligor as for its own debt 
(proprieborgen). The Guarantee continues in force until all obligations under the Agreement, the Terms and 
Conditions and all Loans issued under the MTN Programme have been fulfilled. The obligations under this 
Guarantee shall be in force even if the Framework Amount has been exceeded. 
3. 
The Guarantor further guarantees that as long as there are outstanding MTN the Guarantor shall not sell or 
otherwise dispose of any material fixed assets if such disposal threatens the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its 
payment obligations under this Guarantee. 
4. 
The Guarantor hereby confirms that its execution of this Guarantee do not violate any law, agreement, other 
rules or regulations binding on the Guarantor. 
5. 
All the notices to the Guarantor shall be made to the following address: 
Postal address:  
Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
 
 
Box 3167 
 
 
103 63 Stockholm 
Telephone: 
 
+46-8-545 198 00 
 
If a notice has been sent by registered letter (rekommenderat brev), the notice shall be deemed to have been 
received by the recipient no later than the third Business Day following the dispatch. If a message has been 
sent by e-mail, the message shall be deemed to have reached the addressee when it is actually received. 
However, if the e-mail reaches the recipient after normal business hours, the message shall be deemed to 
have been received by the recipient at the beginning of the following Business Day. 
6. 
This Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. The courts of Sweden have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee. The District Court of 
Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
 
Stockholm, 25 March 2022 
BONNIER FASTIGHETER AB

--- Page 48 ---
48(58) 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
The Issuer is acting as an internal bank for the Group. The Issuer supports the Group with services 
related to funding, treasury and cash management. The Issuer conducts most of the financial 
transactions of the Group. The Issuer is responsible for all interest-bearing assets and liabilities as well 
as all derivatives and funding operations within the Bonnier Fastigheter Group. The Parent owns 100 
per cent. of the shares of the Issuer and therefore holds all the voting rights at the shareholder’s 
general meetings. 
The Issuer’s operations are carried out according to centrally determined risk mandates and limits 
designed to minimise the interest rate and liquidity risks to which the Bonnier Fastigheter Group is 
exposed. 
Legal group structure 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Bonnier Fastigheter. Bonnier Fastigheter in turn is owned by Albert 
Bonnier AB (20 per cent. of the capital and 71 per cent. of the votes) and by individual members of the 
Bonnier family (80 per cent. of the capital and 29 per cent. of the votes). No individual owns (directly 
or indirectly) more than 10,23 per cent. of the shares or the capital in the Issuer. The following chart 
shows an overview of the Bonnier Group’s legal structure. If the number of vote and capital differs, 
the votes are set out within brackets. The Group is marked with a yellow square. 
 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor and the other Group Companies, as the Issuer serves as an 
internal bank to the other Group Companies. Further, as is common for property companies, the 
Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s operations is to some extent conducted through and dependent on 
subsidiaries and other companies within the Group.

--- Page 49 ---
49(58) 
 
The Bonnier family in this context means all the lineal descendants in direct line of Karl-Otto Bonnier 
(born 1856) and any husband and wife or widow or widower of any of the foregoing individuals or 
any trustee, administrator or other legal representative of an estate or any assets of any of the 
foregoing individuals (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any companies, trusts or other legal 
entities controlled (for each such entity, by way of capital and votes) by one or several of the 
abovementioned individuals). 
History of the Group 
The Bonnier family has owned and developed properties in Stockholm since the mid-1800’s. Initially 
with the primary purpose to create solutions for the business within Bonnier, but over time it has 
evolved as a separate business. Bonnier Fastigheter still owns and manages many of the Properties 
acquired by the Bonnier family in the 1800’s.  
Bonnier Fastigheter was founded in 1985, is wholly owned by the Bonnier family and part of Bonnier 
Group. In 2019 Bonnier Fastigheter started investments in residential properties through a joint 
venture, HållBo AB, to own and manage residential properties in the Stockholm area. 
In 2018, AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) was established as the Group’s internal bank. 
Below is a summary of major events in the Group’s history: 
1800’s 
The Bonnier family started to invest in properties. 
1921 
Kv. Moraset, Vasastaden – The property of Albert Bonniers Förlag was acquired, and is 
still owned by the Group. 
1929 
Kv. Stormkransen, Vasastaden – The acquistion of Åhlén och Åkerlund included several 
properties, which still are owned by the Group.  
1946 
Bonnierhuset, Vasastaden – Was built for Bonnier, and is still owned by the Group. 
1985 
Bonnier Fastigheter was established.  
1990 
DN/EX Tryckeriet, Kista – Was built for the Bonnier group. The property was sold 2020  
2008 
Bulten och Sågen, Hornstull – Acquisition of existing properties as hubs to develop the 
new district centre Hornstull.  
2018  
Stationsgallerian (renamed to Centralhuset) – Bonnier’s first acquisition in Uppsala. 
2018 
Kv Munin– Bonnier’s second acquisition in Uppsala was completed.  
2018 
AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) was established as the Group’s internal bank 
2019 
Bonnier Fastigheter Bostad AB – was established as a subsidiary and business area 
formed for investments in residential properties, through the joint venture Hållbo AB.  
2020  
Kv Kvarngärdet – Bonnier’s third acquisition in Uppsala of a whole block 
(Cykelfabriken).  
2021 
Munin Next – Bonnier’s first construction project in Uppsala was initiated.  
2021 
Bonnier Fastigheter Invest AB was established as a subsidiary and business area formed 
for investments in real estate shares.

--- Page 50 ---
50(58) 
 
2022 
Bonnier Fastigheter Invest AB acquired 50% of the shares in Trecore Fastigheter AB, 
which owns 45 properties in Sweden within the grocery segment, of which ICA Group is 
the main tenant. ICA Fastigheter AB owns the remaining quote of the shares. 
2023 
Bonnier Fastigheter acquires Uppsala Dragarbrunn 20:6, Stockholm Klassrummet 1. 
 
THE ISSUER 
General corporate and Group information 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ), and its Swedish 
Corporate 
ID 
No. 
is 
556068-1701 
and 
its 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
LEI 
code 
is 
549300IKMNJ0HH52S033. The registered office of the board is located in Stockholm, Sweden. The 
registered postal address of the Issuer is Box 3167, SE-103 63 Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuers phone 
number is +468 545 198 00. The Issuer’s website is https://www.bonnierfastigheter.se/. The 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer was incorporated in Sweden on 20 January 1959 and registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 2 February 1959. The Issuer is a public limited 
liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)).  
Under its current articles of association, the Issuer’s share capital shall not be less than SEK 
3,000,000, and not more than SEK 12,000,000, divided into not fewer than 30,000 and not more than 
120,000 shares. The Issuer has two classes of shares: Class A-shares and Class B-shares. The Issuer’s 
share capital is SEK 5,500,000.00 represented by 55,000 shares. Each share has a quotient value of 
SEK 100. There are 49,500 Class A-shares and 5,500 Class B-shares issued. 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of the Guarantor, and the Guarantor owns one hundred (100) per cent. of the 
shares in the issuer. 
Board of directors, senior management and auditor 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of the below listed five directors, which are elected by the 
annual general meeting, with no deputies. 
Tomas Hermansson 
Born 1968. Chairman of the Board since 2018. Director of the Board since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments/positions: President and CEO, Bonnier Fastigheter AB, Member of the 
Board, Stockholms Stads Brandförsäkringskontor, Member of the Board, Hifab Group AB 
Tomas Winqvist 
Born 1967. Director of the Board since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments/positions: Managing Director, AB Bonnier Finans

--- Page 51 ---
51(58) 
 
Mario Pagliaro 
Born 1964. Director of the Board since 2022. 
Other on-going assignments/positions: Chief Financial Officer, Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
Thomas Tranberg 
Born 1967. Director of the Board since 2018 
Other on-going assignments/positions: Vice President and Head of Business Area Commercial 
Properties, Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
Anneli Albäck 
Born 1968. Director of the Board since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments/positions: Financial Controller, Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
 
Senior Management 
The Senior Management of the Issuer consists of a team of 3 persons. The table below sets forth the name and 
current position of each member of the Group Management. 
Name 
Position 
Tomas Winqvist 
 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Tomas Hermansson 
 
Chairman and Board Member 
Mario Pagliaro 
 
Chief Financial Officer and Board Member 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (SE-113 97 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Issuer’s auditor since 2018. Helena 
Ehrenborg, born 1965, is the auditor in charge. Helena Ehrenborg is an authorised public accountant and member 
of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden. 
Other information regarding the Board of Directors and Senior Management 
Business address 
The address for all members of the board of directors and members of the Senior Management is c/o AB Bonnier 
Fastigheter Finans (publ), Box 3167, SE-103 63 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No member of the board of directors of the Issuer or Senior Management has any private interest that might 
conflict with the Issuer’s interests.

--- Page 52 ---
52(58) 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
GENERAL 
The Guarantor’s legal and commercial name is Bonnier Fastigheter AB, and its Swedish Reg. No. is 
556058-2354 and its legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 549300NIQSZAN3I3T551. The registered 
office of the board is located in Stockholm, Sweden. The registered postal address of the Issuer is Box 
3167, SE-103 63 Stockholm, Sweden. The Guarantor’s website is https://www.bonnierfastigheter.se/. 
The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The Guarantor was incorporated in Sweden on 9 July 1953 and registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 17 July 1953. The Issuer is a limited liability 
company (aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The business idea of Bonnier Fastigheter is to acquire, develop, add value to and manage properties in 
selected markets with local presence and long-term commitment. Local presence and own staff are 
keys to Bonnier Fastigheter. The property portfolio has focus on office premises in central Stockholm 
and Uppsala. The property value of the Group amounts to approximately SEK 15.3 bn, and in 2023 
revenues amounted to around MSEK 876. The Group is organised in the following three Business 
Areas: 
Commercial Properties 
Portfolio mainly comprised of office properties in central Stockholm and Uppsala. Portfolio market 
value of approx. SEK 15.3 bn. Uppsala is a new and growing sub-area for the Group since 2018. The 
portfolio comprise of 19 properties totalling approx. 300,000 m2. Approx. 86% of the Group’s total 
revenues derive from office premises. Almost 76% of the properties, representing 73% of total lettable 
area, have obtained green building certifications. Bonnier Fastigheter has around 300 tenants secured 
through about 630 contracts. The occupancy rate is 90%, and the average lease term 3.2 years. The 
Group has land allocation of 80,000 m2 in Värtahamnen, in central Stockholm (office and retail). The 
existing portfolio building rights amounts to approximately 20,000 m2 BTA.  
Residential 
Bonnier Fastigheter commenced its diversification into residential properties in 2019, aiming at 25% 
of total portfolio long term. The first diversification step was taken in 2019 through a 50% joint 
venture (Hållbo AB, Swedish Reg. No.559208-2746) with ByggVesta AB (Swedish Reg. No. 556807-
4149). Bonnier Fastigheter is aiming at a wholly owned residential property portfolio going forward. 
Stockholm and Uppsala are focus markets for upcoming residential investments. Portfolio market 
value of approximately MSEK 1.654. 
The Hållbo AB portfolio includes six residential management properties with 593 rental apartments in 
Greater Stockholm and three ongoing residential projects (586 apartments). 
Invest 
In 2021 Bonnier Fastigheter AB established Bonnier Fastigheter Invest AB (Swedish Reg. No. 
559324-2992) as a subsidiary and business area formed for investments in real estate shares. As to 
date Bonnier Fastigheter Invest AB owns ca 98,5% of Fastighets AB Hemmaplan (Swedish Reg. No.  
559317-8568),. The company aims to invest in areas with potential for social development. Fastighets

--- Page 53 ---
53(58) 
 
AB Hemmaplan owns 50% of Rosengård centrum, a shopping mall in Malmö, Sweden and 100% of 
Gottsunda Centrum, a shopping mall in Uppsala.  
Bonnier Fastigheter Invest owns 17,4% of the Shares in Eastnine AB (publ) (Swedish Reg. No. 
556693-7404) a company who owns and manages commercial areas in the Baltic listed at Stockholm 
Nasdaq Mid Cap.  
In April 2022 Bonnier Fastigheter Invest acquired 50% of the shares in Trecore Fastigheter AB 
(Swedish Reg. No. 559352-4159), which is a joint venture with ICA Fastigheter AB (Swedish Reg. 
No. 556033-8518). The joint venture manages 45 retail properties with different locations within 
Sweden. The main tenant is ICA Group. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GUARANTOR 
Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Erik Haegerstrand 
Chairman
Ingalill Berglund 
Director
Carl-Johan Bonnier 
Director
Fabian Bonnier 
Director
Jens Engwall 
Director
Thomas Persson 
Director
Senior Management 
Sara Björnberg 
Head of Sustainable Development
Björn Boestad 
Head of Transactions
Camilo Bossi 
Head of business area Residential
Ki Hummelgren 
Head of Human Relations
Tomas Hermansson 
President and CEO
Mario Pagliaro 
Chief Financial Officer
Thomas Tranberg  
Vice President and Head of business area Commercial 
Properties
AUDITORS OF BONNIER FASTIGHETER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (SE-113 97 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Guarantor’s auditor since 2012. 
Helena Ehrenborg, born 1965, is the auditor in charge. Helena Ehrenborg is an authorised public 
accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden. 
OTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
Business address 
The address for all board members and members of the Senior Management is c/o Bonnier Fastigheter 
AB, Box 3167, SE-103 63 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No member of the board of directors or the Senior Management of Bonnier Fastigheter has any private 
interest that might conflict with the Issuer’s interests.

--- Page 54 ---
54(58) 
 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC. The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
SFSA’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this 
Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the securities.  
Authorisation and responsibility 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction 
with the establishment on the Programme. The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 18 February 2022. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The board of 
directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law or applicable regulations, responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Material contracts 
The Group has not entered into any material contracts which currently are in full force and effect 
entered into outside of the ordinary course of its business and which could result in the Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor is or has been party to any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatening which the Issuer is 
aware of) during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Certain material interests 
The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, certain 
investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the Issuer and the Group for 
which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or 
may arise as a result of the Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third 
parties.

--- Page 55 ---
55(58) 
 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantor since 
28 March 2024, being the date of publication of their last audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 
2023, being the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to 
the date of this Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31 December 2023 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2023, 
being the end of the last financial period for which financial information of the Issuer has been 
presented. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be 
read as part of this Base Prospectus. All of the below are available on the Group’s website 
https://www.bonnierfastigheter.se/finansiella-rapporter. 
The Issuer’s Annual Report January–December 
2023 
Statement of income on page 5; 
Balance sheet on page 6-7; 
Statement of changes in equity on page 8; 
Cash-flow statement on page 9; 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 10-17; and 
Auditor’s report on pages 18-19. 
The Issuer’s Annual Report January–December 2022 
Statement of income on page 5; 
Balance sheet on page 6-7; 
Statement of changes in equity on page 8; 
Cash-flow statement on page 9; 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 10-17; and 
Auditor’s report on pages 18-19. 
The 
Guarantor’s 
Annual 
Report 
January–
December 2023 
Consolidated statement of income on page 91; 
Consolidated balance sheet on page 93-94; 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 95; 
Consolidated cash-flow statement on page 96; 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements on pages 
97-119; 
Statement of income on page 120; 
Balance sheet on page 121-122; 
Statement of changes in equity on page 123; 
Cash-flow statement on page 124; 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 125-133; and 
Auditor’s report on attachment. 
The 
Guarantor’s 
Annual 
Report 
January–
December 2022 
Consolidated statement of income on page 63; 
Consolidated balance sheet on page 65-66; 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 67; 
Consolidated cash-flow statement on page 68; 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements on pages 
69-91; 
Statement of income on page 92; 
Balance sheet on page 93-94; 
Statement of changes in equity on page 95; 
Cash-flow statement on page 96; 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 97-103 and 
Auditor’s report on attachment.

--- Page 56 ---
56(58) 
 
Information in the above documents that is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the 
Issuer not to be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains the Issuer’s historical financial statements and the Guarantor’s audited 
consolidated historical financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, 
respectively, which have been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and 
recommendation RFR 2 – Accounting Rules for Legal Entities. Certain financial and other information 
presented in this Base Prospectus has been rounded off for the purpose of making this Base Prospectus 
more easily accessible for the reader. As a result, the figures in tables may not tally with the stated 
results. Unless otherwise stated, no information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed 
by the Issuer’s current or previous auditor. 
Documents on display 
The Issuer’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at the 
Issuer’s website www.bonnierfastigheter.se/debt-investors. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57(58) 
 
ADDRESSES 
The Issuer 
The Guarantor 
AB Bonnier Fastigheter Finans (publ) 
Box 3167, 103 63 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.bonnierfastigheter.se/ 
Bonnier Fastigheter AB 
Box 3167, 103 63 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.bonnierfastigheter.se/ 
Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Aleksis Kiven Katu 9 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki, Finland 
www.nordea.com 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial 
P.O Box 7523, 103 92 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.danskebank.se 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige 
Regeringsgatan 59 
105 88 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.dnb.se 
+46 (0)8 473 48 60 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Markets 
Smålandsgatan 17 
SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.nordeamarkets.com/sv 
+46 (0)8 407 90 85 
+46 (0)8 407 91 11  
+46 (0)8 407 92 03 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.seb.se 
+46 (0)8 506 232 09 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Credit Sales 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
106 70 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.handelsbanken.se  
+46 (0)8-463 46 50 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå 
Norrlandsgatan 21, SE-111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 595 060 00 
www.mannheimerswartling.se 
Central securities depository 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden/ 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
P.O. Box 1174 
Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 22 63 53 00 
www.euronextvps.no

--- Page 58 ---
58(58) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Box 3167, 103 63 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.bonnierfastigheter.se/