--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
AB Sagax (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands  
having its seat (statutaire zetel) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands) 
 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
AB Sagax (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
 
Under this €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), AB Sagax (publ) (Sagax, and 
in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by either of Sagax EUR or Sagax NL (each as defined below), the 
Guarantor), Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) (Sagax EUR) and Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. (Sagax NL and, 
together with Sagax and Sagax EUR, the Issuers, and each an Issuer) only may from time to time issue notes (the 
Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined below). 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, 
be references to whichever of Sagax, Sagax EUR or Sagax NL is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the 
applicable final terms document (the Final Terms). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is Sagax, references herein 
to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such 
Series. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of any 
of the Issuers or the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted 
to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of 
any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated (P) Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) 
AB (Moody's). Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Moody's has been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the UK) by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) and has not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of CIBOR, 
EURIBOR and NIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of 
SONIA, SOFR and STIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuers are aware, (i) SONIA and SOFR 
do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
J.P. MORGAN 
NORDEA 
SEB 
SWEDBANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 July 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of 
the knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or 
the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection 
with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to 
give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor any of the Dealers or the Trustee that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE - The applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to 
time, the SFA). The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of 
the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with 
a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offerings of the Notes contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the EEA (including Belgium and The Netherlands), the UK, Singapore and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Dealers nor the Arranger makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the Dealers nor the 
Arranger are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or the Arranger as 
to the suitability or content of the Green Finance Framework or the suitability or reliability of any opinion or

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor 
is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer or the Arranger to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Sagax has been derived 
from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (1995:1554)   and 
(ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the three months ended 31 March 2022 which 
have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting (together, the Sagax Financial 
Statements). 
Sagax's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are to 
the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  
Sagax EUR was incorporated on 12 June 2019. Sagax's EUR's financial year ends on 31 December. The 
audited annual financial statements of Sagax EUR for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
Kingdom of Sweden. 
 
Sagax NL was incorporated on 17 June 2020. Sagax NL's financial year ends on 31 December. The audited 
financial statements of Sagax NL for the extended first financial year from 17 June 2020 to 31 December 
2021 have been prepared in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements of 
the Group (as defined below) included in this Base Prospectus relate to the past performance of the Group. 
The future development of the Group could deviate significantly from past results due to a large number of 
internal and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical financial data of 
the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures for the Group 
going forward. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Swedish krona or SEK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
References to the Group are to AB Sagax (publ) and its Subsidiaries. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
Evidens of Sibyllegatan 30, 114 43 Stockholm, who are research specialists in providing professional analysis 
and strategic advice to both private and public sector stakeholders within the Nordic property market, have 
given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of information from their report on market trends 
in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
Information under the heading "Market Overview" on pages 132 to 140 of this Base Prospectus has been 
sourced from a third party or taken from publicly available sources and has been accurately reproduced and, 
as far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party or sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of third party or publicly available information is identified where used.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 23 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 26 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 30 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 44 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 96 
Description of Sagax EUR ............................................................................................................................... 98 
Description of Sagax NL .................................................................................................................................. 99 
Description of AB Sagax ................................................................................................................................ 100 
Market Overview ............................................................................................................................................ 132 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 141 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 146 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 151

--- Page 11 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any relevant 
Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
AB Sagax (publ) 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
AB Sagax (publ): 549300LJX28T6OM8DT95 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ): 5493003GK5K8DQSDYY53 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.: 549300M3FFATWSV78G84 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There 
are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the guarantee (the Guarantee) 
contained in the Trust Deed. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". 
Guarantor: 
AB Sagax (publ) (in the case of issues of Notes by Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ) or Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.) 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.

--- Page 12 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event:  
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be 
substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor or 
alternative rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero)) as described in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be 
subject to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Notes 
may be redeemable on the occurrence of a change of control of 
the Guarantor (see Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put))). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above.

--- Page 14 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants as 
further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor under its Guarantee will be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated (P) 
Baa3 by Moody's. Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold

--- Page 15 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and The 
Netherlands), the UK, Singapore and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under 
the Guarantee (as applicable). There are a wide range of factors which individually or together could result 
in the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to 
identify all such factors as the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors 
and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's control. The Issuers and the 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
their businesses and ability to make payments due. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
I. MARKET RISKS 
Macroeconomic volatility and negative economic developments 
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished 
liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) have increased, 
especially after the outbreak of Covid-19 coronavirus (Covid-19), the presence of significant sovereign debts 
and/or fiscal deficits in a number of European countries and the US. The default, or a significant decline in the 
credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could cause severe stress in the financial system 
generally and could adversely affect the markets in which the Group operates and the businesses, economic 
condition, solvency and prospects of the Group's counterparties or customers, directly or indirectly, in ways 
which are difficult to predict. The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Group and could 
adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, its solvency, the value 
and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the ability of the relevant 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and under its debt obligations more generally and, if applicable, 
the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
The Group's property portfolio is located across Europe and concentrated in Stockholm and Helsinki. For 
further information see "Description of AB Sagax – Property Portfolio". The European economies (including 
the Swedish and Finnish economies) have been adversely affected by the outbreak of Covid-19 and uncertain 
global economic and financial market conditions. The disruption to global business resulting from Covid-19 
has caused supply-chain constraints and in addition, there are currently inflationary pressures in both local and 
global markets, both of which have directly and indirectly affected many industries. The ongoing conflict in 
Ukraine, and the related geopolitical tensions and increase in the imposition of sanctions, has not only disrupted 
many industries and markets, but has also exacerbated inflationary pressures, particularly in respect of fuel, 
commodity and energy prices. The prolongation of such geopolitical tensions, sanctions and political 
uncertainty could negatively impact economic growth, business operations and the real estate markets, which 
in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic developments 
in the principal countries of operation of the Group or its tenants may affect the Group's business in a number 
of ways, including, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of 
the Group, its customers and other business partners. The Group may not be able to utilise the opportunities 
created by the economic fluctuations, the value of the real property owned by the Group may decrease, and

--- Page 17 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
the Group may not be able to adapt to a long-term economic recession or stagnation. Negative economic 
development may adversely affect the sale prices of the Group's properties. 
The Group may also experience increased defaults on rent payments, or downward pressure on rent levels, as 
a result of negative economic developments. One of the risks faced by the Group is its tenants being unable to 
fulfil their obligations to pay rent under the lease agreements, which could adversely affect the Group's 
liquidity and results. The credit risk of the Group's tenants is subject to general macroeconomic developments 
in the locations in which they operate, and globally. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Inflation and Interest Rate risks 
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing significant inflationary pressures. This has 
been exacerbated by the sanctions put in place as a response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, which has 
further increased energy, commodity and fuel prices. Such inflationary pressures are expected to continue in 
the medium term and may increase. In response to rising inflation it is expected that interest rates may be 
increased. The Group's main current cost item is interest costs. Interest rate risk is the risk of the Group's 
financing costs increasing due to changes in the market interest rate. The Group runs stress test analysis to 
monitor interest rate risk. Nevertheless, a significant increase in interest rates would increase the cost of 
funding of the Group and could have an adverse effect on the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Rising inflation may have direct and indirect impact on tenants' business and tenants' ability to pay rent as they 
have less disposable income any may lead to an increase in defaults on rent payments. Indexation of leases, in 
addition to increase in cost for energy, wages and sourcing, may reinforce cost pressure on tenants' business. 
In addition, inflationary pressure may negatively affect the cost of project developments and operating cost, if 
borne by the Group for instance in case of unlet space. 
Risks relating to Covid-19 
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general economic 
trends outside the Group's control. Extraordinary events, such as the outbreak of disease epidemics, can have 
an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, or even depression. 
Covid-19 led to a major slowdown in economic growth during 2020, 2021 and continuing into 2022 due to the 
spread of Covid-19 and the governmental decisions enacted across different nations in order to try to contain 
Covid-19, such as quarantines, shut downs and restrictions on mobility. Whilst the direct and indirect impact 
of the Covid-19 outbreak remains uncertain, a number of central banks and governments announced financial 
stimulus packages in anticipation of a very significant negative impact on GDP during 2020, 2021 and 
potentially during 2022. Concerns remain as to whether these policy tools will counter anticipated macro-
economic risks. Subsequent strains of Covid-19, including new and more contagious strains, have emerged 
across the world with many countries enforcing further rounds of lockdown measures and increasing in border 
closures between nations in an attempt to prevent the spread of the virus. Any further outbreaks could 
significantly adversely affect economic growth, and impact business operations across the economy generally 
and, by extension, real estate markets, both as a result of weakened economic activity and in terms of the health 
and wellbeing of employees being affected. Such weakening of the economy and/or operations could have a 
material adverse impact on the financial performance or operations of, or the cost of funding for, the Group. 
In addition, there is currently no reliable way to predict, with certainty, the timing or value of transactions 
affected. Further outbreaks of Covid-19 may lead to investments being postponed or planned acquisitions 
and/or divestments possibly not being carried out as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business. 
Moreover, due to Covid-19, there is a risk that the Group's current or future tenants may choose not to enter 
into new leases or renew existing leases. There is also a risk that the global downturn could affect the liquidity 
position of the Group's existing tenants, which in turn may require such tenants to postpone rental payments 
or cause defaults under lease agreements. Accordingly, the Covid-19 crisis' impact on the Group's current and

--- Page 18 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
future tenants could lead to increased vacancies and a decrease in rental income for the Group, which would 
have a negative impact on the Group's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Variations in supply and demand may affect the value of properties and rental levels 
The Group's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market 
related rents as well as tenants' ability to pay their rent. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely 
determined by general and regional economic trends. The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of 
rental income increases when there are more large individual tenants in the property portfolio. 
The value of properties and rental levels are affected by a number of factors, including natural disasters and 
outbreaks of disease (including Covid-19), events related to domestic and international politics, interest rates, 
exchange rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation. Changes to supply and demand in the 
property market resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also 
materially affect the values of properties regardless of the overall development in the market. In addition, an 
oversupply of available property for letting could lead to rent decreases, which could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's rental income. A decrease in the prices of properties is likely to have a direct impact on the fair 
value of the Group's property portfolio. The required return may increase in the future, which could lead to a 
reduction in the value of the Group's property portfolio. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
Risks posed by the competitive market 
The Group operates in a competitive sector. The Group's future competitive potential is dependent on, amongst 
other things, its ability to quickly respond to present and future market needs. The Group competes against a 
number of companies, which could gain market share at the expense of the Group. For further information see 
"Description of AB Sagax – Competitors". The impact of competition on the Group specifically, is that 
increased competition results in diminished property yields, which may not correspond with the Group's 
investment requirements. It also affects where the Group directs its investments in new properties as Sweden, 
where the Group holds a large proportion of its portfolio, has been difficult to grow in recent years, whereas, 
in France, The Netherlands and Spain, the Group has been able to grow its portfolio and thereby reduce the 
relative share of Sweden in the Group's portfolio. If competition were to intensify in France, The Netherlands 
and Spain, the Group may have to change its investment strategy further. Consequently, it may become 
necessary for the Group to make costly investments, restructurings or price reductions in order to remain 
competitive, which could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
II. FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risks posed by the Group's financing model 
The Group is financed through equity and interest-bearing debt as well as its cashflows. A portion of the 
interest-bearing debt is borrowed by Sagax's property-owning subsidiaries, which means that some of the 
financial risks in Sagax are attributable to its subsidiaries. The Group's long-term financing consists of bilateral 
credit facilities and listed bond loans. There are certain obligations under the credit facilities on maintaining, 
for example, certain interest cover ratios and certain loan to value ratios. This means that the creditors of the 
subsidiaries could be entitled to demand repayment in advance of the creditors of the relevant Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor, if the relevant Group subsidiaries do not fulfil such obligations. If such a demand is 
made, it could adversely affect the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's financial position. A minor 
portion of the Group's interest-bearing debt is in the form of commercial paper, which in contrast to the Group's 
other more long-dated debt, can be the first to face liquidity constraints in the markets at the times of economic 
turmoil, which could result in there being no market for the Issuer to issue new commercial paper. The Group 
mitigates this risk by having back-up liquidity facilities. If the market for commercial paper is negatively 
impacted and that coincides with insufficient liquidity in the banking sector to honour the back-up liquidity 
facilities commitments, then the Group may not be able to re-finance when due on acceptable terms, if at all. 
For further information see "Description of AB Sagax – Finance and Capital Structure – Funding strategy".

--- Page 19 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
The Group is dependent on Sagax's current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy 
The Group intends to raise additional debt from the capital markets in the future. To facilitate the issuance of 
unsecured bonds and notes, Sagax sought and obtained a long-term issuer credit rating. If Sagax's long-term 
credit ratings were to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly 
more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. A credit rating agency could downgrade 
Sagax's long-term issuer credit rating if, for example, the value of the Group's unencumbered assets were not 
to reach certain levels, or the Group's effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed 
charge cover ratios were to exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or the Group was unable to 
maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times. If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it 
would be more difficult for the Group to pursue its current financing strategy, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Group's profit and property value 
Sagax and the Group are each, respectively, exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation risk due to 
investments outside of Sweden and euro-denominated debt. Sagax and the Group's most significant exchange 
rate risks currently relate to rental income, maintenance costs, cost for central administration and property 
valuations that are denominated in euros, as well as Sagax and its subsidiaries' euro-denominated interest-
bearing debt. 
Sagax's reporting currency is Swedish krona, and all balance sheet items that are euro-denominated are 
converted to Swedish krona. Materialisation of the translation risk could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
New financing and refinancing risk 
Sagax and its subsidiaries are dependent on their ability to refinance existing financings as these fall due, and 
to obtain additional financing at market terms in connection with for example property acquisitions. In the 
event that Sagax and/or its subsidiaries are unable to refinance existing financings or obtain additional 
financing at appropriate terms, as a result of a deficiency in the capital markets or for any other reason, this 
could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Liquidity risk 
The Group defines liquidity risk as the risk of not having access to sufficient liquidity or credit commitments 
to cover its payment obligations, including payments in respect of maturing debt and interest due. A lack of 
liquidity to cover payments due could adversely affect the Group's business and financial position. Any failure 
to obtain funds sufficient to finance operations would have a material adverse impact on the performance of 
the Group. 
III. OPERATIONAL RISKS 
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken the Group's results 
The Group's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend on factors such as economic development, 
demographic growth and the level of new-build construction activity in the market. The occupancy rate of 
Group's properties has a significant impact on the Group's business. The Group aims to secure a high 
occupancy rate by, among other things, proactive letting processes and the development of its property 
portfolio to meet demand. If the vacancy rate increases, the Group will lose rental income while having to 
cover the maintenance costs. 
Tenant turnover is an integral part of the business, and results in costs to the Group, for example, related to the 
signing of rental agreements. There are no guarantees that the Group's major tenants will renew or extend their 
leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered rental income and vacancies. If the Group 
fails to maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant turnover of its premises increases 
significantly, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. 
Fluctuations in property value

--- Page 20 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
The Group is exposed to changes in its property portfolio's market value. Sagax reports the Group's properties 
at their fair value pursuant to the Swedish accounting standard IAS 40 (Förvaltningsfastigheter), which means 
that the consolidated book value of the properties corresponds to their aggregated estimated market value. This 
means that a decrease in the market value of the properties will adversely affect Sagax's balance sheet and 
income statements. 
Sagax has chosen independent valuation companies to assess the fair value of its properties. The external 
market valuations are undertaken each quarter and are carried out on all of the Group's properties, with the 
exception of the properties in Germany, which are externally appraised once a year. The principal method of 
appraisal used is a cash flow calculation in which the present value of cash flows and residual value is 
calculated. The residual value is calculated by perpetually capitalising the estimated net operating income for 
the year following the last year of calculation using the assigned yield method. The present value of cash flows 
and residual value is then calculated by discounting the cash flows and residual value by the cost of capital. 
The value of any development rights is also included in the present value. The properties are inspected by the 
appraisers on a rolling basis and all properties have been inspected in the previous three years. These 
inspections include public areas and a selection of premises and a specific emphasis is placed on major tenants 
and vacant premises. The purpose of the inspections is to assess the properties' overall standard and condition, 
maintenance requirements, market position and attractiveness. 
The calculation period is adjusted to the remaining term of existing leases and varies between five and 20 years 
and generally the calculation period is ten years. Cash flow calculations are based on inflation assumptions 
made by valuation companies of between 0 and 3 per cent. per year for the calculation periods, depending on 
the country in which the property is situated. Assessments of future net operating income are based on an 
analysis of current leases and the current rental market. The calculations consider each lease individually. 
Normally, existing lease agreements are assumed to remain in effect until the end of the lease period. In cases 
where the rental terms and conditions have been assessed as being on a competitive market level, it has been 
assumed that the leases can be extended with no change in the terms and conditions or that the premises can 
be leased to new tenants on comparable terms. In cases where the outgoing rent is not considered to be in line 
with market-level rent, it has been adjusted to correspond to such a level. The cash flow calculations also take 
into consideration a property's market position, rent level, non-current vacancy rate, the future trend of market 
rents and other possible uses for such property. Operating and maintenance costs are based on an analysis of 
the historical costs associated with the various properties and on experience and statistics pertaining to similar 
properties. However, many of these expenses are negligible for valuing the Group's property portfolio, since 
the Group's tenants usually pay these expenses in addition to the agreed rent. 
As a result of the factors set out above, there can be no assurance that the Group's property valuations 
accurately reflect the current market value of the Group's properties and property related assets as at the date 
of valuation or any other date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or 
materialisation of any of the above risks, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Operational and maintenance costs 
The Group's tenants have a relatively extensive liability for operational and maintenance costs as they lease 
warehouses and light industrial premises. The largest operational costs in relation to the Group's properties are 
electricity and heating costs and property tax. While these costs are likely to increase as a result of the conflict 
in Ukraine (and increased commodity and energy prices), the majority of such costs are either directly charged 
to the tenant or on-charged by the Group. In the event of vacancies, the Group's results are not only affected 
by the loss of lease revenue but also by costs which would otherwise be borne by tenants, for example, 
electricity and heating. 
Maintenance costs are attributable to measures aimed at upholding the standard of a property's fabric in the 
long term or maintaining and/or modernising it. In order to meet demands from the market or government 
authorities or other legal requirements, such costs may be substantial and unforeseen, and therefore may 
adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. For further information see "Description 
of AB Sagax – Changes in the Property Portfolio".

--- Page 21 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
System malfunctions in the Group's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of the 
Group's operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on well-adapted administrative systems, effective internal control, skills 
development and access to reliable valuation and risk models, which provide a basis for reducing operational 
risks. The Group's operations may be interrupted due to, among other things, power cuts, computer or 
telecommunication malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by suppliers, crime targeted at its systems, such 
as security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside the Group, or major 
disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well as human error by the Group's own staff. The Group could 
also incur losses if its operational procedures are flawed or its internal controls are inadequate. Specific risks 
that the Group currently faces in this area are (i) server failure by the Group's external IT provider which would 
cause the need for the Group to set aside capacity to re-do work that is lost; (ii) fraudulent attempts by third 
parties to impersonate Group companies or employees to encourage tenants to make payments to such third 
parties in the belief they are dealing with the Group (including by illegally accessing the Group's email and 
tenancy invoice systems); and (iii) failure of its tenant management database which would result in the Group 
being unable to monitor the leases currently in place to ensure the Group and the Group's tenants fulfil the 
contractual parameters of the leases or ensure the correct payment of rent by tenants. The Group works 
continuously to develop its administrative security and controls but material interruptions or serious 
malfunctions in the Group's operational systems may impair and weaken its business, financial condition and 
the profitability of its operations. The Group may also face difficulties when developing new systems and 
maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions 
in its IT systems could delay the Group in issuing rental invoices to, or securing tenancy agreements with, its 
customers. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks related to property acquisitions and divestments 
Acquisitions of additional properties are a part of the Group's ordinary business and such acquisitions 
inherently involve a degree of risk and uncertainty. A property acquisition entails risks such as maintaining a 
relationship with new tenants, environmental conditions, limitations on right-of-use and technical deficiencies, 
such as design defects and other hidden deficiencies. For further information see "Legal Risks – Environmental 
risks" below. When acquiring property companies, there are additional risks in relation to potential tax and 
legal liabilities. Additionally, the Group also sells properties and as part of such sales it is common for a seller 
to provide guarantees relating to certain of the acquisition risks identified above (e.g. validity of leases and 
environmental risks) and there is a risk that buyers of the Group's properties could claim under these 
guarantees. Such risks could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. For further 
information see "Description of AB Sagax – Changes in the Property Portfolio". 
Risks related to property development 
The development of properties constitutes a part of the Group's regular operations. Project development is 
inherently associated with uncertainties and risks as regards costs and delays (among other things). Supply 
chain disruptions and material shortages as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine may 
also have an impact on costs and delays. Although the Group monitors these developments, projects may be 
delayed, become more expensive or their quality may not be as expected. These factors may result in increased 
costs or reduced income for the Group. In addition, the Group may be dependent on procuring the necessary 
permits from public authorities for developing and operating projects. There is a risk that the Group will not 
succeed in implementing its property projects, which may have a material adverse impact on its operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Organisational risks 
The Group's future development is to a large extent dependent on the experience, knowledge and commitment 
of management and other key personnel and its ability to recruit, retain and develop other qualified senior 
executives and key employees. As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed 87 employees and so there is 
limited ability for the Group to succession plan internally and therefore a sudden loss of one or more key 
members of staff could require the Group to defer decision making in an area or multiple areas of its business 
whilst the Group sources replacement staff and could also affect timely completion of transactions and projects.

--- Page 22 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The Group's operations and results could be materially adversely affected should one or several of such key 
persons terminate their employment or should it fail to recruit skilled staff. 
Sagax's dependence on Subsidiaries as a Holding Company 
Sagax is a holding company and the Group's operations are mainly run through its subsidiaries. Sagax is 
therefore dependent on its subsidiaries to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it or guaranteed by it. 
The Group intends to provide Sagax with liquidity by way of intra-group loans, dividends or other transfers of 
value in order for Sagax to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it or guaranteed by it. However, if 
Sagax's subsidiaries do not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations are 
prevented from providing liquidity to Sagax, there is a risk that Sagax will not fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued by it or guaranteed by it. 
Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (each a Subsidiary Issuer) are special purpose vehicles and investors should 
therefore consider the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group in addition to that of the 
relevant Subsidiary Issuer 
As Sagax EUR was incorporated on 12 June 2019, this Base Prospectus contains audited financial statements 
for Sagax EUR in respect of the two financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. The principal activities 
of Sagax EUR are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-group arrangements with 
other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial instruments. 
As Sagax NL was incorporated on 17 June 2020, it has less than 24 months of financial information available. 
As such, this Base Prospectus only contains audited financial statements for Sagax NL in respect of the 
accounting period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2021. The principal activities of Sagax 
NL are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-group arrangements with other 
members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial instruments. 
Accordingly, a Subsidiary Issuer's ability to pay interest and repay principal in respect of its borrowings, 
including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group. 
Notes issued by a Subsidiary Issuer will be guaranteed by Sagax. The Group further intends to provide each 
Subsidiary Issuer with liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for 
each Subsidiary Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not 
provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing 
liquidity to either Subsidiary Issuer, there is a risk that the relevant Subsidiary Issuer will not fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in Notes issued by a Subsidiary Issuer should consider the 
risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group in addition to that of the relevant 
Subsidiary Issuer. 
IV. LEGAL RISKS 
Environmental risks 
Liability for pollution and other environmental damages generally falls on the current and/or previous 
operator(s) of activities carried out on a property. The Group does not require permission under the relevant 
environmental regulations in each relevant jurisdiction to conduct its business. However, tenants of the Group 
and previous owners/operators of properties now belonging to the Group, may be deemed to be operators, and 
required to obtain a permit, under the relevant environmental code in each jurisdiction. 
Under Swedish, Finnish, Spanish and French legislation, the party conducting an activity which has 
contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it. If the party conducting the activity cannot carry out 
or pay for such treatment and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should have discovered the 
pollution, then the acquirer may be responsible for carrying out the treatment. 
Under French legislation, if the last operator is not solvent, the owner of the property may, in certain 
circumstances, be held liable for pollution and for treating it.

--- Page 23 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Under Spanish legislation, if contaminated land is acquired, in accordance with the provisions of article 36.1 
and 2 of Law 22/2011, of 28 July 2011, on contaminated waste and soil, a subsequent owner or operator who 
was not the cause of the contamination may be responsible for remedial work (subsidiary liability, 
responsabilidad subsidiaria), although they can attempt to pass the cost on to the party that conducted the 
activities which contributed to the pollution. 
Under Dutch legislation, the party conducting an activity which has contributed to pollution is in general 
responsible for treating it. Treating such pollution can consist of, for example, limiting the consequences of 
the pollution, removing the contamination and other similar activities. With respect to certain environmental 
requirements, other parties than the polluter (for example, the owner of property on which polluting activities 
were carried out) may be held responsible to treat the pollution as well. Notable examples of situations in 
which the owner of the property might be held responsible for the treatment of pollution are (i) the presence 
of certain types of asbestos that should be removed from a property in light of health and safety requirements 
and (ii) the presence of a historical soil contamination (i.e. a soil contamination that has been caused prior to 
1987) that poses an urgent threat to the environment and/or health & safety and should therefore be remediated. 
Under certain circumstances, previous owners and the current owner can also be held liable for pollution. 
Further, additional specific requirements/limitations may apply for a property in respect of certain after care 
provisions that may have been stipulated by the authorities in light of a soil remediation scheme - both the 
owner and the operator of a property will be bound by such restrictions. Similar risks could arise in respect of 
the Group's Danish and German properties. 
This means that claims for decontamination or after-treatment of any actual or suspected pollution in land, 
water area or groundwater may in certain circumstances be directed against members of the Group pursuant 
to the relevant environmental regulation. Any such event or material decrease in the value of the properties, or 
environmental issues that are not known or not recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later 
date, could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial condition of the Group. 
The costs of any removal or clean up that may be necessary due to any deterioration, contamination, damage, 
encumbrance or hazardous materials may be higher than anticipated by the Group and affect the property yield. 
Failure to comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with stricter new environmental 
regulations that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of the Group's 
operations. There can be no assurance that the Group could not become liable for material environmental 
damage or other environmental liabilities in the future. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Regulatory compliance and reputation 
Shortcomings in regulatory compliance could result in financial losses, sanctions from supervisory authorities, 
tarnished reputation and delisting of Sagax's equity and/or the Group's debt securities. Certain regulations are 
open to interpretation, meaning that the Group and a regulatory body may have differing opinions as to how 
to comply with such regulations. The realisation of such risks could adversely affect the Group's results and 
financial position. 
As a large player in the property industry, the Group is subject to risks associated with occupational health and 
safety, corruption and human rights. These risks may affect the Group internally as well as through their impact 
on suppliers and partners who work on behalf of the Group. Such social responsibility risks could give rise to 
significant damage to the Group's reputation and could have a material negative impact on the Group's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Taxes and changes in legislation 
The Group's operations are conducted in accordance with the Group's interpretation of applicable tax laws, 
regulations and case law and in accordance with advice from tax advisers. However, it cannot be ruled out that 
the Group's interpretation is incorrect or that such regulations or case law are amended with potential 
retroactive effect. Decisions of tax agencies and administrative courts may change the Group's previous or 
current tax situation, which could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. For 
example, the Group was involved in a recent tax dispute in respect of Sagax Bruket Fastigheter AB and the

--- Page 24 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Swedish Tax Agency and the Stockholm Administrative Court came to a view that the Administrative Court 
of Appeal then rejected (which was upheld by the Supreme Administrative Court when it denied the appeal of 
the Swedish Tax Agency), see "Legal Risks – Other/future disputes, litigation or arbitration proceedings". 
The Group's operations are affected by the tax rules in force from time to time in the countries where the Group 
operates. Since these rules have historically been subject to changes, further changes are expected in the future 
(potentially with retroactive effect). Such changes, for example changes in the participation exemption rules 
or in the right to deduct interest expenses, to depreciate properties for tax purposes and to carry forward tax 
losses, could materially adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Other/future disputes, litigation or arbitration proceedings 
The Group could become involved in future disputes. The results of any pending or future investigation, 
proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or governments could 
affect the Group's operations. In addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against the Group, 
significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity could adversely affect the Group's results and financial 
position. 
The Group is currently involved in one tax dispute in Sweden. The dispute relates to the Swedish Tax Agency's 
decision to deny Firethorne AB, a Group company, deductions for a portion of such company's tax losses 
carried forward in connection with the Group's acquisition of the company. 
Should the Swedish Tax Agency's claim ultimately be upheld in this dispute, Sagax estimates that the 
recognised negative earnings effect for the Group would be approximately SEK 156 million. For further 
information see "Description of AB Sagax – Legal Proceedings". 
V. CLIMATE RISKS 
Risks related to climate change 
From the perspective of the Group, climate change presents the risk of damage to property caused over time 
by altered weather conditions, rising sea levels and other changes in the physical environment that affect 
properties. As a property business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group compared 
with other businesses as the Group relies on its physical infrastructure to generate its income. As climate 
change is ongoing, these risks could potentially increase in the long term. This could mean a greater need for 
investments in properties situated in vulnerable areas. Climate change could also entail higher operating 
expenses. Investments in the wrong type of measures for properties could lead to the risk of unprofitable 
investments if climate risk is not appropriately considered. In addition, environmentally-oriented political 
decisions could affect the Group, not least in the form of higher taxes or necessary investments. Moreover, the 
Group's business could also be affected by increased climate related requirements imposed by regulatory 
authorities, investors, tenants and other stakeholders, for example a requirement to reduce the Group's CO2 
emissions. Any such changes or new requirements could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and 
financial position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
VI. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features:

--- Page 25 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank Offered 
Rate (CIBOR), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate 
(NIBOR) and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR)) are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if not based in the EU 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if not based 
in the EU not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations were 
published on 11 May 2021.

--- Page 26 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes and the Agency Agreement provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original 
Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any screen page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero) and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) and as 
more fully described at Condition 5.2(f). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, including any adjustment spread may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference 
Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applies to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the 
basis of the relevant reference rate (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). All such 
rates are based on 'overnight rates'. Overnight rates differ from interbank offered rates, such as the London 
Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such 
rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
overnight rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the 
Programme compared to interbank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for Eurobonds 
is subject to continued change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
overnight rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative 
to interbank offered rates such as LIBOR. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led 
working groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for 
such rates (including so-called 'shift', 'lag', and 'lock-out' methodologies) and forward-looking 'term' reference 
rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight

--- Page 27 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or 
another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes 
may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The continued 
development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of 
which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, 
if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same 
currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing overnight rates. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Enforceability of judgments 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on 
mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with the EU or Sweden. 
The UK has applied to join the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments 
in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention), but the other 
contracting states have, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a final 
judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, 
if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgement rendered in an English 
court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the 
dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial 
on a judgment's merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee.

--- Page 28 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes in accordance with Sagax's Green Finance 
Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below). A prospective investor should have regard to the 
information set out in "Use of Proceeds" and determine for itself the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary. Prospective 
investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance 
is given by the relevant Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds" below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green 
Finance Framework (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" 
or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. Each prospective 
investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Finance Framework and seek advice from 
their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser as to the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes before deciding 
to invest. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer and including the 
Second-Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below)) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion 
was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may

--- Page 29 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the relevant Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, and to report on the use of 
proceeds or Eligible Projects as described in the Green Finance Framework, there is no contractual obligation 
to do so. There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer or a failure by 
the relevant Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of 
proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or 
certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid 
and/or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion 
or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole 
or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such 
Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
VII. RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated 
As is usual for property companies, the Group's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, Sagax is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment obligations 
in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). Moreover, Sagax EUR and Sagax NL are special 
purpose financing vehicles that were formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. For more 
information see "Risk Factors – Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (each a "Subsidiary Issuer") are special purpose 
vehicles and investors should therefore consider the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group 
in addition to that of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer" and "Risk Factors – Sagax's dependence on Subsidiaries 
as a Holding Company". 
The Notes issued by Sagax and the Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the claims of all 
holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Sagax's subsidiaries, and structurally 
and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Sagax's and its subsidiaries' secured 
creditors. The Notes issued by Sagax will not be guaranteed by any of Sagax's subsidiaries or any other 
company or person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or 
winding up of the business of any of Sagax's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured 
creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general 
application will generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Sagax. 
The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) will be effectively subordinated to any of the relevant Issuer's 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured and future secured indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantee (if applicable) is an unsecured 
obligation of the Guarantor. The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) are, therefore, effectively

--- Page 30 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
subordinated to the relevant Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured indebtedness and 
future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the relevant Issuer's or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent 
of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, the assets that serve as collateral for 
any secured indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would be available to satisfy the obligations 
under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Other than as set out in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge), Condition 4.2(a) (Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness) and Condition 4.2(c) (Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness), the 
Conditions do not prohibit the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor from incurring and securing future 
indebtedness. To the extent that the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor were to secure any of its 
future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the Notes and the Guarantee, the relevant Issuer's 
obligations, in respect of the Notes, and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of the Guarantee (if applicable), 
would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security 
securing such indebtedness. 
A change in the controlling ownership of Sagax could result in the requirement for the relevant Issuer to 
repay holders of its existing bonds ahead of Noteholders under the Programme 
The terms and conditions of the Sagax's existing bonds contain change of control provisions that differ from 
those set out in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change 
of Control Put)). The differences between the change of control provisions under the Programme and Sagax's 
existing bonds pose a risk to Noteholders that holders of Sagax's existing bonds may exercise their right to 
repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event that the change of control under the Programme is not triggered 
or there has not been a credit rating downgrade or withdrawal following a change in controlling ownership of 
Sagax. This could result in the claim for repayment by Noteholders on a subsequent winding up of Sagax being 
prejudiced as other unsecured holders of notes under existing financings may have been repaid prior to the 
Noteholders' claim, thereby reducing the assets available to Sagax to satisfy such claim by the Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee, which may be exercised without the consent 
of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders 
and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the 
relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Substitution). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Notes affected by it.

--- Page 31 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
VIII. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Notes may not reflect all 
the risks associated with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.

--- Page 32 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The following sections of the annual reports of Sagax in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 (the "Sagax Annual Report 2021") and 31 December 2020 (the "Sagax Annual 
Report 2020"). These documents are available for viewing on the following websites: 
Sagax Annual Report 2021:  
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/202204194478-1.pdf 
 
Section 
Page Numbers 
Summary of the Sagax Property Portfolio 
16 to 31 
Market Value of Property Portfolio 
32 to 33 
Funding 
34 to 39 
Joint Ventures and Associated Companies 
40 to 42 
Current earnings capacity 
43 to 44 
Organisation and Employees 
53 to 54 
Multi-year summary 
55 to 57 
Events after the end of the year 
58 
Consolidated financial information 
68 to 75 
Parent Company financial information 
76 to 79 
Notes to the consolidated and Parent Company 
financial statements 
80 to 114 
Auditor's Report to the consolidated and Parent 
Company financial statements 
115 to 118 
Sagax Annual Report 2020:  
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/202104138226-1.pdf 
 
Section 
Page Numbers 
Summary of the Sagax Property Portfolio 
16 to 31 
Market Value of Property Portfolio 
32 to 33 
Funding 
34 to 39 
Joint Ventures and Associated Companies 
40 to 42 
Current earnings capacity 
43 to 44 
Organisation and Employees 
53 to 54 
Multi-year summary 
55 to 57 
Events after the end of the year 
58 
Consolidated financial information 
68 to 73 
Parent Company financial information 
74 to 77 
Notes to the consolidated and Parent Company 
financial statements 
78 to 112 
Auditor's Report to the consolidated and Parent 
Company financial statements 
113 to 116 
(b) 
The interim report of Sagax for the three months ended 31 March 2022 (which contains the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the three months ended 31 March 2022) excluding the 
sections entitled "Adjusted Forecast for 2022" on the inside cover and page 7. This document is 
available for viewing on the following website:

--- Page 34 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/202205111021-1.pdf 
(c) 
The independent auditor's report and audited annual financial statements of Sagax EUR in respect of 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021 (the "Sagax EUR Annual Report 2021") and 31 
December 2020 (the "Sagax EUR Annual Report 2020"). These documents are available for viewing 
on the following websites: 
 
Sagax EUR Annual Report 2021: 
 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2022-
06/Annual%20Report%202021%20Sagax%20EURO%20MTN%20AB.pdf  
Sagax EUR Annual Report 2020: 
 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2021-
10/Annual%20Report%202020%20Sagax%20EURO%20MTN%20AB.pdf 
(d) 
The independent auditor's report and the audited financial statements of Sagax NL in respect of the 
extended first financial year from 17 June 2020 to 31 December 2021, both contained in the Sagax NL 
annual report for the extended first financial year (the "Sagax NL Annual Report 2021"). This 
document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
Sagax NL Annual Report 2021: 
 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2022-
06/Annual%20Report%202021%20Sagax%20EURO%20MTN%20NL%20BV.pdf 
(e) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 30 August 
2018, pages 41 to 78 (inclusive) prepared by Sagax in connection with the Programme. This document 
is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8e717733-f4c7-4141-b59e-c61851acbe9d.PDF 
(f) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2019, 
pages 37 to 79 (inclusive) prepared by Sagax and Sagax EUR in connection with the Programme. This 
document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6297c274-3247-42e8-99bc-4bcbc698b3fa.PDF 
(g) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 3 July 2020, 
pages 40 to 83 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2021-
10/Base%20prospectus%20%E2%82%AC%202%2C000%2C000%2C000%20Euro%20Medium%2
0Term%20Note%20Programme%2C%2003.07.2020.pdf 
(h) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2021, 
pages 43 to 86 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2021-
10/Base%20prospectus%20%E2%82%AC%203.000.000.000%20Euro%20Medium%20Term%20N
ote%20Program%2C%2010.06.2021_0.pdf

--- Page 35 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed 
to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that, except as set forth above, no other portion of the above documents is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, where sections of any of the above documents which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus cross-reference other sections of the same document, such 
cross-referenced information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise incorporated by 
reference herein. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors or the 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 37 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable) has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, is given to the Trustee. The 
relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant 
Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a

--- Page 38 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4 
(Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect 
signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, is given to the Trustee. The 
relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 39 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 60 
days, or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee, as applicable, 
that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event 
a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 41 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
[Date] 
[AB Sagax (publ)] / [Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ)] / [Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300LJX28T6OM8DT95] / [5493003GK5K8DQSDYY53] / 
[549300M3FFATWSV78G84] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by AB Sagax (publ)] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.]1 [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at https://live.euronext.com/.]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 August 2018]/[5 July 2019]/[3 July 2020]/[10 June 2021] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
8 July 2022. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information]. [The Base Prospectus has been published on 
the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at  
https://live.euronext.com/ .] ] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[AB Sagax (publ)/Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ)/ 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] 
 
[(b) 
Guarantor: 
AB Sagax (publ)] 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by AB Sagax 
(publ)) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)

--- Page 43 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [   ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by AB Sagax 
(publ)) 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 44 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]

--- Page 45 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be 'Not Applicable') 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business 
Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Copenhagen business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if CIBOR, second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR and second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 46 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(k) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(l) 
Step Up Margin: 
 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[DA Selected Bond] / [Insert applicable Reference 
Bond] 
 
(B) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 47 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the relevant Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as

--- Page 48 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
between the relevant Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Trustee.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20052] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
2 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 49 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [AB Sagax (publ)/Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ)/Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] as 
Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of AB Sagax (publ) as Guarantor: 
By: ..........................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 50 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [     ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Economic Area and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
EU CRA Regulation)]/ [Each of [defined terms] is 
established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation)] 
[add details of any endorsement under the UK CRA 
Regulation] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the

--- Page 51 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their respective] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily

--- Page 52 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 53 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 54 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by AB Sagax (publ) (Sagax), Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ) (Sagax EUR) or Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. (Sagax NL and, together with Sagax and Sagax 
EUR, the Issuers and each an Issuer) constituted by a Fourth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 8 July 2022 made 
between the Issuers, Sagax in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL only (the 
Guarantor) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any 
successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of Sagax, Sagax EUR or Sagax NL 
is specified as Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of 
Notes is Sagax, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and 
shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 8 July 2022 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the Registrar, which expression 
shall include any successor registrar) and transfer agent (together with the Registrar and the other transfer 
agents named therein, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 55 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) 
and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and

--- Page 56 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in 
its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred 
in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to 
effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration 
of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such 
other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer

--- Page 57 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of 
the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the 
case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed guaranteed (the Guarantee) the payment by Sagax EUR or Sagax 
NL, as applicable, of all sums in respect of the Notes and under the Trust Deed and the performance 
by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL, as applicable, of all its obligations under the Notes and the Trust Deed. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that none of their

--- Page 58 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, 
pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) (in each case other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before 
or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably 
with the Relevant Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion 
deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Permitted Security Interest means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of any 
Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) acquired, so long as such 
Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), was not created in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and the principal 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured was not increased in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or since such entity 
became a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be). 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Sagax will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly, 
any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial 
Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto 
(including pro forma application of the proceeds) the Consolidated Solvency Ratio would 
exceed 65 per cent.; 
(b) 
Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio: So long as any Note remains outstanding 
Sagax undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less than 
1.8:1; and 
(c) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Sagax will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly, 
any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(c) any Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously secured assets) if, on the date of 
such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of 
the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness of the Group (on a consolidated basis) 
would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets. 
Sagax will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any of the 
undertakings in this Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants) is breached at any time.

--- Page 59 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
For so long as the Notes remain outstanding, Sagax will deliver a certificate to the Trustee on each 
Reporting Date signed by any two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Sagax, 
certifying that Sagax is in compliance with, and there has been no breach of, the undertakings set out 
in this Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
A certificate by any two Authorised Signatories of Sagax as to any of the amounts referred to in this 
Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants), or any of the terms defined for the purposes of this Condition 
4.2 (Financial Covenants), shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number set out 
under the heading "Profit before tax" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, from which items (a) to (g) below should be deducted: 
(a) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, 
realised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Group; 
(b) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, 
unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
(c) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of financial 
instruments, realised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
(d) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of financial 
instruments, unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
(e) 
the number set out under the heading "Profit from joint ventures and 
associated companies" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of Sagax, from which should be deducted the number set 
out under the heading "Profit from joint ventures and associated companies - 
of which, profit from property management" (or any equivalent line item) in 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
(f) 
the number set out under the heading "Financial income" (or equivalent line 
item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Group; and 
(g) 
the numbers set out under the heading "Financial expenses" and "Financial 
expenses, interest component of leases" (or equivalent line items) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the 
aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net 
Interest Charges; 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio means (i) the aggregate of the total Financial Indebtedness (on 
a consolidated basis) of the Group (less cash and cash equivalents and listed shares) and any 
guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness (except for any guarantee 
and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that Sagax has directly or indirectly

--- Page 60 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
accounted for in its consolidated financial statements) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total 
Assets, in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as 
shown in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
Financial Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination 
(without duplication) any indebtedness of such Person, including: 
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock 
or other similar instruments; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or 
dematerialised equivalent; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold 
on a non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts (excluding 
the amount of any liability in respect of leasehold properties) which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles 
applicable to the Group, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(vi) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price of property, assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; 
Group means Sagax and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as 
amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by the European Union; 
Net Interest Charges means the net amount calculated as the number set out under the 
heading "Financial Income" (or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements 
of Sagax from which is deducted the number set out under the heading "Financial expenses" 
(or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of Sagax; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness of Sagax or any of 
its Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to 
renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of 
Sagax or any member of the Group (other than intergroup/intercompany Financial 
Indebtedness); provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted 
value, if applicable) of the Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all accrued interest on 
the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including 
premiums, incurred in connection therewith);

--- Page 61 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may 
only be redeemed at the option of Sagax, either (i) no earlier than the final 
maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity 
date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, 
exchanged or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is 
subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if Sagax was the obligor on the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial 
Indebtedness is incurred by Sagax; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or 
body, partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, 
government, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter 
or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such 
indebtedness; 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of Sagax's 
annual consolidated financial statements, or (ii) the publication of Sagax's quarterly 
consolidated financial statements; 
Secured Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity 
in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a Security 
Interest granted over any assets of any member of the Group; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control (directly 
or indirectly), whether by ownership of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital, 
contract, the power to appoint or remove the majority of members of the governing 
body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person, 
and includes any Person that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and 
Testing Date means each day which is (i) the last day of Sagax's financial year in any year in 
respect of which annual consolidated financial statements of Sagax have been produced (the 
Annual Testing Date) or (ii) the last day of the first three quarters of Sagax's financial year 
in any year in respect of which quarterly consolidated financial statements of Sagax have been 
produced (the Quarterly Testing Date).

--- Page 62 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual

--- Page 63 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur

--- Page 64 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination -Term Rate 
This Condition 5.2(b)(i) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Term Rate" to be 
"Applicable". 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 65 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily SONIA - Non-Index 
Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(ii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight 
Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "Compounded Daily SONIA" as the Reference Rate; and (3) "Index 
Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2(f) 
and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
do 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
i 
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni 
for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
(A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
p 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for

--- Page 67 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to 5.2(b)(ii)(A) above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable 
SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, such SONIA reference rate is not 
made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as: 
(i) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate under (I)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (I) above, 
and, in each case, references to "SONIA reference rate" in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A) 
above shall be construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii), and without prejudice to Condition 
5.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which 
the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); or

--- Page 68 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily SONIA - Index 
Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight 
Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "Compounded Daily SONIA" as the Reference Rate; and (3) 
"Index Determination" to be 'Applicable'. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2(f) 
and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such 
Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate 
or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such page is so specified or if such 
page is unavailable at the relevant time, as otherwise published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the SONIA Compounded Index), and in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   = 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
and 
d 
x
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Start 
End 
365 
1   
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 69 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period 
for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii) above as if "Index 
Determination" were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 'Not 
Applicable', and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(iv) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight 
Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) either "Compounded Daily SOFR" or "Weighted Average SOFR" 
as the Reference Rate; and (3) "Index Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Compounded Daily 
SOFR", the provisions of paragraph (A) below of this Condition. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Weighted Average 
SOFR", the provisions of paragraph (B) below of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) apply. 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where this paragraph (A) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 5.2(f) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars 
secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i   × ni
𝐷𝐷
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
−1቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where:

--- Page 70 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
do 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i 
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) 
the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
p 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days);

--- Page 71 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-
out Period; 
SOFR in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a reference 
rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx; 
SOFRi means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is 
not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); or 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where this paragraph (B) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 5.2(f) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the

--- Page 72 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Interest Determination Date (and rounded, if necessary, 
to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards), where: 
Weighted Average SOFR means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes, the 
SOFR in effect for any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; and 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant SOFR for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the SOFR in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (B) and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings 
given to them in paragraph (A) above of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv). 
(C) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR 
is not available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on 
the New York Fed's Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) but without prejudice to Condition 
5.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with 
the provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(C). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SOFR - Index Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(v) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight 
Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "Compounded Daily SOFR" as the Reference Rate; and (2) "Index 
Determination" to be 'Applicable'.

--- Page 73 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2(f) 
and as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
 
where: 
dc 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five); 
SOFR means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination 
Time); 
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or 
(B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Accrual Period); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
dc 
x 
Index 
SOFR 
Index 
SOFR 
Start 
End 
360
1   
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 74 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(B) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator's Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(iv) above as if "Index 
Determination" were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 'Not 
Applicable', and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if 
such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, shall be the date on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(vii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If the Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) or if redeemed prior to their stated maturity otherwise than on an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon 
as provided in Condition 5.3 and the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or

--- Page 75 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 76 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 77 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the operation of the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Advisor 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith) a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread

--- Page 78 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii), 
the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (provided that such amendments do not, without the consent of the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to it) (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and 
expense of the relevant Issuer, agree to use their reasonable endeavours to effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, 
including, inter alia, by execution of a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed, as the relevant 
Issuer determines and certifies to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(f) and neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying 
Agent shall be liable to any party for any consequence thereof provided, however, that neither 
the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to agree to any 
such consequential amendments if the same would, in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), expose it to any additional liabilities or increase the 
obligations or duties or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to 
it in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(iv), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date notify the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter notify, in accordance with Condition 14, 
the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.2(f). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the 
relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories

--- Page 79 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
of the relevant Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), (iii) any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where 
applicable, the terms of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above and certifying that 
the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee's and the Principal Paying Agent's ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(i) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the relevant Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(f) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.2(f). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 80 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period 
and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) 
above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse

--- Page 81 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) 
above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Periods(s) (provided 
that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 5.2(g) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Term Rate" to be 
'Applicable'.

--- Page 82 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable', the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable', the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, Trustee and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second Business Day thereafter. 
Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply:

--- Page 83 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in 
the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the 
Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the 
same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor 
decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
Sagax shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured long-
term debt from Moody's and, if an additional Rating Agency is appointed to rate Sagax's senior 
unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of Sagax, such additional Rating Agency. If, 
notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any Rating Agency fails or ceases to assign a credit 
rating to Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt, Sagax shall use all reasonable efforts to 
obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency 
approved (other than in the case of S&P or Fitch) by the Trustee in writing (such approval not 
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and references herein to such Rating Agency or the 
credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, the 
equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance with the 
remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
Sagax will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change 
giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
5.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with 
Condition 14) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such 
Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth 
London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency other 
than S&P or Fitch, Sagax shall determine, with the prior approval of the Trustee (such 
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of such Rating 
Agency or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as are most equivalent to the prior 
rating designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number 
of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the Notes 
provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest be (i) less than 
the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin 
specified hereon.

--- Page 84 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
Where: 
Rating Agency, Fitch, Moody's, S&P and Substitute Rating Agency have the meanings 
given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
Step Down Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Sagax, after a Step 
Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt is at least 
Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case of S&P and at least 
BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, following such public announcement, no Rating 
Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels or any equivalent rating. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured 
long-term debt above Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case 
of S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating 
Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall not constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
Step Up Margin means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Sagax of a decrease in the credit 
rating of Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt to below Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) or 
below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below BBB- (in the case of Fitch). For the avoidance of 
doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt 
below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or, if applicable, below BBB- in the case of S&P or below 
BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent 
rating or below shall not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case

--- Page 85 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes

--- Page 86 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 87 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 88 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
relevant Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, two Authorised Signatories 
of the Guarantor stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together 
with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption

--- Page 89 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Amount(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Where the Optional Redemption 
Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the relevant 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such 
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any 
or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported 
to the relevant Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption 
Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the 
date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination Agent may consider 
to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such time) at the Reference 
Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual 
or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank, financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and Undated 
Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 1998, as 
amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not 
reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield

--- Page 90 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Determination Agent; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to 
the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then

--- Page 91 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at 
its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Change 
of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) 
at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date 
of redemption or purchase.

--- Page 92 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor having failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least one-
fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a Change of Control Put 
Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of 
the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes) at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, on any 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)) at the place of such specified office falling 
within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less that the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, this Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of this Note under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of 
Control (Change of Control Put)) the holder of this Note must, within the Change of Control Put 
Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and instead treat 
its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as 
the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the seventh 
Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the last 
day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Put Date).

--- Page 93 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event 
or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a Change 
of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have received notice thereof 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Conditions: 
a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert shall acquire (A) shares in the issued or allotted 
share capital of Sagax carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable 
at a general meeting of Sagax or (B) the power to appoint or remove the majority of the 
members of the board of directors of Sagax (each such event being, a Change of Control); 
and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
Investment Grade Rating) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of Sagax) and, within the Change of 
Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or withdraws 
its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the Change of Control Period (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of Sagax) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of 
Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ 
to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control 
or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control shall 
have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee of any such written confirmation, the relevant 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Sagax shall determine the rating designations of Moody's, 
S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior

--- Page 94 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) shall be construed accordingly. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has publicly 
announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, rating (such 
public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of Control), the later 
of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public 
announcement; 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of Control Put Event 
Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) Sagax does not, prior to or not later 
than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout 
the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or (ii) if 
Sagax does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at least 
investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end of the Change of Control 
Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Trustee that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-
/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control or the 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at 
such time); 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or on 
behalf of Sagax, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential 
bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other rating 
agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by Sagax from 
time to time and approved by the Trustee in writing; and 
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Clean-up Call 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 75 per 
cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Conditions 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and/or 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) or purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases), the relevant Issuer may, having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms 
to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not 
some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 95 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a decimal; 
and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer

--- Page 96 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
(Issuer Par Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)), 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) or 7.7 (Clean-Up 
Call) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(b) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden or the Netherlands; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to a 
holder of Notes or Coupons affiliated to Sagax NL within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) in effect as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Sagax NL, 
Sagax or Sagax EUR) or the Netherlands (in the case of payments by Sagax NL or by Sagax 
in respect of Notes issued by Sagax NL) (or, in either case, any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other jurisdiction (or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) to which payments made 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of principal and interest on the Notes become generally 
subject; and

--- Page 97 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but 
in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(b) to 10.1(e) (other than 
the winding up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) and 10.1(f) to (h) inclusive below, 
only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that such 
event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing 
to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided 
in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the 
case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if Sagax fails to maintain the Consolidated Coverage Ratio in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b) (Financial Covenants) and such breach continues for 90 days; 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 
days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the service by the Trustee on the 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of written notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(d) 
 if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of 
default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due 
date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any security 
given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries for any 
Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same; or (iv)

--- Page 98 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
default is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries in 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Financial Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event described in this 
subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when 
aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Financial Indebtedness and/or other 
liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, 
amounts to at least 1 per cent. of the Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries, save for 
the purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst 
solvent on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of any 
reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent or on 
terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material 
Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official 
is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material 
Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of 
an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries (or their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit 
of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) ceases to be a 
subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect; or 
(k) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in the 
Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e) to (j) 
above.

--- Page 99 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
continuing for the purposes of this Condition 10.1 (Events of Default) is an Event of Default that has 
not been waived or remedied; 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such steps, actions or 
proceedings against the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
steps, actions or proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons 
unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by 
the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed (i) fails so to do within 60 days of 
being bound so to proceed, or (ii) is unable for any reason to do so and the failure or inability shall be 
continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Sagax: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose rental revenue (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, as the case 
may be, consolidated rental revenue of the Group, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Sagax acquired after the 
end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated financial 
statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned financial statements 
as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant 
audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by Sagax; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of Sagax which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 5 per

--- Page 100 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) 
not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as 
referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material 
Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless 
immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case 
aforesaid, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated rental 
revenue, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. 
of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to 
this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but 
so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary 
on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after 
such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of Sagax (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) that in their 
opinion a Subsidiary of Sagax is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or 
evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to

--- Page 101 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given 
to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been 
given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying

--- Page 102 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous substitute 
under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any 
company being a Subsidiary of Sagax, subject to: 
(a) 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Sagax; and 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous substitute 
under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any 
company being a Subsidiary of Sagax, subject to: 
(a) 
the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND 
DETERMINATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing 
by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons in 
certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-
fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal

--- Page 103 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any such meeting and whether or not they voted 
on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification 
of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or 
any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may agree, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. 
Additionally, the relevant Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(f), vary or amend these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described 
in Condition 5.2(f) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out 
in Condition 5.2(f). 
16.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever 
their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant 
given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding on 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any modification or 
substitution shall be notified by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS CONTRACTING 
WITH THE ISSUERS AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
17.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, 
including (i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. 
The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding

--- Page 104 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by 
considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by the 
Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence 
satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the 
value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or 
the validity and effectiveness of the security. The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or opinion or any advice of any accountants, 
financial advisers, financial institution or other expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their 
liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered 
into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. 
The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, opinion, confirmation or 
certificate or advice and such report, opinion, confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding 
on the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
17.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce 
its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for 
any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
17.3 
Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to 
any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it 
would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such 
legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any 
applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in 
that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 105 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and 
the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(a Dispute) and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2 (Submission to jurisdiction), the relevant Issuer waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer irrevocably appoints Swedish Trade & Invest Council at 5 Upper Montagu Street, 
London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in 
relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Swedish Trade & Invest Council being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person approved by the 
Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The relevant Issuer 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuers and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in 
terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 106 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate purposes 
of the Group, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically to finance a portfolio of eligible assets in 
line with the Green Finance Framework (as defined below) (Eligible Projects). Such Notes may also be 
referred to as Green Bonds. 
Sagax intends that the eligible assets will belong to the following categories: 
(i) 
newly constructed properties, acquired properties, refurbished properties or existing properties that 
either have or will fulfil the requirements of at least one of the following certificates systems and that 
has an energy usage which is at least 15 per cent. below applicable legislation: 
• 
Miljöbyggnad Silver – minimum certification; 
• 
BREEAM Very Good – minimum certification; 
• 
BREEAM-in use Very Good – minimum certification; 
• 
LEED Gold – minimum certification; or 
• 
the equivalent in another certification system; 
(ii) 
refurbishment of existing buildings that lead to a 20 per cent. increase in energy efficiency. 
Investments include energy retrofits such as the installation of more efficient ventilation or heating 
systems, replacing fuse ratings and adjusting light controls and light fittings; or 
(iii) 
onsite installation of solar panels in order to increase the share of renewable energy used within the 
Sagax property portfolio are eligible to improve energy efficiency and to support the aim to increase 
the share of renewable energy used in the properties and to decrease the share of fossil fuels. 
Sagax's Green Finance Framework (the Green Finance Framework) is available at: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2021-10/Sagax%20Green%20Finance%20Framework.pdf 
The Second-Party Opinion from CICERO dated 4 December 2019 (the Second-Party Opinion) is available 
at: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/2021-10/Second%20Opinion.pdf 
Sagax may amend or update the Green Finance Framework in the future. Any change to the Green Finance 
Framework would be publicly announced. The Green Finance Framework, including any changes thereto, will 
be available on Sagax's website at https://www.sagax.se/sustainability/green-finance-framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion are, nor shall 
either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Sagax intends to make, and keep, publicly available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issuance of any Green Bonds to the Eligible Projects. Sagax intends to provide a "Green 
Finance Investor Report" on an annual basis. Sagax intends that this report will include a list of eligible assets 
in the green portfolio, the type of certification of Eligible Projects, the amount outstanding for each category 
of Eligible Projects, information on the split of the proceeds of any issuance of Green Bonds between new

--- Page 107 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
financing and re-financing, a description of selected project(s) financed in the green portfolio, geographical 
distribution of projects financed in the green portfolio and unallocated amounts. Sagax intends to report on 
quantitative impact indicators where feasible and relevant data information is available. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such reports will not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 108 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SAGAX EUR 
General Information 
Sagax EUR's legal and commercial name is Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ), its corporate registration number 
is 559209-9690 and it was incorporated on 12 June 2019. Sagax EUR is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sagax. 
Sagax EUR is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket). Sagax EUR is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject to the Swedish 
Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). Sagax EUR's registered office is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 
Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone number of Sagax EUR is +46 (0)8 545 83 540. 
The authorised share capital of Sagax EUR is EUR 60,000 and is represented by 60,000 shares having a 
nominal value of EUR 1 each. The share capital of Sagax EUR is fully subscribed and paid up by Sagax, as 
the sole shareholder. 
Sagax EUR is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the 
Group. The principal activities of Sagax EUR are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and 
intra-group arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial 
instruments. 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Sagax EUR is made up of David Mindus, Björn Garat and Agneta Segerhammar. 
For further information, see "Description of AB Sagax – Board of Directors, Management and Auditors". 
The business address of the directors is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of Sagax EUR 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young AB have been appointed as Sagax EUR's auditors and Jonas Svensson, an authorised auditor, 
was appointed as the auditor in charge. 
Jonas Svensson is member of FAR, the professional institute for the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Hamngatan 26, Box 7850, Stockholm 111 47, Sweden.

--- Page 109 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SAGAX NL 
General Information 
Sagax NL's legal and commercial name is Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. Sagax NL was incorporated as a private 
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under and subject to 
the laws of The Netherlands on 17 June 2020. Sagax NL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sagax. 
Sagax NL's corporate seat (statutaire zetel) is in Rotterdam, The Netherlands and it is registered with the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce under number 78311764. Sagax NL's registered office is situated at Weena 738 A, 14e 
verdieping - zuidzijde, 3014DA Rotterdam, The Netherlands and its telephone number is +31103035445. 
The authorised share capital of Sagax NL is EUR 0.01 and is represented by one share. Sagax is the sole 
shareholder. 
Sagax NL is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. 
The principal activities of Sagax NL are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-
group arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial 
instruments. 
Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Sagax NL is made up of Anthonie Hendrik den Boef, Vincent Spruijt and Björn 
Garat. Anthonie Hendrik den Boef and Vincent Spruijt are employees in Sagax's Dutch offices and for further 
information on Björn Garat, see "Description of AB Sagax – Board of Directors, Management and Auditors". 
The business address of the directors is Weena 738 A, 14e verdieping - zuidzijde, 3014DA Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of Sagax NL 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP have been appointed as Sagax NL's auditors. 
The auditor who will sign the auditor's reports on behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a member of 
the Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP's address is Boompjes 258, Rotterdam 3011XZ, The Netherlands.

--- Page 110 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF AB SAGAX 
General Information 
Sagax's legal and commercial name is AB Sagax (publ), its corporate registration number is 556520-0028 and 
it was incorporated on 14 July 1995 (initially under the name Effnet Group AB (publ)). The business of Sagax 
was founded in its current form in 2004, when Effnet Group AB (publ) (originally operating as a software 
solutions company) acquired 19 properties and management operations through a non-cash issue. The focus 
of the business was changed to property operations and the company changed its name to AB Sagax (publ). 
Sagax is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket). Sagax is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject to the Swedish 
Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The seat of Sagax's board of directors (the Board) is in 
Stockholm. Sagax's registered office is at Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone 
number of Sagax is +46 (0)8 545 83 540. 
Sagax is a property company whose principal business is to invest in commercial properties, primarily in the 
urban logistics and light industry sectors. Pursuant to Sagax's articles of association, as amended at its annual 
general meeting on 11 May 2022, the object of Sagax's business shall be to, "directly or indirectly own, manage 
and trade in immovable property and conduct related activities". 
Group Structure 
Sagax is the ultimate parent company of the Group. Sagax's operations mainly consist of owning shares in the 
operating subsidiaries and therefore it is dependent on its subsidiaries' ability to generate profits. As of 31 
December 2021, the Group consisted of 361 subsidiaries, of which 166 are located in Finland, 126 are located 
in Sweden, 56 are located in The Netherlands, 7 are located in France, 6 4 are located in Spain and 2 are located 
in Denmark. 
 
In addition, Sagax owns 50 per cent. of Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, Söderport Holding AB and Hemsö 
Intressenter AB, which in turn owns 30 per cent. of Hemsö Fastighets AB. For further information see 
"Changes in the Property Portfolio - Joint Ventures". No properties are owned by Sagax. 
Goals and Strategy 
The Group's overriding goal is the long-term generation of the maximum risk-adjusted return for its owners. 
To reach this goal, the Group has set the following business targets: 
• 
operations must generate a long-term sustainable return and strong cash flow; 
• 
continued growth through property acquisitions, whilst taking into account risk-adjusted returns; and 
• 
create cash flow growth from the Group's existing property portfolio, which shall rise more than 
inflation. 
Management strategy 
Attracting and keeping reputable and creditworthy tenants 
The Group pursues efficiency and a long-term approach in its management strategy. The Group endeavours to 
attract reputable and creditworthy tenants. The management of Sagax reviews the creditworthiness of current 
and potential tenants carefully according to internal assessment criteria. The management of Sagax also works 
actively to agree lease extensions in advance. The focus of its strategy is reaching long term lease agreements 
with creditworthy tenants rather than seeking to maximise rent levels at any given time. This is regarded by 
management as being more advantageous since it reduces the risk of vacancies, while leading to reduced costs 
for letting premises and adapting premises to tenant needs.

--- Page 111 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
To reduce risk exposure to utility price fluctuations, the majority of the Group's leases are such that the tenant 
accounts for the cost of such items as heating, electricity, property tax, water and sewage, in addition to 
contractual rent. This strategy limits the extent to which such leases are affected by changes in consumption 
or price fluctuations for utilities such as heating, electricity, property tax, water and sewage. 
Investing in core areas 
The Group invests primarily in urban logistics and light industrial properties generating a high cash yield in 
regions experiencing stable population growth that have diversified business activities. The Group's exposure 
to the rental market is concentrated in Stockholm and Helsinki, which are the markets in the Nordic region 
which management regard as offering the best potential for long-term growth due to a low rate of new 
production and stable occupancy rates. The risk of a decline in occupancy rates and rent levels due to a weaker 
rental market is regarded as low, in view of the stable demographic growth and the diversified business 
operations in these regions. For further information see "- Property Portfolio". The stable population and 
diversified economy in these areas should mitigate the risk of a decline in the Group's occupancy rates and 
rent levels. 
The Group invests in add-on acquisitions (i.e. properties of a similar type to its existing property portfolio) and 
in its existing properties. The Group's management takes an opportunistic approach to new investment 
depending on the identification of suitable investment properties and is actively involved in the decision-
making process with respect to any new acquisition of property. The management of the Group looks 
predominantly to purchase properties with existing buildings on-site, an existing lease agreement and a 
creditworthy tenant in place. A comparatively small amount of investment activities occurs on a case-by-case 
basis for developing existing facilities, according to customer demand. Property acquisitions and investments 
in the existing portfolio aim to increase cash flow and diversify rental revenue, thereby aiming to reduce 
operational and financial risk for the Group. 
Sustainability activities 
The Group's work with sustainability issues is a natural part of operations as it helps to achieve the Group's 
goals. The Group's strategy ensures that the Group's operations are consistently conducted with a long-term 
focus, which ensures sustainability issues are considered. 
Sagax is incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and so its default 
purpose, in accordance with the main rule (Chapter 3, Section 3) of the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), is to produce a profit for distribution to its shareholders. Sagax's opinion is that 
the profit objective does not conflict with sustainable enterprise as being a good employer, a good supplier and 
a well-liked customer while ensuring that the Group conducts itself in an acceptable manner in society and 
attempts to limit its environmental impact are all fundamental conditions for the Group's long-term ability to 
maximise profits for its shareholders. 
The planning, governance and monitoring of sustainability activities follow Sagax's organisational structure 
with well-defined delegation of responsibilities and authorities. This sustainability work is supported by 
policies, guidelines, overall objectives, external laws, rules and regulations. Sagax regards the precautionary 
approach of the Swedish Environmental Code and laws and regulations as minimum requirements. Sagax 
follows the ten principles of the UN Global Compact which encompass the areas of human rights, labour, 
environment and anti-corruption. 
Sagax's four focus areas for sustainability areas are: environmental and resource efficiency, business ethics, 
financial sustainability and professional and dedicated employees. These areas were identified based on the 
materiality analysis, Sagax's strategies, influence on the business environment and stakeholder expectations. 
Dividend strategy 
Sagax's dividend strategy is to distribute approximately one third of its annual profit from property 
management in dividend payments on common shares. In addition, the Board can propose the distribution of

--- Page 112 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
non-recurring profits to shareholders. Class D common shares carry entitlement to five times the total dividend 
of class A and class B shares, although this is limited to a maximum of SEK 2.0 annually per share. 
Competitors 
The warehouse and light industry sector is characterised by diversified ownership and a large proportion of 
owners use their own properties. The Group's competitors comprise several different investor categories, such 
as Swedish and foreign property funds, institutions and other property companies. 
The Group's main competitors in Sweden include listed Swedish property companies and unlisted property 
funds. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same segment as the Group include 
Castellum, Corem, FastPartner, Mileway and Stendörren. 
In Finland, ownership of warehouse and industrial premises is diversified, with several different types of 
owners, including small businesses, commercial property companies, funds and institutions from Finland and 
abroad. The Group's main competitors in Finland are unlisted property funds and, to a certain extent, Finnish 
institutions and one Swedish listed company. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same 
segment as the Group include NREP, Fennica Rahastot (Fennia Life insurance), OP Kiinteistöt (OP Group), 
EQ Asset Management Plc, Elite Asset Management Plc, Ilmarinen, Blackstone/Mileway, Logicor, UB Funds 
and Nyfosa AB. 
In France, the warehouse and light industry sector is characterised by diversified ownership and a large 
proportion of owners using their own properties. The Group's competitors comprise several different investor 
categories, such as French and foreign property funds, SCPI (closed-end funds) institutions and other property 
companies. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same segment as the Group include 
Valor, Mileway, Crossbay, M7, Argan (public real-estate investment trust), Proudreed, AEW's Logistis fund, 
Perial asset management, Stam Europe and Etche France. 
In The Netherlands, the light industrial real estate market is very diversified, with a variety of different owners 
including funds and institutions, both domestic and from abroad, as well as private and local investors and 
owner-occupiers. The Dutch light industrial market has become increasingly competitive during the last two 
years with various new investors entering the market, examples of which include UREP/Ares, 
Arrow/Cerberus, Highbrook, Dream, Crossbay, Cairn, Rothschild, Cairn, Tristan and Carnegie Fund in 
addition to established active investors in the segment such as M7, Blackstone/Mileway, Henley360 and Urban 
Industrial. 
In Spain, the warehouse and light industrial sector is characterised by granular ownership as owner-occupiers 
used to be common. However, in recent years the trend has gradually shifted to ownership by investors in three 
different categories: domestic investors such as Mahou and Grupo Clapé who focus on buying and promoting 
this type of assets, so-called Socimis (Spanish REITs) such as Merlin Properties, Axia and Lar and larger 
investment companies such as Cerberus, Blackstone and Prologis facilitating the professionalisation of the 
sector. 
Property Portfolio 
The figures in this section are according to the Group's property valuations and are unaudited. As at 31 
December 2021, the Group's property portfolio comprised 673 properties with a lettable area of 3,759,000 
square metres, of which 134,000 square metres was vacant. 
As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate market value of the property portfolio was SEK 46,067 million 
(representing an average of SEK 12,300 per square metre). The aggregate rental value (being actual rent 
received, plus estimated market rents for any vacant premises) of the portfolio was SEK 3,459 million, which 
was rented at an average economic occupancy rate (calculated as the percentage of contractual annual rent of 
the portfolio at the end of the period divided by total rental value of the portfolio at the end of the period) of 
96 per cent. leading to an aggregate rental revenue of SEK 3,459 million during the year ending 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 113 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
The table below shows geographic distribution of the Group's property portfolio as at 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
Year ending 31 December 2021 
Market area 
No. of 
properties 
Lettable 
area 
Market value 
Rental value 
Economic 
occupancy 
rate 
Rental 
revenue 
Other 
revenue 
Property Expenses(1) 
Net 
operating 
income 
(propertie
s) 
Yield(1) 
 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
 
Stockholm ................ 
80 
637,000 
11,755 
18,500 
721 
            
1,130  
95% 
667 
10 
112 
176 
565 
4.8% 
Helsinki...............  
72 
637,000 
9,076 
14,200 
735 
            
1,150  
96% 
665 
1 
133 
208 
533 
6.4% 
 
Finland, university 
cities ..................  
64 
427,000 
4,217 
9,900 
429 
            
1,000  
97% 
350 
1 
78 
183 
273 
7.9% 
Paris ...................  
97 
369,000 
4,678 
12,700 
390 
            
1,060  
96% 
321 
5 
81 
219 
245 
6.1% 
The Netherlands .....  
121 
571,000 
6,090 
10,700 
420 
            
740  
96% 
355 
5 
37 
64 
323 
5.9% 
Rest of Sweden ......  
30 
262,000 
2,001 
7,600 
154 
            
590  
98% 
150 
1 
11 
40 
141 
7.0% 
Rest of Finland ......  
67 
269,000 
2,054 
7,600 
180 
            
670  
99% 
217 
- 
23 
85 
194 
7.8% 
 
Madrid and 
Barcelona.............  
76 
259,000 
2,263 
8,700 
140 
            
540  
92% 
119 
- 
14 
55 
105 
4.9% 
Rest of Europe(2).....  
66 
328,000 
3,933 
12,000 
289 
            
880  
100% 
255 
- 
19 
59 
236 
6.7% 
Sub-total .............  
673 
3,759,000 
46,067 
12,300 
3,459 
920 
96% 
3,100 
23 
507 
135 
2,615 
6.0% 
Unallocated ..........  
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
43 
11 
-43 
- 
Total ..................  
673 
3,759,000 
46,067 
12,300 
3,459 
920 
96% 
3,100 
23 
550 
146 
2,573 
6.0% 
 (1) 
Expenses for property administration are included in recognised property expenses. 
 (2) 
Rest of Europe refers to Denmark, Germany, France (excluding Paris) and Spain (excluding Madrid and Barcelona). 
The focus of the portfolio is on the Stockholm and Helsinki regions, where, as at 31 December 2021, 45 per 
cent. of the portfolio's market value and 42 per cent. of the portfolio's rental value is concentrated (compared 
with a market value of 46 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 51 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and a 
rental value of 42 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 47 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
The Group has achieved many years of continuous growth of the underlying property portfolio along with an 
increased degree of geographical diversification. The table below shows the geographical distribution of the 
market value of the Group's property portfolio, and its development over time. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
  
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
 
 
2020 
2021 
 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Market Area 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm
 ........................................ 
5,683 
6,906 
7,939 
8,670 
9,822 
9,840 
10,522 
11,755 
Helsinki
 ........................................ 
2,544 
3,206 
4,362 
5,013 
6,333 
6,708 
6,771 
9,076 
Finland, university cities
 ........................................ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,732 
3,148 
3,180 
4,217 
Paris
 ........................................ 
57 
102 
967 
1,386 
1,995 
2,919 
3,465 
4,678 
The 
Netherlands
 ........................................ 
- 
- 
498 
850 
1,817 
2,982 
4,262 
6,090 
Madrid and Barcelona
 ........................................ 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,813 
2,263 
Rest 
of 
Sweden
 ........................................ 
2,712 
2,854 
2,406 
2,446 
2,392 
1,828 
1,886 
2,001 
Rest 
of 
Finland
 ........................................ 
1,475 
2,266 
3,174 
4,036 
2,373 
2,634 
2,527 
2,054 
Rest 
of 
Europe
 ........................................ 
907 
856 
1,283 
1,370 
1,560 
2,565 
3,093 
3,933

--- Page 114 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
The table and chart below show the development of the total market value of the property portfolio over time. 
 
As at 
31 December 
 
 
  
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
2021 
 
 
(SEK, billions) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total market value ................ 
13.4 
16.2 
20.6 
23.8 
29.0 
32.6 
37.5 
46.1 
 
 
 
The Group's Major Tenants 
As at 31 December 2021, the rental value attributable to the ten largest tenants corresponded to 24 per cent. of 
the total contractual rental revenue, distributed among 109 separate leases. The average term for these leases 
was 7.5 years. 
The single largest tenant is the US medical products group Baxter, which has operations in more than 100 
countries. As at 31 December 2021, Baxter accounted for 4.6 per cent. of the Group's contractual rental 
revenue. An additional four tenants each pay annual rent exceeding 2 per cent. of the Group's total annual 
10.8 
13.4 
16.2 
20.6 
23.8 
29.0 
32.6 
37.5 
46.1 
 -
 5.0
 10.0
 15.0
 20.0
 25.0
 30.0
 35.0
 40.0
 45.0
 50.0
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(SEK, billions)
Total market value

--- Page 115 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
rents. The five largest tenants in alphabetical order are Baxter Group, GM Food Iberica Kesko, Nokia and 
Saint Gobain. 
The chart below sets out the breakdown of the industry sectors of the Group's tenants by rental revenue as at 
31 December 2021. 
 
 
Average Lease Term 
The average lease term for the Group's aggregate portfolio was 5.1 years as at 31 December 2021 (compared 
to 5.1 years as at 31 December 2020 and 5.5 years as at 31 December 2019). The average lease terms are 
shorter in Stockholm and Helsinki, which have more liquid rental markets, high growth and a high degree of 
business diversification. The maturity structure as of 31 December 2021 is presented in the table below. 
As opportunities within the relevant markets change over time, the Group has increasingly acquired properties 
within metropolitan areas. The share of sale and leaseback transactions has also declined. Sale and leaseback 
transactions are more commonly subject to longer lease-terms with the former owner-occupier staying in the 
property as a tenant. Properties with central locations have a lower risk of re-letting and therefore shorter terms 
can be supported. The year of maturity and annual value of leases as at 31 December 2021 are set out in the 
table and chart below. 
 
Year of maturity of leases 
Area 
Contractual annual rent 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, millions) 
(share, per cent.) 
2022 ................................................................................................................. 
494,000  
491  
15  
2023 ................................................................................................................. 
414,000  
408  
12  
2024 ................................................................................................................. 
391,000  
406  
12  
2025 ................................................................................................................. 
677,000  
493  
15  
2026 ................................................................................................................. 
281,000  
255  
8  
Past 2026 
1,368,000 
1,271 
38 
Total ................................................................................................................ 
3,625,000  
3,324  
100

--- Page 116 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
 
 
The average lease term as at 31 December 2021 for the Group's leases by market area is set out below. 
Market area 
No. of 
properties 
No. of leases 
Lease term 
 
 
 
(years) 
Stockholm ........................................................................................................ 
80 
441 
4.2 
Helsinki ............................................................................................................ 
72 
374 
4.9 
Finland, university cities .................................................................................. 
64 
314 
4.2 
Paris ................................................................................................................. 
97 
395 
3.8 
The Netherlands ............................................................................................... 
121 
226 
5.5 
Madrid and Barcelona ...................................................................................... 
76 
78 
3.0 
Rest of Sweden ................................................................................................ 
30 
26 
7.7 
Rest of Finland ................................................................................................. 
67 
78 
5.4 
Rest of Europe ................................................................................................. 
66 
77 
8.7 
Total/average .................................................................................................. 
673 
2,009 
5.1 
Lease Activities 
Rent levels are determined by prevailing market rates, however, they are subject to contractual index-linked 
adjustments above an agreed base level. 
The chart below shows that the Group had a low tenant turnover rate of 4.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 
(on a 12-month rolling basis). The turnover rate was calculated as the contractual annual rent for vacating 
tenants during the year in relation to average contractual annual rent for the year. The chart below describes 
the historic tenant turnover rate and includes the rate during the 12-month period ending 31 December 2021. 
The chart shows the Group's tenant turnover rate of 3.4 per cent. on average (from 2009 to 2021) meaning that 
the rate of retention in respect of tenants whose lease agreements expire is close to 97 per cent. on average 
during the past thirteen years. 
 
 
491 
408 
406 
493 
255 
229 
183 
269 
74 
180 
29 
55 
52 
-
41 
160 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
2036 >2036
Contractual rent, SEK 
millions
Lease maturity profile

--- Page 117 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 
Vacancy Rates 
Change in economic vacancy rate 
The economic occupancy rate amounted to 96 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 95 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2020). 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the vacancy value rose by SEK 134 million (compared to SEK 128 
million during the year ended 31 December 2020) due to tenants vacating premises and declined by SEK 159 
million (compared to SEK 123 million during the year ended 31 December 2020) due to new lettings. 
Discounts provided on a fixed-term basis amounted to SEK 37 million during the year ending 31 December 
2021 (compared to SEK 35 million during the year ending 31 December 2020). The terms for the discounts as 
at 1 January 2022 are described in the table at "-Terms for discounts provided" below. As at 31 December 
2021, Stockholm and Helsinki accounted for 49 per cent. (compared to 66 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) 
of the vacancy value. The rental markets in Stockholm and Helsinki have shorter lease terms and the turnover 
of tenants is higher, thus leading to relocation vacancies. The closing vacancy value as at 31 December 2021 
was SEK 135 million (compared to SEK 159 million as at 31 December 2020). The properties with vacancies 
that were acquired in 2021 increased the vacancy value by SEK 11 million. The closing vacancy value was 
reduced by SEK 14 million due to property sales. 
At 31 December 2021, the total vacancy rate in the portfolio in terms of area was 4 per cent. (compared to 5 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
Future vacancy changes 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, notices of termination had been served for leases with a rental 
value of SEK 107 million (compared to SEK 68 million during the year ending 31 December 2020), of which 
notices of vacating the premises accounted for SEK 105 million (compared to SEK 68 million during the year 
ending 31 December 2020) and of which notices of renegotiation accounted for SEK 2 million (compared to 
none during the year ending 31 December 2020). Of the leases for which notice of vacating the premises had 
been received, vacancies corresponding to SEK 55 million will occur in 2022, SEK 33 million will occur in 
2023 and SEK 17 million will occur in 2024 or thereafter. The rate of vacating premises is described in the 
table at "-Vacancy Changes" below. New lettings that have not yet been occupied reduced the adjusted vacancy 
value by SEK 34 million as at 31 December 2021 (compared to SEK 17 million as at 31 December 2020). 
The adjusted closing vacancy value as at 31 December 2021 was SEK 207 million (compared to SEK 210 
million as at 31 December 2020). SEK 71 million (compared to SEK 51 million as at 31 December 2020) was 
2.5%
3.7%
3.1%
3.2%
3.8%
2.0%
2.1%
3.2%
3.2%
4.1%
3.7%
4.7%
4.3%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
2.0%
2.5%
3.0%
3.5%
4.0%
4.5%
5.0%
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Tenant turnover rate

--- Page 118 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
due to the aforementioned increase in notice of vacating premises, but which have not yet been vacated and 
new lettings which remain unoccupied. 
Vacancies as at 1 January 2022 
The table below sets out the Group's total properties owned and vacancies as at 1 January 2022. 
Area 
No. of 
propertie
s 
Lettable 
area 
Rental 
value 
Vacancy 
value(1) 
Economic 
vacancy 
rate(1) 
Vacant 
area 
Vacancy 
rate by 
area 
 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
 
(square 
metres) 
 
Stockholm ...............................  
80 
637,000 
721 
   
39  
5% 
14,000 
2% 
Helsinki...................................  
72 
637,000 
735 
   
27  
4% 
31,000 
5% 
The Netherlands ......................  
121 
571,000 
420 
   
19  
4% 
19,000 
3% 
Paris ........................................  
97 
369,000 
390 
   
17  
4% 
18,000 
5% 
Finland, university cities .........  
64 
427,000 
429 
   
15  
3% 
12,000 
3% 
Madrid and Barcelona .............  
76 
259,000 
140 
   
12  
8% 
29,000 
11% 
Rest of Finland ........................  
67 
262,000 
180 
   
2  
1% 
3000 
1% 
Rest of Sweden .......................  
30 
269,000 
154 
   
4  
1% 
6,000 
2% 
Rest of Europe(2) .....................  
66 
328,000 
289 
   
1  
0% 
3,000 
1% 
Total .......................................  
673 
3,759,000 
3,459 
   
135  
4% 
134,000 
4% 
 ____________________  
(1) The vacancy value and vacancy rate take into account vacancies as well as discounts provided to tenants. 
(2) As of 2020, Madrid and Barcelona are reported as a separate market area, it was previously reported under Rest of Europe. 
Terms for discounts provided 
The table below sets out the value of discounts provided by the Group as at 1 January 2022. 
Year of expiry 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
2022 ................................................................................................................................. 
22 
2023 ................................................................................................................................. 
9 
2024 ................................................................................................................................. 
4 
2025 ................................................................................................................................. 
1 
2026 ................................................................................................................................. 
0 
Past 2026 ......................................................................................................................... 
1 
Total ................................................................................................................................ 
37 
 
Vacancy Changes 
The table below sets out vacancy changes for the Group during the years ending 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020. 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Opening vacancy for each period .............................................................. 
159 
135 
Vacancies .................................................................................................. 
134 
128 
New lettings .............................................................................................. 
-159 
-123 
Change in discounts provided ................................................................... 
2 
13 
Vacancy value, acquired properties ........................................................... 
11 
11 
Vacancy value, sold properties .................................................................. 
-14 
-1 
Demolition of buildings ............................................................................ 
- 
-

--- Page 119 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change in exchange rates .......................................................................... 
2 
-3 
Closing vacancy value ............................................................................. 
135 
159 
 
Terminated for renegotiation ..................................................................... 
 
 
Terminated lease, not vacated ................................................................... 
2 
- 
New letting, not occupied ......................................................................... 
105 
68 
Adjusted closing vacancy value .............................................................. 
-34 
-17 
Leases terminated for vacancy 
The table below sets out the rental value of leases that have been terminated and the year of their anticipated 
vacancy. As the termination is subject to certain notice periods, the premises remain occupied until the 
termination date is reached. 
The table below shows the rental value of leases terminated during the year ending 31 December 2021. 
 
Year of vacancy 
No. of leases 
Rental value 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
2021 .......................................................................................................... 
50 
55 
2022 .......................................................................................................... 
10 
33 
2023 .......................................................................................................... 
2 
5 
2024 .......................................................................................................... 
4 
4 
2025 .......................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Past 2025 .................................................................................................. 
2 
8 
Total ......................................................................................................... 
68 
105 
Changes in the Property Portfolio 
Investments in existing portfolio during the year ending 31 December 2020 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, the Group invested SEK 658 million (compared to SEK 666 million 
during the year ending 31 December 2020) in its existing property portfolio, of which SEK 207 million 
(compared to SEK 297 million during the year ending 31 December 2020) was invested in Stockholm and 
SEK 236 million (compared to SEK 237 million during the year ending 31 December 2020) in Helsinki. SEK 
72 million (compared to SEK 47 million during the year ending 31 December 2020) of the investments 
pertained to the adaptation of premises on behalf of existing tenants in return for compensation in the form of 
an increased rent level and longer leases. SEK 145 million (compared to SEK 123 million during the year 
ending 31 December 2020) was invested in connection with new lettings. SEK 225 million (compared to SEK 
324 million during the year ending 31 December 2020) was invested in new builds during the year ending 31 
December 2021 and SEK 153 million (compared to SEK 123 million during the year ending 31 December 
2020) was invested in periodic maintenance. During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 26 
million was invested in solar power facilities and SEK 19 million was invested in other energy-saving 
investments. In addition, corrective maintenance in an amount of SEK 74 million (compared to SEK 79 million 
during the year ending 31 December 2020) was required during the year ending 31 December 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had contractual undertakings in a maximum amount of SEK 25 million 
concerning future tenant improvements for the year ending 31 December 2022. 
The table below sets out details of the Group's investments in its current property portfolio during the year 
ending 31 December 2021. 
Area 
Investment 
Percentage 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
Stockholm ................................................................................................. 
207 
31 
Helsinki..................................................................................................... 
236 
36 
Netherlands ............................................................................................... 
46 
7 
Finland, university cities ........................................................................... 
47 
7 
Paris .......................................................................................................... 
23 
3

--- Page 120 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Area 
Investment 
Percentage 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
Rest of Finland .......................................................................................... 
31 
5 
Rest of Sweden ......................................................................................... 
31 
5 
Rest of Europe .......................................................................................... 
6 
1 
Madrid and Barcelona ............................................................................... 
31 
5 
Total.......................................................................................................... 
658 
100 
The table below sets out details of the reasons for the Group's investments in its current property portfolio 
during the year ending 31 December 2021. 
Area 
Investment 
Percentage 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
New buildings ........................................................................................... 
225 
34 
Increase in rental revenue ......................................................................... 
72 
11 
New leasing .............................................................................................. 
145 
22 
Maintenance .............................................................................................. 
106 
16 
Solar power ............................................................................................... 
26 
4 
Other energy saving .................................................................................. 
21 
3 
Property Acquisitions 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, Sagax invested SEK 5,483 million (compared to SEK 6,251 million 
during the year ending 31 December 2020) of which property acquisitions accounted for SEK 4,824 million 
(compared to SEK 5,585 million during the year ending 31 December 2020). 
SEK 4,669 million was invested abroad corresponding to 97 per cent. of the total property acquisitions during 
the year ending 31 December 2021. During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of 89 properties were 
acquired with a total lettable area of 97,582 square metres. 
Property Sales 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, 89 properties with a total lettable area of 98,000 square meters and 
an aggregate sales price of SEK 1,340 million were divested. 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, 55 properties with an aggregate sales price of SEK 1,456 million 
were divested. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Stockholm 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 109 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 378 million were divested in 
this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in the rest of Sweden 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, three properties were acquired with 7,400 square meters of lettable 
area that were subsequently divested to Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, which is a joint venture together 
with NP3 Fastigheter AB. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Helsinki 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 971 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 83 million were divested in 
this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Finland's university cities 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 1,095 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 97 million were divested in 
this market area.

--- Page 121 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Acquisitions and Sales in rest of Finland 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 88 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 743 million were divested in 
this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Paris 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 667 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in The Netherlands 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 1,039 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 22 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2021. For the same period, a property with a sale price of SEK 3 million was divested in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Madrid and Barcelona 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 268 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in the rest of Europe 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 541 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Joint ventures 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Sagax owns 50 per cent. of Söderport Holding AB, with the remaining 
share owned by Nyfosa Group. Sagax also owns 50 per cent. of Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, with the 
remaining share owned by NP3 Fastigheter AB. Through Hemsö Intressenter AB (which Sagax also owns 50 
per cent. of), Sagax indirectly owns 15 per cent. of Hemsö Fastighets AB, with the remaining share owned by 
the Third Swedish National Pension Fund. Sagax also owns 25.9 per cent. of the votes and 25.4 per cent. of 
the capital of Fastighetsbolaget Emilshus AB and 21.8 per cent. of the voting rights and 15.3 per cent. of the 
capital of NP3 Fastigheter AB. 
Sagax's profit from property management in joint ventures amounted to SEK 713 million during the year 
ending 31 December 2021 (compared to SEK 565 million during the year ending 31 December 2020). Sagax's 
share of changes in the value of properties amounted to SEK 2,464 million (compared to SEK 759 million 
during the year ending 31 December 2020) and the share of changes in the value of fixed-income derivatives 
was SEK 108 million during the year ending 31 December 2021 (compared to a negative SEK 18 million 
during the year ending 31 December 2020). During the year ending 31 December 2021, the total value of the 
commitment associated with ownership of joint ventures amounted to SEK 9,818 million (compared to SEK 
6,833 million during the year ending 31 December 2020). 
Sagax's joint ventures and associated companies, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are set out in the table 
below. 
 
Joint ventures and associated companies 
Corporate 
registration number 
Hemsö Intressenter AB .................................................................................................................................  
556917-4336 
Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra ..................................................................................................................  
559235-3667 
Söderport Holding AB ..................................................................................................................................  
556819-2230 
NP3 Fastigheter AB ......................................................................................................................................  
556747-1963 
Fastighetsbolaget Emilshus AB ....................................................................................................................  
559164-8752

--- Page 122 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
Key financial and other information for Söderport Holding AB, Hemsö Intressenter AB and 
Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra is set out in the tables below. 
 
 
Söderport 
Hemsö 
Sierra 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No. of properties .................................................. 
83 
82 
441 
392 
33 
37 
Rental value (SEK, millions) ................................ 
901 
899 
3,899 
3,429 
86 
91 
Properties' market value (SEK, millions) .............. 
12,882 
11,909 
75,737 
62,240 
1,429 
1,440 
Lettable area (square metres) ............................... 
743,000 
778,000 
2,218,000 
2,005,000 
181,000 
203,000 
Lease term (years) ............................................... 
4.6 
4.8 
9.6 
9.9 
6.6 
6.8 
Economic vacancy rate (%) ................................. 
5 
6 
2 
2 
- 
- 
Interest-bearing liabilities (SEK, millions) ........... 
6,209 
6,354 
42,498 
38,652 
786 
842 
Loan maturity (years) .......................................... 
2.4 
3.5 
6.8 
6.7 
2.9 
4.0 
Fixed-interest period (years) ................................ 
2.3 
3.1 
6.3 
6.2 
1.8 
3.2 
Market value of fixed-income derivatives (SEK, 
millions) ........................................................... 
-124 
-219 
161 
-231 
- 
- 
 
 
Söderport 
Hemsö 
Sierra 
 
Year ending 31 December 
Year ending 31 December 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sagax's participating interest (%) ........................ 
50 
50 
15 
15 
50 
50 
Rental revenue (SEK, millions) ........................... 
853 
818 
3,614 
3,270 
89 
5 
Profit from property management (SEK, 
millions) .......................................................... 
504 
466 
2,145 
1,810 
59 
3 
Profit for the year (SEK, millions) ....................... 
1,900 
844 
8,189 
3,333 
109 
49 
Sagax's share of comprehensive income for the 
year (SEK, millions) 
905 
404 
1,158 
431 
60 
19 
Sagax's share of profit from property 
management (SEK, millions) ........................... 
236 
217 
271 
223 
30 
1 
Finance and Capital Structure 
Funding strategy 
The Group pursues highly capital-intensive operations. Access to capital is an essential condition for the 
development of a successful property business. Assets totalled SEK 62,472 million as at 31 December 2021 
(compared with SEK 46,622 million as at 31 December 2020). Operations are funded using a combination of 
shareholders' equity, interest-bearing liabilities and other liabilities. In aggregate, shareholders' equity and 
interest-bearing liabilities corresponded to 92 per cent. of the Group's financing as at 31 December 2021 
(compared with 91 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
Equity amounted to SEK 31,079 million at 31 December 2021 and interest bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 
26,354 million. 
Funding 
Financial expenses amounted to SEK 447 million during the year ending 31 December 2021 (compared with 
SEK 481 million during the year ending 31 December 2020), representing the largest operational expense. As 
at 31 December 2021, the interest coverage ratio was 6.5 (compared with 5.7 as at 31 December 2020), while 
the debt ratio was 42 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (compared with 43 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
The financial structure is designed with a clear focus on operating cash flow and interest coverage ratio. The 
Group endeavours to have well-balanced fixed-interest and capital maturity profiles to secure its operating 
cash flow. The average fixed-interest period was 4.0 years as at 31 December 2021 (compared with 3.4 years 
as at 31 December 2020). This fixed-interest period reduces interest-rate sensitivity but leads to a higher 
average interest rate than a shorter fixed interest period.

--- Page 123 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the average loan maturity period was 4.3 years (compared with 3.4 years as at 31 
December 2020), which is viewed as offering a low refinancing risk, considering the Group's debt ratio and 
position in general. During the 12 months following 31 December 2021, a total of SEK 95 million (compared 
with SEK 770 million during the 12 months following 31 December 2020) is to be repaid. 
In addition to the Group's long-term debt, Sagax has three commercial paper programmes in the aggregate 
amount of SEK 2,500 million, EUR 500 million and EUR 200 million to provide liquidity on. The Group's 
working capital, excluding prepaid rental revenue and including listed shares, was SEK 1,173 million as at 31 
December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the Group's unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 7,399 
million. The utilisation of these credit commitments is not conditional on the Group providing any additional 
security. 
As at 31 December 2021, 1 per cent. of the Group's outstanding debt was in the form of secured bank debt, 
zero per cent. of the Group's outstanding debt was in the form of unsecured bank debt, 88 per cent. unsecured 
bonds and 11 per cent. commercial paper. The Group does not have any secured bond debt. 
The following chart shows the breakdown of debt finance according to type as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Sources of financing
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 the Group had an aggregate of SEK 189 million in outstanding secured debt, and 
SEK 26,165 million in outstanding unsecured debt, as shown in the following chart. 
Distribution between secured and unsecured liabilities

--- Page 124 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
The table below shows the maturity profile of outstanding interest-bearing debt as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
Interest bearing debt  
Loan maturity until year 
SEK millions 
proportion 
2022 .......................................................................................................................... 
95 
0 
2023 .......................................................................................................................... 
2,353 
9 
2024 .......................................................................................................................... 
6,535 
25 
2025 .......................................................................................................................... 
4,138 
16 
2026 .......................................................................................................................... 
0 
0 
>2026 ........................................................................................................................ 
13,232 
50 
Total ......................................................................................................................... 
26,354 
100 
 
The average interest rate – including credit margins, coupons and the effect of interest rate derivatives – on 
the Group's interest-bearing liabilities was 1.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
To limit the interest rate risk and increase the predictability of the Group's profit from property management, 
interest rate caps and swaps are utilised. The total notional value as at 31 December 2021 was SEK 2,802 
million, of which interest rate swaps with an average interest rate of 1.3 per cent. accounted for SEK 2,802 
million. 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are set out below, along with details of each 
member's shareholdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2021. The business address of each of the members of 
the Board is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Holdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2021 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Class D shares 
 
Staffan Salén .............  
1967 
Chairman 
4,264,928 
32,970,660 
95,600 
 
Filip Engelbert ...........  
1969 
Board member 
241,000 
1,869,784 
4,200,000 
 
David Mindus ............  
1972 
Board member, 
managing director 
10,848,800 
66,917,112 
1,192,228 
 
Johan Thorell .............  
1970 
Board member 
203,254 
2,332,540 
158,912 
 
Ulrika Werdelin .........  
1969 
Board member 
49,322 
1,005,690 
264,513

--- Page 125 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Holdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2021 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Class D shares 
 
Johan Cederlund ........  
1970 
Board member 
-  
154,160 
13,359 
 
 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Board. 
 
Johan Cederlund 
Board member since 2010 and a Member of the Board's Remuneration 
Committee. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden 
and law at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chairman of Lotorp, an industry and trade group, and chairman and board 
member of various companies within the Lotorp group. 
Filip Engelbert 
Board member since 2007 and a Member of the Board's Remuneration 
Committee. 
Education: 
Babson College, the US. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chairman of Kroppens Hus AB, Stellar Equipment AB, Karmalicious AB, 
Tiptapp AB, Ivato AB. Board member of Matterhorn AEH AB, and its 
subsidiaries Otiva J/F AB, Vatio AB and Aviot AB.Previously chief 
executive officer of Avito AB. 
 
David Mindus 
Board member and managing director of Sagax since 2004 and a Member 
of the Board's Remuneration Committee. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Board member of Hemsö Fastighets AB. 
Staffan Salén 
Board member since 2004 and chairman of the Board since 2016. Member 
of the Board's Audit and Remuneration Committees. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chief executive officer of Salénia AB, chairman of the board of Ework 
AB, Amapola AB and Westindia AB. Board member of companies 
including Strand Kapitalförvaltning AB, Landauer Ltd and Green 
Landscaping AB. 
Johan Thorell 
Board member since 2004 and a Member of the Board's Audit and 
Remuneration Committees. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chief executive officer of Gryningskust Holding AB, Board member of 
Tagehus Holding AB, Hemsö Fastighets AB, Storskogen Group AB, 
Kallebäck Property Investors AB, K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter 
AB and Nicoccino Holding AB. 
Ulrika Werdelin 
Board member since 2010 and a Member of the Board's Remuneration 
Committee. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden.

--- Page 126 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Other relevant positions: 
CEO and leadership consultant, Lind Leadership Ltd. Previously Chief 
Platform Officer for Accel, a global venture capital firm based in London 
and Silicon Valley. Prior to that, 25 years in various investment funds and 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International 
Senior Management 
Sagax's senior management team, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is set out below along with details of 
each senior manager's shareholdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
Holdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2021 
 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Class A 
shares 
Class B shares 
Class D 
shares 
 
Warrants (Class B 
shares) 
David Mindus ...............  
1972 
Board member, 
managing director 
10,848,800 
66,917,112 
1,192,228 
 
-  
Björn Garat ...................  
1975 
Head of finance and 
deputy managing 
director 
121,530 
1,824,578 
329,099 
 
63,358 
Agneta Segerhammar ...  
1963 
Chief financial officer 
-               22,158  
-  
 
55,377 
Set out below are brief biographies of Sagax's senior management team. 
 
David Mindus 
Please refer to "– Board of Directors" above. 
Björn Garat 
Head of finance and deputy managing director of Sagax since 2012. 
Education: 
International economics and business at Linköping University, Sweden. 
Professional experience: 
Head of corporate finance at Remium Nordic AB and financial analyst. 
Agneta Segerhammar 
Chief financial officer of Sagax since 2018. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Uppsala University, Sweden. 
Professional experience: 
Chief financial officer and deputy managing director at A Group of Retail 
Assets Sweden AB (publ), finance director at Steen & Ström, chief 
financial officer at Areim, Kista Galleria and JLL. Previously an auditor at 
PwC. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the Board members or senior management in 
respect of Sagax and their private interests or other duties. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the criteria set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate 
Governance: 
• 
there are no conﬂicts of interest between the Board or management on the one hand and the company 
on the other hand; 
• 
each of Filip Engelbert, Johan Thorell, Ulrika Werdelin and Johan Cederlund are independent in 
relation to Sagax, the senior management and Sagax's largest shareholders; 
• 
Staffan Salén is independent in relation to Sagax and the senior management but not Sagax's largest 
shareholders; and

--- Page 127 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
• 
David Mindus, Sagax's managing director, is not independent in relation to Sagax, the senior 
management or Sagax's largest shareholders. 
Nomination Committee and Board Committees 
Nomination Committee 
Sagax's annual general meeting, held on 11 May 2022, resolved to assign the Chairman of the Board to contact 
the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes, pertaining to directly registered 
shareholders and nominee-registered shareholders, according to Euroclear's transcript of the shareholders' 
register as at 30 September 2021 and ask each to appoint one representative, plus the Chairman of the Board, 
to constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed 
according to authorisation from the next annual general meeting. The majority of the members of the 
Nomination Committee are to be independent in relation to Sagax and its management. At least one of the 
Nomination Committee's members must be independent in relation to Sagax's largest shareholder or the group 
of shareholders, in terms of votes, that works together in respect of the administration of Sagax. The managing 
director or another member of executive management must not be a member of the Nomination Committee. 
Board Members may be appointed to the Nomination Committee but are not to constitute a majority of its 
members. If more than one Board Member is appointed to the Nomination Committee, at least one of them is 
required to be dependent in relation to Sagax's major shareholders. The Nomination Committee is to elect its 
chairman from among its own members. The Chairman of the Board or any other Board member is not to be 
elected chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee announced on 9 November 2021 
has the following composition: 
• 
Björn Alsén, representing David Mindus and companies; 
• 
Håkan Engstam, representing Rutger Arnhult and companies; 
• 
Erik Salén, representing the Salén family and companies; and 
• 
Staffan Salén, Chairman of the Board. 
The Nomination Committee has, in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code, decided on a diversity policy for election to the Board. The 
policy states that "The Board must have an appropriate composition in terms of expertise and experience. It is 
considered important that members are also shareholders in the company. It is of the utmost importance that 
the selection of members is non-discriminatory on the grounds of sex, transgender identity or expression, 
ethnicity, religion or other belief, disability, sexual orientation and age." The Nomination Committee held 
two minuted meeting and also maintained contact by telephone and email. 
Remuneration Committee 
At its statutory meeting on 5 May 2021, the Board appointed a Remuneration Committee consisting of the 
entire Board. The Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Remuneration Committee. The 
task of the Remuneration Committee is to prepare issues concerning remuneration and other terms and 
conditions of employment for Sagax's management. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting about 
remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Audit Committee 
The members of the Audit Committee, which was appointed at the Board's statutory meeting on 5 May 2021, 
are Johan Thorell and Staffan Salén. The Audit Committee meets Sagax's auditors three times per year. The 
Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Audit Committee. The task of the Audit 
Committee is (in respect of each member of the Group) to maintain and increase the efficiency of contacts 
with the Group's auditors, exercise supervision over accounting and financial statements procedures, evaluate 
the auditors' work and monitor the development of accounting policies and requirements. The Audit

--- Page 128 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Committee held three minuted meetings with the auditor in 2021, as well as one minuted meeting in 2022. 
During these meetings, topics including the auditors' examination of Sagax's financial reporting and internal 
controls were presented and discussed. The auditors' observations and opinions were subsequently reported to 
the Board.  
Auditors 
At Sagax's annual general meeting, held on 11 May 2022, the authorised accounting firm Ernst & Young AB 
was re-appointed as Sagax's auditors and Jonas Svensson, an Authorised Public Accountant, was appointed as 
the signing auditor in charge, each to serve for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
Jonas Svensson is member of FAR, the professional institute for the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Hamngatan 26, Box 7850, Stockholm 111 47, Sweden. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, Sagax had a total of 87 employees. 
As at 31 December 2021, Sagax had three outstanding warrant incentive programs for its employees (Incentive 
programmes for 2019 to 2022, 2020 to 2023 and 2021 to 2024), which each have a duration of three years. As 
at 31 December 2021, Sagax's employees held warrants corresponding to 0.5 per cent. of the number of 
common shares outstanding. Sagax's managing director and Board members are not part of the incentive 
programmes. 
Shareholders 
Equity 
Sagax had three classes of shares as at 31 December 2021: Class A common shares, Class B common shares 
and Class D common shares. Sagax's outstanding share capital, as at 31 December 2021, amounted to SEK 
780,351,117 distributed across 26,832,854 Class A common shares, 292,820,741 Class B common shares 
(including 2,000,000 shares held in treasury by Sagax) and 126,261,329 Class D common shares. All shares 
are issued and fully paid for. Each Class A common share entitles the holder to one vote and each Class B 
common share and Class D common share entitle the holder to one tenth of one vote. 
Sagax's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap. As at 31 December 2021, Sagax had 22,978 
shareholders.

--- Page 129 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Major Shareholders 
The largest shareholders in Sagax as at 31 December 2021 are set out in the table below. 
 
Largest shareholders, 31 December 2021(1) 
  
No. of Shares 
Percentage of 
Class A  
Class B  
Class D  
 
Share  
Votes(2) 
Shares 
Shares 
Shares 
 
Capital 
David Mindus and companies 
10,848,800 
66,917,112 
1,192,228 
17.7 
25.8 
Staffan Salén and companies 
4,264,928 
32,970,660 
95,600 
 
8.4 
11 
 Rutger Arnhult and companies 
5,797,053 
6,342,938 
17,385,738 
 
6.6 
11.9 
Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund 
5,716 
16,267,423 
10,021,678 
 
5.9 
3.8 
Third Swedish National Pension Fund 
– 
24,927,658 
– 
 
5.6 
3.6 
SEB Fonder 
– 
12,578,849 
– 
 
2.8 
1.8 
Avanza Pension 
49,699 
737,312 
11,229,666 
 
2.7 
1.8 
Vanguard 
– 
5,898,303 
3,667,507 
 
2.1 
1.4 
Länsförsäkringar Fonder 
– 
8,529,678 
– 
 
1.9 
1.2 
BlackRock 
– 
6,466,097 
10,729 
 
1.5 
0.9 
  Filip Engelbert and companies 
241,000 
1,869,784 
4,200,000 
 
1.4 
1.2 
Swedbank Robur Fonder 
500,000 
5,651,800 
– 
 
1.4 
1.6 
Norges Bank 
– 
3,793,967 
1,775,800 
 
1.2 
0.8 
Erik Selin and companies 
1,081,866 
2,367,116 
1,656,868 
 
1.1 
2.2 
ODIN Fonder 
– 
3,955,739 
– 
 
0.9 
0.6 
Handelsbanken Fonder 
– 
3,100,570 
539,803 
 
0.8 
0.5 
AMF Pension & Fonder 
– 
2,875,326 
– 
 
0.6 
0.4 
Johan Thorell and companies 
203,254 
2,332,540 
158,912 
 
0.6 
0.7 
Folksam 
– 
2,661,471 
– 
 
0.6 
0.4 
Nordnet Pensionsförsäkring 
19466 
395,684 
2,186,855 
  
0.6 
0.4 
Total 20 largest shareholders 
23,011,782 
210,640,027 
54,121,384 
 
64.5 
72.2 
Other shareholders 
3,821,072 
80,180,714 
72,139,945 
  
35.0 
27.8 
Sub-total 
26,832,854 
290,820,741 
126,261,329 
 
99.6 
100.0 
Treasury held by Sagax 
– 
2,000,000 
– 
  
0.4 
0 
Total  
26,832,854 
292,820,741 
126,261,329 
 
100.0 
100.0 
of which, Board and employees  
15,741,274 
108,349,815 
6,650,092 
  
29.3% 
39.7% 
 ____________________  
(1) 
Ownership structure as at 31 December 2021 is based on information from Monitor and Euroclear Sweden. 
(2) 
Voting rights for treasury shares held by Sagax have been excluded. 
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is currently involved in one tax proceeding in Sweden in relation to the Swedish Tax Agency's 
decision, regarding Sagax's acquisition of a company with loss carry-forwards, to deny the acquired company 
(Firethorne AB) deductions for a portion of such company's loss carry-forwards. 
In respect of Firethorne AB, the Swedish Tax Agency, in a tax assessment notice dated 7 December 2017 with 
regards to the taxation year of 2015, denied the company a deduction for its loss carry-forwards of 
approximately SEK 1,166 million. Firethorne AB appealed the decision but in a ruling on 7 February 2019, 
the Administrative Court upheld the Swedish Tax Agency's decision. Firethorne AB has appealed the 
Administrative Court's ruling. 
Sagax believed that the Tax Agency's decision was incorrect and therefore appealed the Administrative Court's 
ruling to the Administrative Court of Appeal. On 19 October 2021, the Administrative Court of Appeal upheld 
Firethorne AB's appeal. Save as disclosed above, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which Sagax is aware), which may have, 
or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Group.

--- Page 130 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Recent Developments 
First Quarter Results 
A brief summary of Sagax's consolidated results taken from the interim report of Sagax for the three months 
ended 31 March 2022 (which contains the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the three 
months ended 31 March 2022) is set out below: 
• 
Rental revenue increased 21 per cent. to SEK 885 million (SEK 731 million for the three months ending 
31 March 2021). 
• 
Profit from property management increased 23 per cent. to SEK 786 million (SEK 637 million for the 
three months ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution rose 26 per cent. to SEK 2.27 
(SEK 1.80 for the three months ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
Revaluation of properties impacted profit by a total of SEK 864 million (SEK 1,381 million for the three 
months ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
Revaluation of financial instruments impacted profit by a total of SEK 233 million (SEK 226 million for 
the three months ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
Profit after tax for the period amounted to SEK 1,581 million (SEK 2,157 million for the three months 
ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
Cash ﬂow from operating activities before changes in working capital amounted to SEK 670 million (SEK 
414 million for the three months ending 31 March 2021), corresponding to SEK 1.91 (SEK 1.10 for the 
three months ending 31 March 2021) per Class A and B share after dilution. 
• 
Net investments amounted to SEK 1,116 million (SEK 971 million for the three months ending 31 March 
2021), of which property acquisitions accounted for SEK 964 million (SEK 1,055 million for the three 
months ending 31 March 2021). 
• 
On 31 March 2022, Sagax's property holdings comprised 690 properties with a lettable area of 3,847,000 
square metres. The property portfolio is concentrated in industrial and warehouse properties. 
• 
On 31 March 2022, Sagax's available credit facilities including back-up facilities for commercial paper 
programmes amounted to SEK 7,578 million. In addition, Sagax held SEK 402 million in cash on accounts. 
Sagax's cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK 472 million in the first quarter of 2022. 
Sagax has SEK 64 million in bank funding that falls due for payment in 2022, but no bond funding that 
falls due for payment in 2022. Contracted acquisitions that have not yet been closed amounted to SEK 
1,285 million on 31 March 2022. 
• 
The average economic occupancy rate on 31 March 2022 was 96 per cent. Rental revenue is distributed 
between 2,130 leases. 83 per cent. of revenue was attributable to 2,120 leases, each with a rental value of 
less than 1 per cent. of the company's rental revenue. Sagax's average rent losses amounted to less than 0.1 
per cent. of rental revenue during the 10-year period ending on 31 March 2022.

--- Page 131 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Rental revenue .............................................................................................................................  
3,100 
2,898 
Other revenue...............................................................................................................................  
23 
10 
Operating expenses ......................................................................................................................  
-250 
-232 
Maintenance costs ........................................................................................................................  
-74 
-79 
Property tax..................................................................................................................................  
-153 
-141 
Other property expenses ..............................................................................................................  
-73 
-60 
Net operating income (properties) ............................................................................................  
2,573 
2,397 
Central administration ..................................................................................................................  
-147 
-132 
Profit from joint ventures and associated companies ...................................................................  
2,718 
1,033 
- of which, profit from property management...............................................................................  
713 
565 
- of which, change in value of properties and financial instruments ............................................  
2572 
741 
- of which, tax ..............................................................................................................................  
-558 
-272 
- of which, other ...........................................................................................................................  
-9 
- 
Financial income ..........................................................................................................................  
113 
39 
Financial expenses .......................................................................................................................  
-419 
-455 
Financial expenses, interest component of leases .........................................................................  
-28 
-26 
Profit including profit of joint ventures and associated companies .......................................  
4,809 
2,857 
- of which, profit from property management...............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Change in value of properties, realised ........................................................................................  
6 
-30 
Change in value of properties, unrealised ....................................................................................  
3,870 
1,274 
Changes in value of financial instruments, realised .....................................................................  
-10 
1 
Changes in value of financial instruments, unrealised .................................................................  
1868 
228 
Profit before tax .........................................................................................................................  
10,543 
4,330 
Deferred tax .................................................................................................................................  
-624 
-511 
Current tax ...................................................................................................................................  
-112 
-108 
Profit for the period(1) ................................................................................................................  
9,807 
3,711 
Other comprehensive income - items that may be reversed to profit and loss: 
 
 
Translation differences for foreign operations .............................................................................  
282 
-693 
Share of other comprehensive income for joint ventures .............................................................  
8 
-13 
Translation differences pertaining to hedge accounting in foreign operations .............................  
-141 
355 
Tax on items that may be reversed to profit and loss ...................................................................  
6 
14 
Comprehensive income for the period(1) ...................................................................................  
9,963 
3,374 
 
 
 
Earnings per Class A and B share (SEK)......................................................................................  
30.09 
10.8 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) ................................................................  
30.04 
10.78 
Earnings per Class D share (SEK) ................................................................................................  
2 
2 
Average number of A and B common shares (millions) ...............................................................  
317.5 
317.1 
Average number of A and B common shares after dilution (millions) .........................................  
318.0 
317.7 
Average no. of Class D shares (millions) .....................................................................................  
126.2 
118.4 
 ____________________________  
(1) 
Profit for the period and comprehensive income are attributable in their entirety to Sagax's shareholders.

--- Page 132 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK, millions) 
ASSETS 
Fixed assets 
 
 
Investment properties ...................................................................................................................  
46,067 
37,264 
Investment properties for sale ......................................................................................................  
- 
284 
Site leaseholds, right-of-use assets ...............................................................................................  
355 
368 
Tangible fixed assets ....................................................................................................................  
22 
26 
Right-of-use assets, other fixed assets ..........................................................................................  
35 
26 
Participations in joint ventures and associated companies ...........................................................  
8,784 
5,945 
Receivables from joint ventures ...................................................................................................  
8 
41 
Financial receivables ....................................................................................................................  
714 
587 
Financial instruments ...................................................................................................................  
1,035 
888 
Total fixed assets ........................................................................................................................  
57,020 
45,429 
Current assets 
 
 
Rent receivables ...........................................................................................................................  
133 
123 
Prepaid costs and accrued income ................................................................................................  
207 
186 
Other receivables .........................................................................................................................  
256 
121 
Listed shares ................................................................................................................................  
4,772 
738 
Cash and bank balances ...............................................................................................................  
84 
24 
Total current assets ....................................................................................................................  
5,452 
1,193 
TOTAL ASSETS ........................................................................................................................  
62,472 
46,622 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital .................................................................................................................................  
780 
808 
Other contributed capital ..............................................................................................................  
3,578 
3,522 
Reserves, translation differences ..................................................................................................  
 
493 
338 
Retained earnings including profit/loss for the year .....................................................................  
26,228 
17,785 
Total equity .................................................................................................................................  
31,079 
22,452 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities .............................................................................................................  
23,368 
17,977 
Deferred tax liabilities ..................................................................................................................  
3,087 
2,476 
Financial derivatives ....................................................................................................................  
74 
118 
Lease liability ...............................................................................................................................  
390 
394 
Other non-current liabilities .........................................................................................................  
195 
145 
Total non-current liabilities .......................................................................................................  
27,114 
21,110 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities .............................................................................................................  
2,985 
1,851 
Accounts payable .........................................................................................................................  
32 
42 
Accrued expenses and deferred income .......................................................................................  
897 
737 
Other liabilities ............................................................................................................................  
364 
430 
Total current liabilities ..............................................................................................................  
4,279 
3,060 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................................................  
31,393 
24,170 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES ....................................................................................  
62,472 
46,622

--- Page 133 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
 
Profit before tax .........................................................................................................................  
10,543 
4,330 
Change in value of financial instruments .....................................................................................  
-1,858 
-228 
Change in value of properties ......................................................................................................  
-3,876 
-1,244 
Result from ownership of joint ventures and associated companies .............................................  
-2,718 
-1,033 
Dividend from joint ventures and associated companies ..............................................................  
373 
424 
Dissolution of allocated borrowing costs .....................................................................................  
41 
47 
Other items not included in cash flow ..........................................................................................  
-13 
-21 
Tax paid .......................................................................................................................................  
-146 
-55 
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital .................................  
2,346 
2,219 
Cash flow from changes in current receivables ............................................................................  
-71 
77 
Cash flow from changes in current liabilities ...............................................................................  
103 
260 
Cash flow from operating activities ..........................................................................................  
2,379 
2,557 
Acquisition of properties ..............................................................................................................  
-4,824 
-5,585 
Property sales ...............................................................................................................................  
867 
1,426 
Investments in existing properties ................................................................................................  
-658 
-666 
Acquisition of listed shares ..........................................................................................................  
-1,949 
-256 
Sales of listed shares ....................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Acquisition of financial instruments ............................................................................................  
-7 
-7 
Acquisition of joint ventures and associated companies ..............................................................  
-214 
-260 
Capital contribution to joint ventures and associated companies .................................................  
-271 
-150 
Lending to joint ventures and associated companies ....................................................................  
- 
-41 
Increase in other fixed assets........................................................................................................  
-16 
-10 
Decrease in other fixed assets ......................................................................................................  
50 
6 
Cash flow from investing activities ...........................................................................................  
-7,023 
-5,543 
Issue of Class D shares ................................................................................................................  
- 
508 
Issue of Class B shares, incentive plan .........................................................................................  
36 
20 
Dividend paid to shareholders ......................................................................................................  
-792 
-679 
Incentive Plan ..............................................................................................................................  
-24 
-9 
Borrowings ..................................................................................................................................  
13,997 
7,886 
Repayment of loans .....................................................................................................................  
-7,880 
-4,791 
Early redemption of financial derivatives ....................................................................................  
-21 
-8 
Increase in other non-current liabilities ........................................................................................  
11 
1 
Decrease in other non-current liabilities.......................................................................................  
-52 
- 
Cash flow from financing activities ..........................................................................................  
4,703 
2,926 
Cash flow for the year ................................................................................................................  
59 
-60 
Exchange rate differences in cash and cash equivalents ...............................................................  
- 
-2 
Change in cash and cash equivalents ...........................................................................................  
59 
-62 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period ........................................................................  
24 
86 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period ............................................................................  
84 
24

--- Page 134 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
Share 
capital 
Other 
contributed 
capital 
Reserves, 
translation 
differences 
Retained 
earnings, 
including 
profit for 
the year 
Total equity 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Equity, 31 December 2019(1) .................................................  
776 
3,046 
675 
14,760 
19,257 
Dividends ................................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
-697 
-697 
Rights issue of Class D common shares ..................................  
32 
481 
- 
- 
513 
Transaction costs ....................................................................  
- 
-5 
- 
- 
-5 
Issue of Class B shares, incentive plan ....................................  
1 
19 
- 
 
20 
Incentive Plan .........................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
5 
5 
Redemption of Incentive Plan .................................................  
- 
- 
- 
-14 
-14 
Profit for 2020 
- 
- 
 
3,711 
3,711 
Comprehensive income, January-December 2020 ..................  
- 
- 
-337 
 
-337 
Equity, 31 December 2020(1) .................................................  
808 
3,542 
338 
17,765 
22,452 
Dividends ................................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
-776 
-776 
Issue of Class B shares, incentive plan ....................................  
1 
36 
- 
- 
36 
Incentive plan..........................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
7 
7 
Redemption of Incentive Plan .................................................  
- 
- 
- 
-31 
-31 
Redemption of preference shares 
-29 
 
 
-543 
-571 
Transaction costs ....................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
-1 
-1 
Profit for 2021 
- 
- 
- 
9,807 
9,807 
Comprehensive income, January-December 2021 ..................  
- 
- 
155 
- 
155 
Equity, 31 December 2021(1) .................................................  
780 
3,578 
493 
26,228 
31,079 
 ____________________  
 (1) Equity is attributable in its entirety to Sagax's shareholders.

--- Page 135 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Selected Key Performance Indicators 
Financial Guidelines 
The Group's financial guidelines are derived from its financial policy and financial goals, which are subject to 
review by the board of Sagax once a year. The financial guidelines include the following thresholds to be 
considered in pursuing the Group's financial operations: 
1. an interest coverage ratio of no less than 3.0; 
2. a debt ratio of not higher than 50 per cent.; 
3. a net debt to EBITDA ratio of no more than 8.0; 
4. return on equity is targeted to be equal to or above 15 per cent. (for the period and, if applicable 
recalculated to reflect a twelve-month period) on average during a five-year period; and 
5. the profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution is targeted to increase by at 
least 15 per cent. per annum. 
The table below shows the above performance measures as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020: 
 
Sagax's 
Internal 
Guideline 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
Interest coverage ratio (multiple) .................................................................................. 
≥ 3.0 
6.5 
5.7 
Debt ratio ...................................................................................................................... 
50% 
42% 
43% 
Net Debt / EBITDA ratio (multiple).............................................................................. 
≤8.0 
5.8 
6.4 
Return on equity, average during a five-year period ..................................................... 
≥ 15 % 
37% 
18% 
Increase of profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution ... 
≥ 15 % 
21% 
20% 
 
Selected key performance indicators other than those forming part of the Group's financial guidelines as 
presented above are depicted in the below table. The table below shows the profit from property management, 
market values and property yields as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Profit from property management (SEK, millions) ...............................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK)(1) ...............  
7.99 
6.62 
Property yield .......................................................................................................................  
6.0% 
6.3% 
Return on total capital...........................................................................................................  
6.0% 
6.6% 
Surplus ratio .........................................................................................................................  
83% 
83% 
Consolidated coverage ratio .................................................................................................  
9.4 
6.4 
 _____________  
(1) Calculated on a 12 month rolling basis and compared with the same period of the previous year. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December

--- Page 136 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution, (SEK) ..............................................  
97.92 
 
66.38 
Properties' market value (SEK, millions) ..............................................................................  
46,067 
 
37,548 
Equity/assets ratio .................................................................................................................  
50% 
 
48% 
Consolidated solvency ratio ..................................................................................................  
27% 
 
38% 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Sagax applies the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures. Alternative performance measures refer to financial measures of historical or future earnings trends, 
financial position, financial results or cash flows that are not defined or stated in the applicable rules for 
financial reporting, which in Sagax's case is IFRS, as endorsed by the EU. The basis of the alternative 
performance measures provided is that they are used by Sagax's management to assess the financial 
performance of the Group and thus are considered to provide valuable information to shareholders and other 
stakeholders. 
Debt ratio 
Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period in relation to total assets at the end of the period. The debt 
ratio is a key performance measure relevant for assessing financial risk.  
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution 
The Earnings per Class A and B share is the profit in relation to the average number of Class A and B shares 
after taking into account the portion of profit for the period represented by dividends on Class D shares. 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution is not an alternative performance measure. 
EBITDA 
Net operating income (properties) less central administration costs plus dividends received from joint ventures. 
Sagax uses EBITDA so that the EBITDA/Net debt key performance indicator shows financial risk. 
Economic occupancy rate 
Contractual annual rent as at the end of the period as a percentage of rental value as at the end of the period. 
This key performance indicator shows the economic degree of utilisation of the Group's properties. 
Net asset value 
Recognised equity according to the balance sheet with reversal of reserves for fixed-income derivatives, 
deferred tax on temporary differences on property values and deferred tax on reserves for fixed-income 
derivatives. This key performance indicator is an established indicator of the Group's net asset value that 
facilitates analyses and comparisons. 
Interest coverage ratio 
Profit from property management, excluding profit from property management from joint ventures but 
including dividends from joint ventures, after reversal of financial expenses in relation to financial expenses. 
The key performance indicator shows financial risk. 
Lease term 
This represents the remaining term of a lease. The key performance indicator shows the risk of future 
vacancies.

--- Page 137 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
Net debt 
Interest-bearing liabilities less interest-bearing assets, cash and cash equivalents, and listed shares. The key 
performance indicator shows the Group's indebtedness. 
Net debt according to EMTN programme 
Interest-bearing liabilities less listed securities and cash and cash equivalents. The key performance indicator 
shows the Group's indebtedness.  
Profit from property management 
Profit excluding changes in value and tax. This represents an indicator of the earnings generation in the 
operations, excluding changes in value. 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution 
This is calculated as the profit from property management for the period (recalculated to 12 months, if the 
relevant period is less than 12 months), reduced by dividends on Class D shares and preference shares, divided 
by the average number of Class A and B shares after dilution. This represents an indicator of the earnings 
generation of the assets, excluding the changes in value accruing to holders of Class A and B shares. 
Rental value 
The contractual annual rent applicable directly after the end of the period, with supplements for estimated 
market rents for vacant premises. This key performance indicator shows the Group's income potential. 
Return on equity 
This represents the profit for the period (recalculated to 12 months, if the relevant period is less than 12 
months), as a percentage of the average equity (calculated by aggregating the opening and closing balances, 
and then dividing them by two for the period). This key performance indicator shows how shareholders' 
capital yields interest during the period. Return on total capital 
This represents the profit for the period (recalculated to 12 months, if the relevant period is less than 12 
months), after net financial items after reversal of financial expenses as a percentage of average total assets for 
the period. This key performance indicator shows the ability to generate earnings on the Group's assets, 
excluding financing costs. 
Run rate EBITDA 
Net operating income (properties) in accordance with the current earnings capacity less central administration 
costs plus dividends received from joint ventures and associated companies. Sagax uses run rate EBITDA so 
that the EBITDA/Net debt run rate key performance indicator shows financial risk. It is important to note that 
the earnings capacity is not a forecast for the forthcoming 12 months because it does not contain assessments 
about, for example, future vacancies, the interest rate scenario, currency effects, rent trends or changes in value. 
For further information on the current earnings capacity please see "Current earnings capacity" on pages 43 
to 44 of the Sagax Annual Report 2021. 
Run rate yield 
Net operating income (properties) (including property administration) according to current earnings capacity 
and adding back site leasehold fees, as a percentage of the carrying amounts of the properties at the end of 
the period. This key performance indicator shows the earnings generation of the operations before financial 
expenses and central administration costs are taken into account. It is important to note that the earnings 
capacity is not a forecast for the forthcoming 12 months because it does not contain assessments about, for 
example, future vacancies, the interest rate scenario, currency effects, rent trends or changes in value. For

--- Page 138 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
further information on the current earnings capacity please see "Current earnings capacity" on pages 43 to 44 
of the Sagax Annual Report 2021. 
Surplus ratio 
Net operating income (properties) for the period as a percentage of rental revenue for the period. This key 
performance indicator shows the profitability of the properties. 
Property yield 
Net operating income (properties) for the period (including property administration) and adding back site 
leasehold fees, (recalculated at 12 months, if the relevant period is less than 12 months), adjusted for the 
holding periods of the properties during the period as a percentage of the carrying amounts of the properties 
as at the end of the period. This key performance indicator shows the earnings generation of the operations 
before financial expenses and central administration costs are taken into account.

--- Page 139 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
The calculation of alternative performance measures is presented in the tables below. 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Return on equity 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................  
9,807 
3,711 
Average equity ...........................................................................................................  
26,766 
20,855 
Return on equity (per cent.) .......................................................................................  
37% 
18% 
Return on total capital 
 
 
Profit from property management ..............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Financial expenses .....................................................................................................  
447 
481 
Profit before financial expenses .................................................................................  
3,252 
2,870 
Average total capital ..................................................................................................  
54,725 
43,388 
Return on total capital (per cent.) ...............................................................................  
6% 
7% 
Debt ratio 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................................................................  
26,354 
19,828 
Total assets .................................................................................................................  
62,472 
46,622 
Debt ratio (per cent.) ..................................................................................................  
42% 
43% 
Property yield 
 
 
Net operating income (properties) ..............................................................................  
2,573 
2,397 
Add-back of site leasehold fees ..................................................................................  
-26 
-25 
Holding adjustment, acquisitions/divestments ...........................................................  
139 
57 
Currency translation to closing rate ............................................................................  
44 
-67 
Adjusted net operating income (properties) ...............................................................  
2,730 
2,362 
Carrying amount of properties ...................................................................................  
46,067 
37,548 
Yield (per cent.) .........................................................................................................  
6.0% 
6.3% 
EBITDA rolling 12 months 
 
 
Net operating income (properties) ..............................................................................  
2,573 
2,397 
Central administration ................................................................................................  
-147 
-132 
Dividends from joint ventures and associated companies ..........................................  
373 
424 
EBITDA .....................................................................................................................  
2,799 
2,689 
Economic occupancy rate 
 
 
Contractual annual rent ..............................................................................................  
3,324 
2,865 
Rental value ...............................................................................................................  
3,459 
3,024 
Economic occupancy rate (per cent.) .........................................................................  
96% 
95% 
Run rate yield 
 
 
Net operating income (properties) according to current earnings capacity .................  
3,324 
2,370 
Add-back of site leasehold fees ..................................................................................  
-26 
-25 
Adjusted net operating income (properties) ...............................................................  
2,735 
2,345 
Carrying amount of properties ...................................................................................  
46,067 
37,548 
Run rate yield .............................................................................................................  
5.9% 
6.2% 
Run rate EBITDA 
 
 
Net operating income (properties) according to current earnings capacity .................  
2,761 
2,370 
Central administration ................................................................................................  
-147 
-132 
Dividends from joint ventures and associated companies ..........................................  
373 
424 
Run rate EBITDA ......................................................................................................  
2,987 
2,662 
Profit from property management 
 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................  
9,807 
3,711 
Tax .............................................................................................................................  
1,294 
891 
Changes in value ........................................................................................................  
-8,297 
-2,213 
Profit from property management ..............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Profit from property management ..............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Dividends attributable to preference and Class D shares ............................................  
-253 
-285 
Adjusted profit from property management ...............................................................  
2,552 
2,104 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) .......  
7.99 
6.62 
Lease term 
 
 
Contractual future rental revenue ...............................................................................  
16,782 
14,746 
Contractual annual rent ..............................................................................................  
3,311 
2,865 
Lease term (years) ......................................................................................................  
5.1 
5.1

--- Page 140 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Net debt 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................................................................  
26,354 
19,828 
Interest-bearing assets ................................................................................................  
-676 
-550 
Cash and cash equivalents and listed shares ...............................................................  
-9,464 
-2,164 
Net debt ......................................................................................................................  
16,214 
17,114 
Net debt according to EMTN programme 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................................................................  
26,354 
19,828 
Listed securities3 ........................................................................................................  
-9,380 
-2,140 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................................................................  
-84 
-24 
Net debt according to EMTN programme ..................................................................  
16,890 
17,664 
Consolidated solvency ratio 
 
 
Net debt according to EMTN programme ..................................................................  
16,890 
17,664 
Total assets .................................................................................................................  
62,472 
46,622 
Consolidated solvency ratio .......................................................................................  
27% 
38% 
Net debt/EBITDA 
 
 
Net debt ......................................................................................................................  
16,214 
17,114 
EBITDA .....................................................................................................................  
2,799 
2,689 
Net debt/EBITDA (multiple) ......................................................................................  
5.8 
6.4 
Net debt/run rate EBITDA 
 
 
Net debt ......................................................................................................................  
16,214 
17,114 
Run rate EBITDA ......................................................................................................  
2,987 
2,662 
Net debt/EBITDA run rate (multiple) .........................................................................  
5.4 
6.4 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................  
9,807 
3,711 
Dividends attributable to preference and Class D shares ............................................  
-253 
-285 
Adjusted profit after tax .............................................................................................  
9,554 
3,426 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) ..............................................  
30.04 
10.78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio 
 
 
Profit from property management ..............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Add-back of profit from property management JV ....................................................  
-713 
-565 
Dividend from joint ventures .....................................................................................  
373 
424 
Financial expenses .....................................................................................................  
447 
481 
Adjusted profit from property management ...............................................................  
2,912 
2,729 
Interest coverage ratio (multiple) ...............................................................................  
6.5 
5.7 
Consolidated coverage ratio 
 
 
Profit from property management ..............................................................................  
2,805 
2,389 
Financial expenses .....................................................................................................  
447 
442 
Financial income ........................................................................................................  
-113 
- 
Profit from property management before financial expenses .....................................  
3,139 
2,831 
Consolidated coverage ratio (multiple) .......................................................................  
9.4 
6.4 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Equity.........................................................................................................................  
31,079 
22,452 
Equity attributable to preference and Class D shares .................................................  
-4,419 
-4,940 
Reversal of derivatives ...............................................................................................  
74 
118 
Reversal of deferred tax, temporary differences .........................................................  
3,383 
2,590 
Reversals due to joint ventures ...................................................................................  
1,019 
881 
Net asset value ...........................................................................................................  
31,136 
21,101 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) .....................................  
97.92 
66.38 
Equity/assets ratio 
 
 
 
3 Includes listed shares in companies recognised as associated companies

--- Page 141 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Equity.........................................................................................................................  
31,079 
22,452 
Total assets .................................................................................................................  
62,472 
46,622 
Equity/assets ratio (per cent.) .....................................................................................  
50% 
48% 
Surplus ratio 
 
 
Net operating income (properties) ..............................................................................  
2,573 
2,397 
Rental revenue ...........................................................................................................  
3,100 
2,898 
Surplus ratio (per cent.)..............................................................................................  
83% 
83%

--- Page 142 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
This section is provided to the investors for reference only and contains information which was available to 
Sagax at the date of this Base Prospectus. As such, the information contained in this section may not accurately 
reflect the current state of the markets. 
Background 
As a property company, the Group is exposed to changes in the market for the leasing of premises. However, 
as at 31 December 2021, the Group had an economic occupancy rate of 96 per cent., with the rate at which 
leases expire spread out over a long term, which mitigates the Group's exposure to changes in the rental market 
as such changes are balanced in the immediate future. 
The Group's exposure to the rental market is greatest in Stockholm and Helsinki. These two rental markets are 
among those with the best potential for long-term economic growth in Europe. The risk of a decline in leasing 
rates and rent levels due to a weaker rental market is reduced because of the stable demographic growth and 
the diversified business operations in these regions. 
The Group is also exposed to the property investment market in particular with respect to asset values and 
growth opportunities, which is affected to a considerable extent by conditions in the credit market and the 
general economic outlook. 
Investment Market 
The market for warehouse and industrial properties previously constituted one of the smaller segments of the 
property market in the regions in which the Group operates. Interest in property investments with secure cash 
flows increased in 2020 and 2021, which meant that the warehouse and logistics segment accounted for 15 per 
cent. of the transaction volume in 2021. Still, relatively few investors specialise in warehouse and industrial 
properties, although interest in investing in the segment has increased markedly in recent years. 
A large proportion of the supply in the warehouse and industrial property market usually comprises user 
properties, properties in which the operating company also owns the property. The Group's strategy is to grow 
through acquisitions of new properties and these acquisitions are aimed at increasing cash flow and 
diversifying rental revenue. 
Transaction Market 
Factors driving interest in property investments include the general economic climate, interest rates and access 
to equity and loan financing. 
Sweden and Finland, two markets of interest for international property investments, accounted for 63 per cent. 
of the Group's property value as at 31 December 2021. 
In the Swedish property market, the total transaction volume involving commercial properties was worth about 
SEK 406 billion during the year ending 31 December 2021 (compared to SEK 209 billion during the year 
ending 31 December 2020). This makes 2021 the strongest transaction year to date. 4 
In the Finnish property market, the total transaction volume increased to approximately EUR 6.8 billion during 
the year ending 31 December 2021 (compared with EUR 5.8 billion during the year ending 31 December 
2020), of which EUR 910 million was in the warehouse and industrial segment (compared with EUR 350 
million during the year ending 31 December 2020). 5 
 
4 Source: Savills 
5 Source: Savills

--- Page 143 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
In France, the volume of commercial property transactions within the warehouse and industrial segment was 
worth EUR 6.5 billion6, in The Netherlands it was worth EUR 5.7 billion7 and in Spain it was worth EUR 2.6 
billion8, each during the year ending 31 December 2021. 
Rental Market 
The Group's primary exposure to the rental market is through its properties situated in Stockholm and Helsinki. 
Combined, these markets account for 42 per cent. of the Group's rental value as at 31 December 2021. In the 
Stockholm and Helsinki market areas, the average maturity of leases is 4.2 and 4.9 years, respectively, as at 
31 December 2021. Properties in Stockholm and Helsinki generally have leases with shorter terms, which 
means that vacating of premises, new leases and renegotiations of existing leases continuously take place. 
The property markets in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Barcelona and Madrid are among the European 
markets that, in the assessment of management of Sagax, offer the best potential for long-term growth. 
Randstad is the closely-knit metropolitan region of central Netherlands, where the four largest cities – 
Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht – are located. One of the characteristics of these markets is a 
limited supply of land for development of warehouse and industrial properties at the same time as centrally 
located areas for warehouse and industrial properties are being converted for other uses to meet increased 
demand for new housing, offices and retail premises resulting from the region's population growth. 
This supply and demand situation means that premises in the warehouse and light industry segment are 
expected to continue to report stable rent levels and high leasing rates. For further information, please see 
"Market Dynamics" below. 
According to the assessment of Sagax's management based on Eurostat data available, more populated areas 
are expected to have higher economic growth, stronger employment growth and higher population growth than 
less populated areas. This applies both nationally and at a European level. Cities have more developed 
economies with companies across a large number of industries and sectors and a wider range of culture, retail 
and education. The pattern also shows that larger regions (measured by regional gross domestic product (GDP 
or GRP)) are more affluent in terms of GDP per capita. As shown in the chart below titled "GRP and GRP per 
capita 2020", Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Barcelona and Madrid are among the most prosperous 
regions in Europe. The chart below is based on the European Union's subdivisions of countries and regions 
according to the population size, as reported through Eurostat. Each dot in the chart corresponds to a European 
region. More recent data than from 2020 is not yet available from Eurostat. 
According to information from Eurostat (and as analysed in a report by Evidens, a research specialist), with a 
regional GDP of EUR 75,300 per capita, Stockholm is the most affluent of the Group's market areas, followed 
by Paris with a regional GDP of EUR 64,000 per capita, Helsinki with a regional GDP of EUR 60,600 per 
capita, Randstad with a regional GDP of EUR 57,300 per capita, Madrid with a regional GDP of EUR 35,100 
per capita and Barcelona with a regional GDP of EUR 30,600 per capita. By comparison, the average of GDP 
in the 27 EU member countries is EUR 33,500 per capita. 
 
6 Source: Savills 
7 Source: Savills 
8 Source: Savills

--- Page 144 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
Source: Eurostat 
 
 
Source: SCB 
 
 
 
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
2.0%
< 10,000
10,000 - 50,000
50,000 -
100,000
100,000 -
500,000
> 500,000
No. of inhabitants
Precentage population growth in regions of Sweden 2000 -2021
Population growth
Share of Sagax's rental value
Sagax 0%
Sagax 1%
Sagax 1%
Sagax 2%
Sagax 97%
99%

--- Page 145 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
Source: Statistikcentralen  
 
 
Source: CBS and Evidens 
 
 
Source: INSEE  
-1.5%
-0.5%
0.5%
1.5%
< 10,000
10,000 - 50,000
50,000 -
100,000
100,000 -
500,000
> 500,000
No. of inhabitants
Precentage population growth in regions of Finland 2000 -2021
Population growth
Share of Sagax's rental value
Sagax 0%
Sagax 1%
Sagax 3%
Sagax 32%
Sagax 65%
97%
0.0%
0.1%
0.2%
0.3%
0.4%
0.5%
0.6%
< 500,000
500,000 -
1,000,000
1,000,000 -
1,300,000
1,300,000 -
2,600,000
> 2,600,000
No. of inhabitants
Precentage population growth in regions of The Netherlands
2000-2021
Population growth
Share of Sagax's rental value
Sagax 12%
Sagax 0%
Sagax 12%
Sagax 26%
Sagax 49%
75%
0.0%
0.1%
0.2%
0.3%
0.4%
0.5%
0.6%
0.7%
< 250,000
250,000 -
500,000
500,000 -
750,000
750,000 -
1,000,000
> 1,000,000
No. of inhabitants
Precentage population growth in regions of France 2000 -2021
Population growth
Share of Sagax's rental value
Sagax 0%
Sagax 0%
Sagax 2%
Sagax 1%
Sagax 98%
99%

--- Page 146 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
 
Source: INE 
 
Market Dynamics 
A combination of stable economic and population growth and restricted supply of premises as described in 
"Rental Markets" above corresponds with stable demand for premises in the warehouse and light industry 
sector. Stockholm and Helsinki have historically shown both strong population growth and healthy economic 
growth. Viewed in terms of relative population growth, Stockholm and Helsinki are among the most affluent 
regions in the EU that have experienced population growth since 2000 (see table below). Paris, Randstad, 
Barcelona and Madrid also show significantly higher growth than the median for all regions in the EU 
according to the table from Eurostat below. Population growth is highly significant for demand for warehouse 
and light industry premises. 
According to Eurostat, since 2000, the number of inhabitants in the Stockholm region has grown by an annual 
average of 1.4 per cent. In total, the number of inhabitants in the Stockholm region has risen by 32 per cent. 
from 2000 to 2021, corresponding to 594,430 people. 
The positive trend also applies to economic growth. The charts below show GRP per capita and annual regional 
GRP growth in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Madrid and Barcelona from 2000 to 2020. With annual 
GRP growth of 3.6 per cent. combined with a population growth of 1.4 per cent. since 2000, the Stockholm 
region, for example, is one of the most successful regions in the EU for such metrics. Helsinki, Paris and 
Randstad have also outperformed the EU average. 
 
-0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
1.0%
1.2%
< 250,000
250,000 -
500,000
500,000 -
1,000,000
1,000,000 -
3,000,000
> 3,000,000
No. of inhabitants
Precentage population growth in regions of Spain 2000 -2021
Population growth
Share of Sagax's rental value
Sagax 0%
Sagax 5%
Sagax 1%
Sagax 29%
Sagax 64%
93%

--- Page 147 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
Growth in the largest and most affluent regions has been favourable since 2000 in terms of both economic 
performance and population growth. Demand for housing, offices and retail premises increases in line with 
population growth. This is leading to existing warehouse and industrial properties being used for other 
purposes. While the supply of existing industrial and warehouse premises is declining, production of new 
premises of this type is limited. 
The tenant categories found in warehouse and light industry premises often have relatively low profit margins 
that do not allow room for the rent levels required for new premises in metropolitan regions. As a result, such 
companies look for areas with existing and less expensive premises. 
The supply of development land in prime locations is limited, while demand for housing, offices and retail 
premises is increasing. These factors lead to incentives for owners of warehouse and industrial properties to 
convert their premises to other uses and thus meet demand from stakeholders with a higher payment capacity. 
This pressure to convert means that the supply of premises for warehouse and light industry is declining per 
capita. The leasing rate for warehouse and industrial properties is thus expected to remain high in the 
foreseeable future in metropolitan regions with high population growth and stable economic development. 
Supply Changes in Stockholm 
An analysis was carried out by Evidens (based on data from Statistics Sweden) on the relationship between 
economic growth and subsequent conversion of warehouse and light industry premises to other uses in 
Stockholm. In previous years, an equivalent analysis was also conducted for Helsinki (based on data from 
Statistics Finland), the results of which correspond similarly with the trend in Stockholm. 
In Stockholm, 24 business zones with a focus on the property taxation categories of warehouses, light industry 
and industrial offices were studied during the period 1998–2021. The studied areas have been divided into 
three sub-markets: Central business districts, Inner suburbs and Outer suburbs (see map on next page). 
Between 1998 and 2021, the supply of warehouse, light industry and industrial offices in Stockholm increased 
by a total of 10 per cent. at the same time as population growth was 32 per cent. However, there are 
considerable differences in the change of supply figures between the various sub-markets. 
Central business districts showed a 38 per cent. decrease in supply during the period. The change in supply is 
particularly clear in Västberga and Hagalund, where warehouse, light industry and industrial offices have had 
to make way for homes and office buildings. Similarly, the supply of premises in Globen/Johanneshov will 
decline when what is known as Söderstaden is developed. 
In the inner suburbs, the supply of premises for light industry has declined by 41 per cent. at the same time as 
warehouse premises have grown by 26 per cent. In total, floor area has declined 5 per cent. in Stockholm's 
inner suburbs. In the outer suburbs, supply of light industrial and warehouse buildings has grown by 135 per 
cent. The growth is primarily attributable to newly produced logistics and warehouses facilities, primarily in 
the areas of Jordbro (southern Stockholm) and Rosersberg and Brunna (northern Stockholm). 
If the analysis is divided by type of premises, premises primarily for light industry have been divested or 
converted to other uses. The supply of premises for light industry in Stockholm has declined a total of 28 per

--- Page 148 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
cent. The supply of industrial offices has declined 7 per cent., while the supply of warehouse premises has 
increased 38 per cent. 
 
The below table shows the change in supply of premises in Stockholm from 1998 to 2021 during a period in 
which the population growth was +30 per cent. 
 
 
 
 
Source: SCB and Evidens 
Rent Trends 
The combination of population and GDP growth and minor changes in supply benefits the demand for premises 
in the warehouse and light industry segment. The rent trend for warehouse and industrial properties is stable 
(see charts below concerning inflation-indexed rents in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad & Amsterdam 
and Madrid & Barcelona). 
In Helsinki, rent levels have been rising moderately with minor fluctuations since 2008. However, the growth 
rate in Helsinki has been in line with that of Stockholm. The reported rent levels for Paris extends over the 
period 2007 to 2020 and demonstrates the stable rent levels for the warehouse and light industrial properties 
segment compared with offices.

--- Page 149 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
The charts below illustrate that rent trends for warehouse and industrial properties in the five regions correlate 
only slightly to rent trends for offices across the measurement period. This applies equally for leasing rates for 
warehouse and industrial properties, which generally show less variation over time compared with leasing 
rates for offices. The combination of healthy growth and minor changes in supply benefits the demand for 
premises in the warehouse and light industrial segment. Rent trends for warehouse and industrial properties 
are stable in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Madrid and Barcelona. These cities are considered to offer 
solid potential for long-term growth. The charts show the rent trend expressed in nominal terms.

--- Page 150 ---
- 140 -

--- Page 151 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDEN 
 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address the 
rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not 
described below. In addition, the summary does not address Notes that are held on an "investment savings 
account" (Sw. investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a specific tax regime. Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no and has not had any connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which does not carry out 
any business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount under a Note or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that 
such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the 
Notes are attributable. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal 
amounts under Notes or interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, a private individual may be liable to pay taxes in Sweden on a limited basis even 
if he/she is not resident in Sweden, providing that he/she has been resident in Sweden or has lived permanently 
in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of, or the ten calendar years preceding, a disposal or redemption 
of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for 
Swedish income tax purposes. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and 
other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes and thereby liable to pay taxes on an unlimited basis, i.e. on all income regardless of source, 
or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all income derived from capital assets (e.g. income that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal amounts under Notes is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax 
law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal amounts under Notes or interest. However, if 
amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an estate 
of a deceased person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally 
withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 152 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
THE NETHERLANDS 
 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, it is assumed that a holder of 
Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or - in the case of such holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in Sagax 
NL and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note has or will have a substantial 
interest in Sagax NL. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either alone 
or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have, or (b) certain relatives 
of such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have, (I) the 
ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or 
more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital 
of any class of shares of such company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating 
certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation 
proceeds of such company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, a non-resident entity has a deemed 
substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of 
a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding Notes, such 
reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in such 
Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of 
Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, 
foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar 
originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where this summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by Sagax NL under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of Sagax NL if such entity (i) is 
considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation 
on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en

--- Page 153 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in 
such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the 
recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a 
hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a 
qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and 
that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest 
been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income or 
a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8% in 2022). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from the 
Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50% in 2022) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits (other 
than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain otherwise qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 
2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the basis 
of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For 2022, the 
deemed return ranges from 1.82% to 5.53% of the value of the individual's net assets as at the beginning of the 
relevant fiscal year (including the Notes). The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of 
historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the deemed return will be taxed at the 
prevailing statutory rate (31% in 2022). 
Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 2021 
(ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current system of taxation based on a deemed return may under specific 
circumstances contravene with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights 
in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights. In reaction to this case law, 
the Dutch State Secretary for Tax Affairs and Tax Administration announced that for 2022 a new system of 
taxation based on a deemed return will be introduced with separate deemed return percentages for savings, 
debts and investments which may result in a lower taxable income or capital gain than under the current 
legislation if the newly calculated deemed return is lower than the deemed return based on current legislation. 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder derives 
profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or

--- Page 154 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain otherwise qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as 
defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance tax will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or 
on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions; 
or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue or acquisition of Notes, payments of principal and interest under the Notes, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands by a 
holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes, the execution, 
delivery or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) 
of the Notes or the performance of Sagax NL's obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, by reason 
only of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement 
of the Notes. 
OTHER DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Sweden and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if

--- Page 155 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 156 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Amended and Restated 
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) dated 8 July 2022, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers 
(failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 157 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 158 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and

--- Page 159 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the relevant Issuer may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon 
Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of 
any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the 
course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein Zero Coupon Notes are Notes that are 
in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does 
not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person

--- Page 160 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 161 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of 
Sagax only, the giving of the Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Sagax dated 29 August 2018, 27 June 2019, 26 June 2020, 26 May 2021 and 10 June 
2022; (b) resolutions of the Board of Directors of Sagax EUR dated 27 June 2019, 29 June 2020, 26 May 2021 
and 8 June 2022 and (c) resolutions of the Board of Directors of Sagax NL dated 25 June 2020, 27 May 2021 
and 8 June 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes is expected to be granted on or about 8 July 2022. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on https://www.sagax.se/financial-information/prospectus-
regarding-bond-loans: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of each of Sagax, Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (with an English translation 
thereof); 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms to this Base Prospectus. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection from the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent for the time being. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 162 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 
March 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Sagax since 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Sagax EUR since 
31 December 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of Sagax EUR since 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Sagax NL since 31 
December 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of Sagax NL since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on pages 14 and 119, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware), which 
may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Sagax have been audited without qualification for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by Ernst & Young AB (Ernst and Young) of Hamngatan 
26, Box 7850, Stockholm 111 47, Sweden who are authorised and regulated by the Swedish Inspectorate of 
Auditors – Revisorsinspektionen, and who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion 
of their audit reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements of Sagax EUR have been audited without qualification for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by Ernst & Young. 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, Rotterdam 3011 XZ, 
The Netherlands, have audited the financial statements of Sagax NL for the extended first financial year 17 
June 2020 to 31 December 2021 and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report thereon. The auditor 
signing the independent auditor's report on behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a member of the 
Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers and the

--- Page 163 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Guarantor or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and the Guarantor 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 164 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
ISSUERS 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
Engelbrektsplan 1  
114 34 Stockholm  
Sweden 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
Weena 738 A 
14e verdieping - zuidzijde  
3014DA Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
AB Sagax (publ)  
Engelbrektsplan 1  
114 34 Stockholm  
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Winchester House  
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB  
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Swedish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Cirio Advokatbyrå AB 
Mäster Samuelsgatan 20 
Box 3294 
SE-103 65 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Dutch law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE AmsterdamThe Netherlands 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 165 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To Sagax and Sagax EUR 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26, Box 7850, 
Stockholm 111 47 
Sweden 
To Sagax NL 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Boompjes 258 
Rotterdam 3011 XZ 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Danske Bank A/S 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
75009 Paris 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
France 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Swedbank AB (publ)  
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited  
Ten Earlsfort Terrace  
Dublin 2  
Ireland