--- Page 1 ---
This prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervision Authority (the “SFSA”) on 5 April 2024 
and is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval provided that this prospectus is supplemented in 
accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The obligation to supplement this prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
 
 
 
 
 
AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ) 
(The Swedish Covered Bond Corporation) 
 
PROGRAMME FOR CONTINUOUS ISSUANCE OF SWEDISH COVERED 
BONDS 
 
 
Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2(56) 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) relates to AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ)’s (The Swedish Covered Bond Corporation) (“SCBC” 
or the “Issuer”) programme for continuous issuance of Swedish covered bonds (Sw. svenska säkerställda obligationer) under which fixed interest rate 
and floating interest rate covered bond loans (Sw. säkerställda obligationslån) (the “Covered Bond Loans” or, when referred to individually, a “Covered 
Bond Loan”) in SEK are issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw. lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda 
obligationer) (the “Covered Bonds Act”) (the “Covered Bonds” or, when referred to individually, a “Covered Bond”) (the “Programme”). The decision 
to establish the Programme was passed by SCBC’s board of directors on 31 March 2006. Decisions to raise Covered Bond Loans are made by persons 
who are authorised by the board of directors, or such person(s) authorised by them, to sign for SCBC. The loan amount under each Covered Bond Loan 
is determined once the sale of such Covered Bond Loan has been closed, i.e. on the relevant maturity date of each Covered Bond Loan. On 31 March 
2006, SCBC obtained a licence by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) to conduct financing operations 
under the Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lagen (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) (the “Banking and Financing Business Act”) 
and to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act. 
This Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any documents incorporated by reference (see Section “Information incorporated by reference”), the 
Final Terms for each Covered Bond Loan and any supplements to this Prospectus. Certain terms used in this Prospectus are defined in the appendix 
hereto. The Prospectus is not a recommendation to subscribe for or acquire Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any recipients of this Prospectus 
and/or any Final Terms, must make their own assessment of SCBC based on this Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference (see 
Section “Information incorporated by reference”), the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan and any supplements to this Prospectus. 
Restrictions 
With the exception of the approval and registration by the SFSA of this Prospectus, neither SCBC nor the Dealers have taken any measures nor will they 
take any measures to allow for a public offer of Covered Bonds under the Programme, nor for possession or distribution of material regarding such offer, 
in any country or jurisdiction where measures for such purposes are required. Persons that are provided with this Prospectus and any Final Terms undertake 
vis-à-vis SCBC and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules in each country and jurisdiction where they buy, offer, sell 
or deliver Covered Bonds or possess or distribute such offering material, in each case at their own expense. Any failure to comply with such restrictions 
may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. 
Any offer under this Programme is not addressed to private individuals or legal entities in the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, 
South Africa or in any other country where the publishing or the availability of offer material is forbidden or the accessibility is in any way restricted. 
Should the offer according to the Prospectus nonetheless be accepted by such private individual or legal entity, such acceptance may be disregarded. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should such information 
or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by SCBC and SCBC assumes no 
responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds 
implies that the information in this Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Prospectus or that there has not been any 
changes in SCBC’s or SBAB Bank AB (publ) (“SBAB”) and its subsidiaries from time to time’s (together with SBAB, the “SBAB Group”) business 
since the date of this Prospectus. If the information in this Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public 
in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Directive 2003/71/EU. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect SCBC’s current views or expectations with respect to future events and financial 
and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar expressions regarding indications or 
forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although SCBC 
believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, SCBC cannot give any assurances that such statements will 
materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from 
those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause SCBC’s and the SBAB Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements include, 
but are not limited to, those described in the Section “Risk Factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus apply only as of the date 
of the Prospectus. SCBC undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to SCBC and/or the SBAB 
Group or persons acting on behalf of SCBC is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this Section. 
General information 
The issue price of the Covered Bonds issued under each Covered Bond Loan is presently unknown. The price for the Covered Bonds is variable and 
depends, inter alia, on the effective market interest rate for investments with a corresponding duration and coupon (see Sections “Overview of the 
Programme” and “Tap Issuance”). Each Covered Bond will be registered in the account-based system of Euroclear Sweden AB (Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden) (“Euroclear Sweden”) or of any other clearing organisation. Physical notes representing the Covered Bonds will therefore not be 
issued. Euroclear Sweden deducts for preliminary withholding tax, presently at 30 per cent, on interest paid to private individuals residing in Sweden and 
to Swedish estates of inheritance. 
This Prospectus does not purport to give an exhaustive description of all tax consequences from an investment in Covered Bonds and any tax consequences 
are subject to change in laws and regulations. Each potential investor should therefore consult a tax adviser before investing in Covered Bonds. For further 
information regarding this Prospectus, reference is made to SCBC. The Prospectus is available via www.sbab.se. A copy of this Prospectus will be made 
available by SCBC upon request during the term of the Prospectus. 
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
this Prospectus. 
MiFID II Product Governance 
In respect of each issue of Covered Bonds under a Covered Bond Loan, each Issuing House (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) will 
undertake a target market assessment in respect of such Covered Bonds and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Covered Bonds. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of such Covered Bonds (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), a 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether any Issuing House participating in the issue of the Covered Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Covered Bonds. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
3(56) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 9 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................ 24 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................... 38 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SCBC ............................................................................................................. 41 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SBAB ............................................................................................................. 45 
SUMMARY OF THE SWEDISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION ............................................................ 46 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ...................................................... 51 
APPENDIX – CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONSTRUCTION ............................................................. 53 
ADDRESSES ......................................................................................................................................................... 55

--- Page 4 ---
4(56) 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
Issuer: 
SCBC is a credit market company (Sw. kreditmarknadsbolag) licensed by the 
SFSA to issue covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Act. SCBC is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of SBAB, a public limited liability company and joint-stock 
banking company wholly-owned by the Swedish State. The interest of the 
Swedish State is represented by the Swedish Government Offices. SBAB and 
SCBC are independent profit making companies regulated by, inter alia, the 
Banking and Financing Business Act and subject to the supervision of the 
SFSA. 
SCBC was incorporated in Sweden on 24 June 2003. SCBC’s corporate 
identification number is 556645-9755 and its postal address is P.O. Box 4209, 
SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden, telephone no. +46 8-614 43 00 and visiting address 
is Svetsarvägen 24, SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden.  
On the date of this Prospectus, the SBAB Group consists of SBAB, SCBC and 
SBAB’s subsidiary Booli Search Technologies AB. 
Arranger: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Dealers: 
SCBC has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank 
Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
(publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers (Sw. emissionsinstitut) under the 
Programme. Additional Dealers may be appointed and a Dealer may withdraw 
from its appointment. 
The Dealers have, by arrangements with SCBC, made certain commitments to 
SCBC including, inter alia, to (subject to certain conditions) offer Covered 
Bond Loans in the capital market and promote trading of Covered Bonds in the 
secondary market. The Dealers will, subject to certain conditions, post rates of 
trade with respect to all or some Covered Bond Loans. 
Description: 
The Programme constitutes a framework under which SCBC has the 
opportunity to continuously issue Covered Bond Loans in SEK with different 
maturities. In addition to the Programme, SCBC has established the Covered 
EMTN Programme and the Australian Covered Bond Programme and may 
from time to time establish other covered bond programmes. 
The decision to establish the Programme was made by SCBC’s board of 
directors on 31 March 2006. Decisions to raise Covered Bond Loans are made 
by persons who are authorised by the board of directors, or such person(s) 
authorised by them, to sign for SCBC. 
SCBC does not normally manage the selling of Covered Bonds itself. Purchases 
and sales are made through the Dealers that have, according to an agreement 
with SCBC and subject to certain conditions, undertaken to offer Covered Bond 
Loans on the financial market, to actively promote trade of Covered Bonds on 
the secondary market and to, if possible, continuously report purchase- and sale 
interest rates of the Covered Bonds. An agreement regarding the Programme 
was originally entered into with the Dealers on 15 May 2006 (as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Covered Bond Loan: 
SCBC will continuously issue Covered Bond Loans in SEK. Each Covered 
Bond Loan is represented by Covered Bonds with a certain denomination or 
whole multiples thereof as stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The General Terms and Conditions are found in Section “General Terms and 
Conditions”. Final Terms will be prepared for each Covered Bond Loan and 
will be published by SCBC and submitted to the SFSA (see Section “Form of 
Final Terms”).

--- Page 5 ---
5(56) 
 
Final Terms in respect of Covered Bond Loans that are offered to the public or 
otherwise admitted to trading on a regulated market will be filed with the SFSA 
as soon as practicable, if possible in advance of the beginning of the offer and 
at the latest prior to the admission to trading. Such Final Terms will be 
published on SCBC’s website at www.sbab.se. 
Covered Bond: 
A unilateral dematerialised promissory note registered in accordance with the 
Financial Instrument Accounting Act (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), issued by 
SCBC in accordance with the provisions of this Prospectus and provided with 
a right of priority over SCBC’s Cover Pool in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Act. 
Label: 
Swedish covered bond (Sw. svensk säkerställd obligation). A covered bond that 
is qualified for the label “Swedish covered bond” also qualifies to be labelled 
“europeisk säkerställd obligation (premium)” (in English: “European Covered 
Bond (premium)”) and corresponding foreign official labels within the EEA.  
Cover Pool: 
The assets comprising the Cover Pool will change from time to time. SCBC 
makes portfolio information available to investors on a monthly basis. Such 
information will be available on SCBC’s website at www.sbab.se. 
Pricing: 
Since Covered Bonds under a Covered Bond Loan may be issued continuously 
for an extended period, it is not possible to set one market price for all Covered 
Bonds. The price is determined for each transaction by agreement between the 
buyer and the seller. 
Determination of loan 
amount, Tap Issuance and 
repurchases 
Loan amount 
Covered Bonds will continuously be sold through the Dealers in accordance 
with the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. The loan amount of each 
Covered Bond Loan will be determined once the sale of such Covered Bond 
Loan has been closed. 
Tap Issuance 
During the term of a Covered Bond Loan, SCBC may continuously issue 
Covered Bonds (“Tap Issuance”) in the denominations and under the 
conditions set for each loan without limitation as regards the aggregate nominal 
amount of all Covered Bonds outstanding from time to time, provided, 
however, that the nominal value of the assets in the Cover Pool at all times 
exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued 
from time to time by at least 2 per cent. A Tap Issuance of Covered Bonds can 
generally be made until the maturity date of the relevant Covered Bond Loan. 
Covered Bonds issued under a Tap Issuance are in every aspect equal to 
Covered Bonds already issued under the relevant Covered Bond Loan (except 
as regards the issue price and the first interest payment date). Consequently, a 
Bondholder will on the following interest payment date have the same right to 
payment of interest as the other Bondholders under the same Covered Bond 
Loan. After the first issue date of the Covered Bond Loan, Final Terms for new 
Tap Issuance(s) of the relevant Covered Bond Loan will be prepared weekly on 
a consolidated basis.  
The fact that a Covered Bond may be outstanding only for part of an interest 
period is reflected in the issue price. 
Repurchase 
SCBC may repurchase Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open 
market or otherwise provided that this is compatible with applicable law. 
Covered Bonds owned by SCBC may be retained, resold or cancelled at 
SCBC’s discretion.

--- Page 6 ---
6(56) 
 
Denominations: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan, but the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be the SEK equivalent of 
EUR 100,000. 
Currency: 
SEK. 
Interest Rate: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. Each Covered Bond 
Loan will have a fixed or floating interest rate. Interest is paid annually to 
Bondholders with fixed interest rate and at the time stated in the Final Terms to 
Bondholders with floating interest rate. 
European Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Interest payable under Covered Bonds Loans may be calculated by reference to 
a specified benchmark (i.e. STIBOR), as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions. STIBOR is administrated by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (“SFBF”). As at the date of this Prospectus, the SFBF does not appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”), but on 27 
December 2021, the SFBF lodged an application with the SFSA to operate as 
an authorised administrator.  
The General Terms and Conditions provide that the interest rate benchmark 
STIBOR, which applies for the Covered Bonds, can be replaced as set out 
therein, upon the occurrence of a Base Rate Event which includes if STIBOR 
ceases to be calculated or administered.  
Interest Payment Date: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. 
Maturity Date: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. 
Extendable Obligations 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Extended Final Maturity applies 
to a Covered Bond Loan. For such Covered Bond Loan, the Maturity Date may 
be extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date, in each case, subject to (i) 
such extension being permitted by the SFSA as a result of it being deemed likely 
that the extension will prevent insolvency (Sw. obestånd) of SCBC or otherwise 
as a result of a trigger of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Covered Bonds 
Act or any other legislation that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered 
Bond Directive and (ii) the Final Terms specifies the date being the Extended 
Final Maturity Date.  
Furthermore, the extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding 
from the Maturity Date to the Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in 
any right of the Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the 
Issuer and no payment will be payable to the Bondholders in that event other 
than as set out in the General Terms and Conditions.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount at a floating rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and will be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
Registration, clearing and 
settlement: 
Covered Bonds will be registered in the online account-based system of 
Euroclear Sweden or other clearing organisation, and clearing and settlement 
will be executed upon trading in such system. Physical notes representing 
Covered Bonds will not be issued. 
Admission to trading: 
If admission to trading is specified in the relevant Final Terms, SCBC shall 
apply to have the Covered Bond Loan admitted to trading at the specified listing 
venue.

--- Page 7 ---
7(56) 
 
Preliminary 
withholding-tax: 
Euroclear Sweden deducts withholding tax, presently 30 per cent, on interest 
paid to private individuals resident in Sweden as well as to Swedish estates of 
inheritance. 
Status: 
The Covered Bonds will have the status of covered bonds according to the 
Covered Bonds Act and will be provided with the rights of priority (alongside 
Eligible Swaps) according to the Rights of Priority Act. All Covered Bonds 
issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and 
will rank pari passu with the covered bonds issued under the Covered EMTN 
Programme, the covered bonds issued under the Australian Covered Bond 
Programme and with any other covered bonds which may be issued by SCBC 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain countries. Therefore, holders of this Prospectus 
and/or of Covered Bonds must inform themselves about any restrictions and 
comply with such restrictions. 
Bondholders’ meeting: 
The General Terms and Conditions include certain provisions regarding a 
Bondholders’ meeting, which may be held in order to resolve on matters 
relating to Bondholders’ interests. Such provisions allow for designated 
majorities to bind all Bondholders, including Bondholders who have not 
participated in or voted at the actual meeting or who have voted differently than 
the required majority, to decisions that have been taken at a duly convened and 
conducted Bondholders’ meeting. See also the risk factor “Majority decisions 
by Bondholders” below. 
Use of proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from 
each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by SCBC in its ordinary business 
operations. 
Prescription: 
The right to receive payment of the nominal amount shall be statute-barred and 
become void 10 years from the relevant maturity date and the right to receive 
payment of interest shall be statute-barred and become void 3 years from the 
relevant due date for payment. SCBC is entitled to any funds set aside for 
payments that have become statute-barred. 
Governing law: 
Each Covered Bond Loan will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with Swedish law. 
Processing of personal 
data 
In order to comply with the Conditions for a Loan, SCBC and the 
Administrative Agent, may, acting as data controllers, collect and process 
personal data. The processing is based on SCBC’s or the Administrative 
Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective obligations under the 
Conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data 
will not be kept longer than necessary given the purpose of the processing. To 
the extent permitted under the Conditions, personal data may be shared with 
third parties, such as Euroclear, which will process the personal data further as 
a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right to know what 
personal data SCBC and the Administrative Agent processes about them and 
may request the same in writing at SCBC’s or the Administrative Agent’s 
registered address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that 
personal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided 
by themselves in machine-readable format. SCBC’s and the Administrative 
Agent’s routine for processing personal data may be updated from time to time. 
Information about SCBC’s and the Administrative Agent’s respective current 
personal data processing can be found on their respective websites.

--- Page 8 ---
8(56) 
 
Expected credit rating: 
Each Covered Bond Loan is expected to be assigned the credit rating Aaa from 
Moody’s. Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning credit rating agency. Credit ratings are a way of evaluating 
credit risk, but there are no guarantees that such rating reflects the potential 
impact of all risks related to an investment in the Covered Bonds. For more 
information regarding the credit rating, visit www.moodys.com. 
The following table sets out the possible long-term ratings assigned by 
Moody’s: 
 
Long-term rating 
 
Aaa 
Baa1 
B2 
 
Aa1 
Baa2 
B3 
 
Aa2 
Baa3 
Caa1 
 
Aa3 
Ba1 
Caa2 
 
A1 
Ba2 
Caa3 
 
A2 
Ba3 
Ca 
 
A3 
B1 
C

--- Page 9 ---
9(56) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including SCBC’s economic and market risks, 
risks relating to SCBC’s business, legal and regulatory risks relating to the SBAB Group, as well as risks relating 
to the Covered Bonds issued under this Prospectus and risks related to the market in general. SCBC’s assessment 
of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude 
of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates 
made on the date of this Prospectus. As SCBC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBAB Bank AB (publ) (“SBAB”), 
risks relating to SBAB may also, directly or indirectly, impact on SCBC. References herein to the “SBAB Group” 
are to SBAB and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Risks relating to SCBC 
Economic and market risks 
Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets and economy 
The SBAB Group and the Issuer are subject to risks related to the global credit markets and economic development, 
since financial institutions, both in Sweden and globally, are dependent on the global credit market and economy 
being positive, so that people are willing and able to take up loans. For the SBAB Group and the Issuer, the risk is 
specifically linked to customers’ willingness to buy and own homes that require them to apply for mortgage loans 
from SBAB. Any disruption or downturn in the global credit markets and economy would typically thus affect 
SBAB and the Issuer, both in respect of financial performance and growth possibilities. Any downturn in the 
economy together with an increase in unemployment levels, would contribute to slower growth in household 
disposable income and, at least in the short run, higher savings and thereby accentuate these risks. 
Since the SBAB Group and the Issuer are subject to risks related to the global economy, the SBAB Group and the 
Issuer are affected by, for example, war in neighbouring countries, climate risks, natural disasters and public health 
epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that may negatively affect the global economy, such as the coronavirus 
(COVID-19) outbreak. Rapid and forceful measures, such as sanctions, trade restrictions and shutdowns, can lead 
to significant supply and demand disruptions, and result in rapidly changing prices, including energy prices, and 
changes in pace of economic development. Such events can also result in substantial movements in the financial 
markets in the form of, for example, dramatic increases or decreases in interest rates, rising credit spreads and 
volatile and falling stock markets. Ultimately, the long-term economic consequences, including consequences on 
the financial markets in general and the SBAB Group in particular, depend on the duration of the relevant crisis 
and measures taken by governments, central banks and other agencies.  
Russia’s war against Ukraine has led to significant volatility in the financial markets and the global commodity 
markets. Further, Israel’s military intervention in Gaza, following the attack on Israel by the Hamas movement in 
early October 2023, may contribute to further instability in the global economy. The impact of the conflict, e.g. 
volatility in the financial markets, will depend on the duration and intensity of the conflict, and whether it spreads 
to neighbouring countries or other parts of the region. Unfortunately, it is currently not possible to see how and 
when these conflicts will be resolved, or to predict their long term impact on the Issuer or the Swedish or global 
economies. 
Moreover, Sweden, being a small economy with large shares of imports and exports, is largely dependent on the 
development of the global economy and the global financial markets. This means that although the Swedish 
economy, in isolation, may perform well, a negative development in the global economy normally influences the 
Swedish economy in such a manner that the Swedish economy also develops negatively. Any sustained decline in 
the general economic conditions of Sweden is, given the Issuer’s dependency on the same, likely to lead to, among 
other things, a decrease in the demand for certain loans offered by SBAB, increased cost of funding, volatile fair 
values of the financial instruments held by the Issuer and/or the SBAB Group, a decrease in net interest income 
and net interest margin, and increased loan impairment charges, all of which would result in lower profitability 
and a deteriorated financial position. The degree to which disruptions in the global credit markets and economy 
may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the profitability and financial position of 
the Issuer and/or the SBAB Group.

--- Page 10 ---
10(56) 
 
Risks relating to the Swedish housing market 
During the 24 months immediately following the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, housing prices in Sweden 
rose by an average of 25 per cent, with the increase being greater for houses than for flats. However, in light of the 
rapid rise in interest rates since spring 2022, housing prices have fallen by an average of 13 per cent: the decrease 
being greater for houses than for flats. The rapid increases and decreases in housing prices have brought uncertainty 
for those who buy and sell their homes, but, have not resulted in a greater number of homeowners with a home 
that is worth less than the size of their mortgage and, although housing prices could fall a little further in 2024, it 
is not expected that this will change in the future. However, in the coming years homeowners with large mortgages 
will have higher mortgage payments compared to corresponding homeowners over the past 15 years, mostly due 
to increased interest rates. With regard to new homes, the construction rate of new multi-family dwellings has been 
relatively high for some years now, which is one explanation as to why the demand in that particular market 
segment may not be strong enough and could be subject to a decline, which could have a negative impact on the 
housing market. In addition, rising mortgage rates, in combination with falling prices in the secondary housing 
market, dampened demand rapidly in autumn 2022, with the result that the supply of newly produced housing has 
been greater than the actual demand (i.e. willingness to pay). Examples of such reduced relative demand include 
longer advertisement times and fewer sales. At present, a marked decline in housing construction in 2023, and thus 
far in 2024, has resulted in a better balance in the new production market. The housing construction industry is 
characterised by large economic fluctuations and there are currently no signs that this downturn would differ 
markedly from previous major economic downturns. Nonetheless, there is a risk that the Swedish housing market 
could be weak for a longer period, for example, as a result of significantly slower population growth. If the Swedish 
housing market were to face a protracted slump, and demand for new loans, as a consequence, were to significantly 
decrease, this would negatively affect demand for SBAB’s loan offerings, thereby adversely affecting its and/or 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations and margins. 
Moreover, house prices may be negatively affected by, for example, changes in regulations affecting the Swedish 
mortgage market directly or indirectly or by a significant rise in interest rates or unemployment levels. Legal 
requirements, such as changes to the amortisation requirements or changes to the level of the mortgage ceiling, 
may also affect housing prices, in particular in urban areas where the market value is higher and more sensitive to 
such regulations, which in turn could affect mortgage lending growth. Furthermore, a tightened monetary policy 
is expected to have a negative impact on housing prices in the short term. More restrictive regulations or tightening 
of monetary policies that hold back house price development would further accentuate the risk of decreased 
demand for new loans in general, including loans that could be originated by SBAB and in turn acquired by the 
Issuer. 
The above described risks are material to the SBAB Group as a significant amount of the loans provided by SBAB 
and acquired by the Issuer are secured by mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) in respect of properties, or pledges 
over tenant-owners’ rights (Sw. bostadsrätt), located in Sweden. The degree to which a declined Swedish housing 
market may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s credit quality. 
Risks relating to the Swedish mortgage market 
SBAB’s operations consist primarily of lending to the Swedish residential mortgage market aimed at individuals, 
tenant-owner associations and corporate clients, the majority of which are concentrated in major metropolitan 
areas in Sweden. One of the main risks related to the Swedish residential mortgage market is the credit risk 
associated with borrowers’ creditworthiness, their ability to pay under the mortgage loan, and the value of the 
mortgaged properties. The debt-to-income ratio of borrowers, is at a comparatively high level, which affects the 
risk profile among SBAB’s customers as interest rates rise. High inflation since the end of 2021 has not only led 
to higher interest rates, but also means that many other household living costs are now significantly higher, which 
contributes to a higher credit risk.  
As the Issuer’s operations primarily consist of lending to the Swedish residential mortgage market, any negative 
development of the Swedish mortgage market resulting in, among other things, a noticeably lower demand for 
mortgages, would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  
Although the Swedish mortgage market is currently dominated by a few institutions, consisting of banks, such as 
SBAB, and bank owned mortgage companies, such as the Issuer, new competitors have appeared in recent times. 
Rapid changes in the interest rate market also pose challenges where different banks may have different 
competitive conditions. Due to fierce competition amongst lenders, the SBAB Group’s business would face 
declining earnings should SBAB and/or the Issuer, for example, be required to reduce interest levels in order to 
keep market shares, thereby adversely affecting its margins. Furthermore, due to the high level of interdependence 
between financial institutions, SBAB and the Issuer are also subject to the risk of deterioration of the actual or

--- Page 11 ---
11(56) 
 
perceived commercial and financial soundness of other financial institutions. Any default or financial difficulties 
of one financial institution is likely to have negative consequences for other financial institutions and would lead 
to liquidity problems, losses, defaults or worsening of the general economic climate in the local markets in which 
SBAB and the Issuer operate. This means that the Issuer is subject to risks related to the banking sector as such, 
and risks related to other financial institutions. The degree to which negative developments in the Swedish 
mortgage housing market may affect SBAB and the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk of a 
negative impact on demand for mortgage loans originated by SBAB and acquired by the Issuer. 
Risks relating to Sweden 
The Issuer’s financial performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions of Sweden and 
Sweden’s creditworthiness. As at the date of this Prospectus, financial instruments issued by the central 
government in Sweden are rated Aaa (long-term) and P-1 (short-term) by Moody’s, and AAA (long-term) and A-
1+ (short-term) by S&P. As SBAB and the Issuer conduct all their business activities in Sweden, changes in the 
general economic conditions of Sweden and Sweden’s creditworthiness are likely to affect SBAB and the Issuer 
more significantly compared to competitors and other financial institutions that offer loans to a broader market 
segment. 
These ratings may change negatively in the future due to, for example, poor economic performance, weak gross 
domestic product (GDP) growth outlooks and unsustainable fiscal policy. Since credit ratings inform about the 
credit risk associated with Sweden, the willingness of investors to invest in financial instruments issued by the 
Issuer is largely dependent on high credit ratings and, in turn, the creditworthiness of Sweden. Consequently, 
should the general economic condition of Sweden and Sweden’s creditworthiness deteriorate, the willingness of 
investors to invest in financial instruments issued by the Issuer are likely to decline. The degree to which the 
general economic conditions of Sweden and Sweden’s creditworthiness may affect the Issuer is uncertain and 
presents a highly significant risk of a negative impact on the willingness of investors to invest in financial 
instruments issued by the Issuer and a negative impact on the Issuer’s rating and operations. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s collateral 
A considerable part of the loans acquired by the Issuer are secured by mortgage certificates in respect of properties 
located in Sweden or pledges of Swedish tenant-owners’ rights in Sweden as collateral, and the value of such 
collateral is consequently related to the performance of the real estate and housing market in Sweden. Perfecting 
and enforcing such collateral is subject to risks. For instance, there is no official record in Sweden stating whether 
a tenant-owner’s right is pledged. When taking such security, the Issuer is therefore reliant on data provided by 
the relevant tenant-owners’ association (Sw. bostadsrättsförening) and is thus exposed to the risk that the 
association’s records are not correct. 
In addition, when collateral is enforced, a court order is normally required to establish the borrower’s obligation 
to pay and to enable a sale by execution measures. The Issuer’s ability to enforce the collateral without the consent 
of the borrower is thus dependent on the above-mentioned decisions from a court and the execution measures and 
on other relevant circumstances in the mortgage Swedish market and in the demand for the relevant property. 
Should the prices of real estate and the housing market substantially decline this would affect the Issuer, as the 
value of the collateral would decline as set out above. If the Issuer’s credit losses increase due to the fact that 
principal and interest under defaulting loans cannot be recovered where the relevant collateral has decreased in 
value, this would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s results of operations. Further, if the value of the property 
which has been mortgaged as security for the assets in the Cover Pool decreases substantially and the Issuer does 
not take any action to restore the ratio between the value of the Covered Bonds and the value of the assets in the 
Cover Pool or the Issuer is unable to take such actions due to the fact that there are insufficient additional assets 
in the Cover Pool, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to make full payment to Bondholders which, among 
others, would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to issue new Covered Bonds and ultimately 
result in a materially deteriorated financial position. 
Risks relating to SCBC’s business 
Credit risk 
Since SBAB conducts lending operations, and the Issuer acquires such loans, credit risk – the risk that a 
counterparty is unable to fulfil its payment obligations towards SBAB and/or the Issuer – is central to the Issuer’s 
business model and is considered to be the dominant risk in its operations. Credit risk arises both in SBAB’s 
lending operations, which is then forwarded to the Issuer when the Issuer acquires loans from SBAB, and its 
treasury operations.

--- Page 12 ---
12(56) 
 
Credit risk in the Issuer’s operations arises if one or more debtors do not fulfil their payment obligations towards 
the Issuer. Credit risk arises in conjunction with loans and loan commitments, as well as in connection with value 
changes in pledged assets entailing that these no longer cover the Issuer’s claim (i.e., within the ordinary course 
of the Issuer’s business). Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which is more likely to materialise in 
connection with large exposures to individual counterparties, regions or industries within the Issuer’s operations. 
Investment risk arises in relation to financial investments if a debtor does not fulfil its payment obligations, 
meaning it either pays late or not at all. Investment risk arises through investments in SBAB’s liquidity portfolio 
(of which the Issuer is dependent as being a single liquidity sub-group with SBAB) and the investment of surplus 
liquidity. Counterparty risk arises if the value of the instrument changes resulting from variations, for example, in 
interest rates or currency exchange rates, which means the Issuer recognises a receivable against the counterparty. 
In addition, counterparty risk is the risk that the Issuer’s financial counterparties cannot meet their commitments 
under the contracted repos. 
Should any such credit risk materialise, there is a risk of an increase in the number of loans not being paid. It would 
also require the Issuer to take measures to collect such defaulted loans (which might be costly and unsuccessful). 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of SBAB’s or the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties would affect the 
recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in SBAB’s or the Issuer’s provision for bad 
and doubtful debts and other provisions. The degree to which credit risks may affect the Issuer is uncertain and 
presents a highly significant risk to the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss or reduced future income due to market fluctuations. SBAB’s and the Issuer’s most 
significant exposure towards market fluctuations derives from their dependency on interest rates, currency 
exchange rates and changing conditions between interest costs for different issuers that affects the value of SBAB 
and the Issuer’s liquidity portfolio. Since SBAB conducts lending operations, and the Issuer acquires loans from 
SBAB, both SBAB and the Issuer are largely dependent on interest rate levels as interest rates are the single most 
important factor that affects margins in connection with SBAB’s core business, i.e. lending. Variations in interest 
rates may result in losses or lower future income, as assets and liabilities have different fixed-interest periods and 
interest terms. Further, SBAB currently conducts its lending operations in SEK (SBAB’s reporting currency), but 
may fund itself in foreign currencies. SBAB and the Issuer may also hold securities denominated in currencies 
other than SEK within the SBAB Group’s liquidity portfolio. Changes in the exchange rate for SEK against other 
currencies may affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and result in mark-to-
market losses or lower future income. 
Against this background, a liquid derivative market enabling SBAB or the Issuer to swap foreign currencies and 
interest rates to reduce its market risk is essential and any significant disruption in the access to such market would 
harm SBAB and/or the Issuer and further enhance the risks associated with SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s exposure 
to interest rates and foreign currencies, as described above. 
Furthermore, the value of the assets held within SBAB’s liquidity portfolio (of which the Issuer is dependent as 
being a single liquidity sub-group with SBAB) is dependent on the interest cost related to the issuer of the relevant 
security, and any negative change in such conditions may adversely affect the value of SBAB’s liquidity portfolio. 
The value of SBAB’s liquidity portfolio is further typically affected by the performance of financial markets. The 
value of SBAB’s liquidity portfolio is critical for SBAB’s, and thus the Issuer’s, ability to meet its liquidity 
requirements, and any significant decrease in value is likely to affect SBAB’s capacity to fulfil these requirements. 
The risk of failure or interruption to SBAB’s IT and other systems 
SBAB’s, and in turn the Issuer’s business is dependent on the ability to keep a large amount of customer 
information and to process a large number of transactions as well as on internal and external systems for its loan 
distribution. The Issuer’s business is thus dependent on SBAB’s IT systems to serve customers, support the Issuer’s 
business processes, ensure complete and accurate processing of financial transactions and support the overall 
internal control framework. 
Disruptions in SBAB’s IT infrastructure or other systems may, for example, be caused by internal factors such as 
larger projects for replacing or upgrading existing IT platforms and/or systems, which, if replaced or upgraded 
inappropriately, risks resulting in IT platforms and/or systems that do not function as expected and result in, among 
other things, unreliable data processing with impact on financial reporting. There is also a risk for disruptions 
caused by external factors such as the availability of experts required for technical support or completion of 
ongoing projects. For example, should SBAB face severe disruptions in its telephone and communication 
platforms, customers would be unable to contact SBAB and/or the Issuer via telephone and email. Given that

--- Page 13 ---
13(56) 
 
neither SBAB nor the Issuer have any offices for physical customer meetings and instead meets its retail customers 
and users digitally or by telephone this risk is likely to have a significant impact on SBAB and/or the Issuer, both 
as regards its reputation and lending operations, but also, as a consequence, as regards its results of operations and 
margins. 
Despite ongoing projects to replace or upgrade some of SBAB’s existing IT platforms, parts of the IT infrastructure 
remain outdated, which limits SBAB’s and the Issuer’s ability to swiftly adapt to new conditions and requirements 
and increases the risk of disruption. The degree to which IT failures may affect SBAB and/or the Issuer is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s operations. 
Operational and cyber risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses due to inappropriate or unsuccessful processes, human error, faulty systems 
or external events, including legal risks. Operational risk and losses often result from fraud or other external or 
internal crime, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal 
authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, 
natural disasters or the failure of internal or external systems, for example, those of SBAB’s and the Issuer’s 
suppliers or counterparties. SBAB’s and the Issuer’s business is also dependent on the ability to process a very 
large number of transactions within the ordinary course of operations. Any failure in conducting such transactions 
efficiently and accurately due to operational risks being materialised may thus adversely affect SBAB’s and/or the 
Issuer’s operations. 
Furthermore, significant operational risks include cyber-related risks. The cyber-threat to the Swedish financial 
sector is extensive and persistent. Any breach in security of SBAB’s and the Issuer’s IT systems risks 
compromising the availability of important systems and may disrupt SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s business. There 
is also a risk of social engineering attempts and the disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, which 
would create significant financial and legal exposure, and damage the Issuer’s reputation and brand. Since SBAB’s 
and the Issuer’s business in all important aspects is digitalised (for example, mortgage applications are filed 
online), these risks are more prominent to SBAB and the Issuer compared to competitors and other lenders whose 
operations are less digitalised. The degree to which operational failure or the occurrence of a cyber-related incident 
may affect SBAB and/or the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s 
ability to carry out transactions efficiently and accurately. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will not be able to meet its payment obligations on their maturity at all or 
without the related cost increasing significantly. Short-term liquidity risk measures the risk of the Issuer being 
negatively impacted in the short term by a lack of liquidity, while structural liquidity risk is a measure of the 
mismatch between assets and liabilities in terms of maturities, which risks leading to a lack of liquidity in the 
longer term. The Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the 
SFSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as 
they fall due. The inability of the Issuer to anticipate future liquidity and provide for unforeseen decreases or 
changes in funding sources could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations when 
they fall due and thus result in an investor not being paid in a timely manner. 
Funding risk 
The Issuer and SBAB are dependent upon the debt capital markets as a source of debt capital. Disruptions, 
uncertainty and/or increased volatility in the global debt capital markets may have an adverse effect on the terms 
on which SBAB and the Issuer are able to raise debt or the ability to raise debt at all. This could be due to 
circumstances out of the control of SBAB and the Issuer such as general market disruptions or loss in confidence 
in financial markets stemming from for example severe changes in the economic outlook or external macro-
economic shocks, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market participants or operational 
problems affecting third parties. A recent example of the foregoing occurred during the first quarter of 2023, when 
the banking sector in the United States and globally came under pressure following the failures of certain regional 
banks in the United States and the merger of Credit Suisse Group AG with UBS Group AG in a government-
brokered transaction. The events, which were primarily driven by macroeconomic conditions, including rising 
interest rates and monetary policy tightening, threw the global financial markets into turmoil, with increased 
volatility and widening credit spreads. 
Also, any downgrade of the SCBC’s credit ratings (if any), or the credit ratings of SBAB, is likely to increase the 
SBAB Group’s borrowing costs, adversely affect its liquidity position, limit its access to the debt capital markets, 
undermine confidence in and the competitive position of the SBAB Group, trigger obligations under certain

--- Page 14 ---
14(56) 
 
bilateral terms in some of its trading and collateralised financing contracts, including requiring the provision of 
additional collateral or the replacement of SBAB or the Issuer with another counterparty, and/or limit the range of 
counterparties willing to enter into transactions with SBAB and the Issuer. 
Any of the events above could lead to increased funding costs with decreased margins and incomes from the SBAB 
Group’s core business, i.e. mortgage lending, and could therefore have an immediate and material adverse effect 
on the SBAB Group’s and the Issuer’s business and results of operations. 
Furthermore, since the Issuer’s shares are not listed, it does not have direct access to the equity capital markets, 
and as a consequence, the Issuer is partly dependent upon its ultimate owner (the Swedish State) as a source of 
equity capital. If the owner does not provide SBAB, and in turn the Issuer, with equity capital to the extent SBAB 
and/or the Issuer needs and/or if the debt capital markets are not available to SBAB nor the Issuer or the cost of 
debt capital is significantly increased, this is likely to affect the liquidity and funding of SBAB and/or the Issuer 
and, consequently, the Issuer’s capacity to fulfil its payment obligations. The degree to which funding risks may 
affect SBAB and/or the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s 
capacity to fulfil their payment obligations. 
Environmental, Social and/or Governance ‘ESG’ risks 
There is a risk that the Issuer’s operations have a direct or indirect negative effect on, or are directly or indirectly 
negatively affected by Environmental, Social and/or Governance (“ESG”) factors.  
SBAB’s and the Issuer’s exposure to environmental and climate risks primarily arises in conjunction with its grant 
of credit. Environmental and climate risks arise when financing new production and redevelopment projects, but 
also in existing holdings in areas exposed to increased sea levels or temporary floodings. Changes in the average 
annual temperature have consequences for the climate in the form of rising sea levels, flooding, extreme weather, 
heat stress, drought, more rain, earlier springs, lower ground water levels and freshwater shortages. For buildings 
and other collateral, it is thus important for SBAB and the Issuer to assess and monitor the risks of flooding, 
landslides and erosion. Increased extremes in surface water levels that increase water penetration in basements and 
cause problems with dampness are likely to lead to assets and other collateral decreasing in value, thereby 
increasing SBAB’s and/or the Issuer’s risk of credit losses. Since properties are used as collateral for an absolute 
majority of the loans provided by the SBAB Group, this risk is highly significant.  
In addition to the environmental risks described above, the Issuer is exposed to transition risks in conjunction with 
its grant of credit. Transition risks arise in relation to financed buildings with high energy consumption that require 
major energy efficiency renovations to meet legal requirements or to reduce related costs, which adversely affect 
the value of the collateral and, in turn, increase the Issuer’s associated credit risk. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to risks linked to human rights, personnel-related matters and social conditions 
in conjunction with lending to new production projects and customers with a high proportion of subcontractors. 
The controls performed by the main contractor in areas such as working conditions are made more complex when 
production is outsourced. The import of prefabricated material from other countries also entails risk, since the 
Issuer does not know the conditions that apply for the production. Finally, since SBAB and the Issuer handle 
payments both in lending and financing, they are exposed to corruption risk. The risk is highest in the beginning 
of a relationship but is also present in all engagements. The Issuer’s main exposure to corruption risk arises in 
conjunction with its acquiring of newly granted credits from SBAB. The degree to which ESG risks may affect 
SBAB and/or the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to SBAB and/or the Issuer’s collateral 
value and reputation. 
The Issuer’s dependency towards the business of SBAB 
The Issuer has acquired loan portfolios from SBAB and may acquire further loans from SBAB or other parties 
with which the Issuer enters into sale and purchase agreements. Accordingly, the Issuer is dependent on the 
business of SBAB and such other parties to originate loans to be acquired by it. The Issuer will therefore be affected 
by general economic and business conditions which may affect not only the Issuer but also SBAB and such other 
parties, including changes in the economic climate, both nationally and internationally, changes regarding taxation, 
interest rate developments, inflation, political changes, regulatory changes, changes in the financial markets as 
well as changes in the business environment or business dynamics of the mortgage market. 
Outsourcing risk 
For the purpose of achieving efficiency benefits, SBAB and the Issuer have agreed that SBAB shall undertake 
certain services necessary for the Issuer to be able to carry out its business operations. According to the 
Outsourcing Agreement (as defined in Section “Information relating to SCBC”), SBAB shall perform certain

--- Page 15 ---
15(56) 
 
services that the Issuer may need to carry out its business operations. This leads to the Issuer being dependent on 
SBAB and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Outsourcing Agreement in order for the Issuer’s business 
operations to function properly. 
Furthermore, payments owing to the Issuer in respect of its assets will be received on behalf of the Issuer under 
the SBAB group account structure held with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”). Payments will 
on a daily basis be credited to the relevant sub-ledgers of the Issuer in the SBAB group account structure. 
Therefore, SBAB has agreed with the Issuer, primarily pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, that the Issuer 
will have a claim against SBAB for any amount credited to the Issuer’s sub-ledgers and SBAB will be obliged to 
fully repay the Issuer upon first demand by the Issuer irrespective of whether or not SBAB receives payment of 
such amount from SEB or any other banking institution handling the SBAB group account structure. In addition, 
SBAB waives any circumstances which could release SBAB from its obligation to repay such funds to the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of SBAB, and therefore indirectly to the credit risk of SEB. 
No due diligence and limited description of the Portfolio 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger nor the Issuer has or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions 
in respect of the individual loans and other assets comprising the Cover Pool. Neither will Bondholders receive 
detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover 
Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of such Cover Pool may change from time to time due to, for example, 
the purchase of further loans by the Issuer from time to time. There may therefore be undetected issues or concerns 
regarding individual loans or other assets in the Cover Pool that would otherwise have been evident from such 
statistics or investigations. 
Compliance 
The banking and financing sector is heavily regulated and, as a group conducting banking and financing operations, 
the SBAB Group is subject to regulations and regulatory supervision pursuant to numerous directives, laws, 
regulations and policies issued by, inter alia, the European Union (the “EU”) and Sweden. Legal or regulatory 
developments and/or changes in supervisory policies or evaluation methods could have an adverse effect on the 
SBAB Group’s financial strength (should it adversely affect the value of its assets), how the SBAB Group conducts 
its business (should it adversely affect the products and services it offers) and on the SBAB Group’s results of 
operations (should it entail unexpected costs and/or impose restrictions on the development of the SBAB Group’s 
business operations or otherwise affect its earnings). 
As a lender to the Swedish residential mortgage market, the SBAB Group processes large quantities of personal 
data on its customers. Such processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following 
the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679/EU, (“GDPR”). Any administrative and 
monetary sanctions or reputational damage due to breach of the GDPR would have an adverse effect on the SBAB 
Group’s financial position. Apart from the unexpected costs of any sanctions or damages such measures could lead 
to negative publicity in the media and/or reduced confidence from customers and other stakeholders which 
ultimately could adversely impact the SBAB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The SBAB Group must also comply with anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing and sanctions 
regulations. These laws and regulations have become increasingly complex and detailed, require improved systems 
and sophisticated monitoring and competent and skilled personnel at all levels of the SBAB Group, and have also 
become the subject of enhanced government and regulatory supervision. Failure to prevent or detect any illegal or 
improper activities fully or on a timely basis could negatively impact customers and expose the SBAB Group to 
liability. If the SBAB Group is associated with, or even accused of being associated with, or becomes a party to, 
money laundering or terrorist financing (even when the SBAB Group is acting in good faith and without knowledge 
of any such activities), the SBAB Group’s reputation could suffer and it could become subject to fines, sanctions 
and/or legal enforcement, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on the SBAB Group’s results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, failure to comply with economic sanctions, both 
primary and secondary (which are frequently subject to change by relevant governments, and which have increased 
in both volume and complexity due to the Russia/Ukraine war), and failure to comply fully with other applicable 
compliance laws and regulations, may result in the imposition of fines, penalties or other sanctions on the SBAB 
Group, including the revocation of licences. 
Non-compliance with, as well as deficiencies in, guidelines and policies implemented to ensure compliance with 
regulatory frameworks that lead to negative publicity, negative consequences, legal implications or criticism from, 
inter alia, the SFSA or other regulators within the financial sector would have a material adverse effect on the 
SBAB Group’s and/or the Issuer’s reputation, which is likely to adversely affect demand for loans offered by the

--- Page 16 ---
16(56) 
 
SBAB Group. Furthermore, the SBAB Group’s business (should the demand for its products and services 
decrease), financial condition (should the value of its assets decrease) and results of operations (should its revenue 
decrease and/or its costs increase) could be materially adversely affected. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the SBAB Group 
Compliance with and changes in tax legislation 
In 2023, the SBAB Group’s tax expenses totalled SEK 662 million (SEK 1021 million including risk tax). 
Accordingly, tax expenses constitute a significant part of the SBAB Group’s total expenses. Should the SBAB 
Group’s tax situation for previous, current and future years change (as a result of legislative changes and decisions 
made by the tax authorities or as a result of changed tax treaties, regulations, case law or requirements of the tax 
authorities, potentially with retroactive effect), it could adversely affect the SBAB Group’s and/or the Issuer’s 
business (should taxes imposed on its products and services negatively impact the demand for such products and 
services), financial condition (should taxes negatively impact the value of its assets) and results of operations 
(should taxes increase its costs and thus decrease, among other things, its operating profits). Furthermore, in 2023, 
the SBAB Group’s deferred tax assets(+)/liabilities(-) totalled SEK 911 million. The recognition of deferred tax 
assets/liabilities pertaining to deductible temporary differences or loss carry-forwards is based on management’s 
assessment of the future likelihood of the company generating taxable profits corresponding to the basis for 
deferred tax assets. Incorrect assessments risk having a material impact on the SBAB Group’s and/or the Issuer’s 
results of operations and financial position. Any such events or incorrect assessments thus risk leading to increased 
tax expenses or additional taxes, and there is a risk these encompass significant amounts. 
Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
The SBAB Group and the Issuer are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in 
place a comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial 
institutions. Regulations which have impacted the SBAB Group and the Issuer and are expected to continue to 
impact the SBAB Group and the Issuer include, among others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital 
Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), and the 
EU Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (“CRR”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
(“CRR II”). CRR and CRD IV are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by the European 
Banking Authority (the “EBA”). In addition, in October 2021, the European Union adopted a proposal to further 
amend the CRR and CRD IV as the final elements of the implementation of the Basel III framework. The proposals, 
more commonly known as CRR3 and CRD VI, are in the final stages and the legal texts have been published, but 
are still subject to legal review and final vote before their intended entry into force which is 1 January 2025 for 
CRR3 and, for CRD VI, once transposed by Member States. Until such time as the CRR3 and CRD VI proposals 
are incorporated into European Union law, the Issuer is unable to determine their final impact on its own financial 
performance. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components in the 
capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2 
capital. CRR II also introduced a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent from 
the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to 
CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further capital buffer requirements 
that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. The combined buffer requirement is the total CET1 capital 
required to meet the requirement for the capital conservation buffer extended by an institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer, a G-SII buffer, an O-SII buffer and a systemic risk buffer, as applicable, and each 
as defined in Article 128 of CRD IV. Certain buffers may be applicable to the SBAB Group and the Issuer as 
determined by the SFSA. The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies over time and is to 
be used to support credit supply in adverse market conditions. On 16 March 2020, the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Sweden was lowered from the previous 2.5 per cent to 0 per cent as a pre-emptive measure to avoid a 
credit crunch due to the developments surrounding the coronavirus pandemic and the spread of coronavirus and 
its impact on the economy. On 29 September 2021, the SFSA communicated that the countercyclical buffer rate 
of 0 per cent would be applied until 28 September 2022. As of 22 June 2023, the countercyclical buffer rate is 
2 per cent. A breach of the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary 
capital distributions by the SBAB Group and the Issuer, for example, dividends on CET1 and coupon payments 
on tier 1 capital instruments. 
Banks are also asked to maintain an extra capital buffer, called Pillar 2 guidance (“P2G”), which is determined as 
part of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and is a bank-specific recommendation. The P2G

--- Page 17 ---
17(56) 
 
is a non-binding supervisory recommendation and a violation of the P2G does not automatically lead to 
consequences such as restrictions in dividends. If the P2G is breached, the SFSA has the possibility to intensify 
its supervision or decide on a Pillar 2 requirement. 
The conditions of the SBAB Group’s and the Issuer’s businesses as well as external conditions are constantly 
changing and the full set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. 
For the foregoing reasons, the SBAB Group and/or the Issuer are potentially required to raise additional capital in 
the future. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, is not always 
available on attractive terms, or at all. If the SBAB Group and/or the Issuer is required to make additional 
provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain operations as a result of, for 
example, the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this would adversely affect its results of 
operations or financial condition or increase its costs, all of which may adversely affect the SBAB Group’s and 
the Issuer’s abilities to raise additional capital and make payments under instruments such as Covered Bonds 
issued under this Programme. 
Serious or systematic deviations by the SBAB Group and/or the Issuer from the above regulations would most 
likely lead to the SFSA determining that the SBAB Group’s and/or the Issuer’s business does not satisfy the 
statutory soundness requirement for credit institutions and thus result in the SFSA imposing sanctions against the 
SBAB Group and/or the Issuer. Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative 
effect on the SBAB Group’s or the Issuer’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not cover continuous payment to 
be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise capital on attractive terms, or at all), 
financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and results of operations (should its costs 
increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity requirements risks may affect the SBAB Group 
and/or the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the SBAB Group’s and/or the Issuer’s funding 
and liquidity position. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
As a bank and a financial institution, the SBAB Group is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
(“BRRD”) (which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) on 27 June 2019). The BRRD 
legislative package establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, 
requires EU credit institutions (such as the SBAB Group) to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the 
arrangements that are to be taken to restore the long-term viability of the institution in the event of a material 
deterioration of its financial condition. Accordingly, the requirements under the BRRD are comprehensive, and 
require the SBAB Group to take extensive measures to ensure compliance. 
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution authority 
upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers (used alone or in combination) 
include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain 
eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims including senior notes and subordinated notes into other securities, including CET1 
instruments of the surviving entity, which equity could also be subject to any further application of the general 
bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing institution’s debt could be subject to bail-in, except for certain 
classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities (such as the Covered Bonds). In addition to the 
general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the power, before any other resolution 
action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant capital instruments at the point of non-
viability. Ultimately, the authority has the power to take control of a failing institution and, for example, transfer 
the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending a private sector arrangement. All 
these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder approval. 
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish resolution authority (the Swedish 
National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgäldskontoret)) provided in the BRRD (as implemented into Swedish law) will 
affect the Issuer and the SBAB Group. However, in order to, among other things, ensure the effectiveness of bail-
in and other resolution tools, all in-scope institutions must have sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities 
available to absorb losses and contribute to recapitalisation if the bail-in tool were to be applied. Each institution 
must meet an individual minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) set by the relevant 
resolution authorities on a case by case basis. 
In early June 2021, the Swedish legislator approved legislation attributable to the Swedish implementation of 
BRRD II. The new legislation entered into force on 1 July 2021, including, inter alia, amendments to the applicable 
minimum MREL requirement. Amongst other things, the legislation stipulates that the new MREL requirements 
shall be fully complied with from 1 January 2024. This includes a minimum Pillar 1 subordination requirement

--- Page 18 ---
18(56) 
 
for “top-tier” banks (including the SBAB Group). This Pillar 1 subordination requirement is to be satisfied with 
own funds and other eligible MREL instruments meeting the applicable CRR requirements, including MREL 
instruments constituting senior non-preferred debt. 
In December 2023, the Swedish National Debt Office most recently decided on the MREL and subordination 
requirement that applies to the Issuer and the SBAB Group from 1 January 2024. The Issuer and the SBAB Group 
will therefore be required to maintain an amount of additional eligible liabilities in the form of senior non-preferred 
debt or other eligible MREL instruments in order to meet the new MREL requirements. 
If the SBAB Group or the Issuer were to experience difficulties in maintaining such eligible liabilities, it would 
have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations. This is likely to lead to a decrease in the SBAB 
Group’s revenue which, if its costs remain unchanged, would decrease its operating result. 
Further, given that the new MREL requirements must be met by all EU credit institutions, there is a risk that there 
is not a sufficient investor appetite in the debt markets for the aggregate volume of eligible liabilities that must be 
maintained, which would have a negative effect on the price and value of such instruments. The degree to which 
the price and value of such instruments may vary is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the SBAB 
Group’s and/or the Issuer’s revenue. 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), the EU and other regulatory bodies 
change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the SBAB Group’s and the 
Issuer’s financial statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict and could materially impact how 
the SBAB Group and the Issuer record and report their results of operations and financial condition. Changes in 
accounting standards may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition as, inter alia, the value of its 
assets may decrease, which may negatively affect its amount of funds available for payments under the Covered 
Bonds. 
In July 2014, the IASB issued a new accounting standard, International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial 
Instruments) (“IFRS 9”), which became effective from 1 January 2018 and replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 provides a 
new general hedge accounting model, to replace IAS 39, which is yet to be completed with a portfolio hedging 
model. The replacement of IAS 39 with IFRS 9 is not mandatory until the model is complete and the new model 
has not yet been implemented by the SBAB Group. It is currently not possible to determine the extent of the impact 
that an implementation of the hedge accounting model under IFRS 9 will have on CET1 capital as the new rules, 
and its impact on capital ratios, are not yet final. 
As a consequence of the new general hedge accounting model under IFRS 9, and the uncertainty regarding its 
implementation, there is a risk that the SBAB Group and/or the Issuer will be required to obtain additional capital 
in the future. There is, however, a risk that new equity capital or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital 
will not be available on attractive terms, or at all. The degree to which changes in accounting standards may affect 
the SBAB Group and/or the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the SBAB Group’s and/or 
the Issuer’s costs for regulatory capital. 
The EU covered bond framework and the Covered Bonds Act 
The European Union’s covered bond directive (EU) 2019/2162 and regulation (EU) 2019/2160 (together, the “EU 
Covered Bond Legislation”) came into effect on 7 January 2020 and on 8 July 2022, the EU Covered Bond 
Legislation was implemented in Sweden by amendments to the Covered Bonds Act. The Covered Bonds Act 
contains, inter alia, maturity extensions, provisions with regards to which assets may be included in the Cover 
Pool and a requirement of a certain liquidity buffer (see also Section “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds 
legislation”). For a covered bond that has been issued before 8 July 2022, the previous version of the Covered 
Bonds Act as in force until 8 July 2022 will, as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of 
such covered bond’s maturity.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, legal practice from the SFSA relating to the new rules is limited. 
In addition to the Covered Bonds Act the SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority 
conferred on it by the Covered Bonds Act (Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda 
obligationer (FFFS 2013:1), most recently updated version FFFS 2022:12) (the “SFSA Regulation”) (see also 
Section “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds legislation”).  
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the Covered Bonds Act or the SFSA Regulation may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
19(56) 
 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
Even though the Covered Bonds have the benefit of priority in respect of the Cover Pool, investors investing in 
the Covered Bonds assume a credit risk on the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are solely obligations of the Issuer and 
are not obligations of, or guaranteed by, any other entities. In particular, the Covered Bonds are not obligations of, 
and are not guaranteed by, Sweden, SBAB or any other entity in the SBAB Group. No liability whatsoever in 
respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Covered Bonds shall be accepted by any of 
Sweden, SBAB or any other entity in the SBAB Group. 
The assets in the Cover Pool are owned by the Issuer but, in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, will not be 
available to other creditors until the Bondholders, Other Covered Bondholders and related derivative 
counterparties have been repaid in full (except in limited circumstances if the administrator-in-bankruptcy grants 
an advance dividend to unsecured creditors). To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and other 
covered bonds are not met out of the assets in the Cover Pool, the residual claims will rank pari passu with other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. See also the Section “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds 
legislation”. 
Non-compliance with matching rules 
According to the Covered Bonds Act, the Issuer must comply with certain matching requirements, which, inter 
alia, require that the nominal value and the present value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool, respectively, 
exceed the nominal value and the present value of liabilities which relate to the Covered Bonds issued from time 
to time, with respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent. In order to comply with 
these requirements, the Issuer may enter into and shall take into account the effect of relevant derivative contracts. 
To do so, the Issuer is dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and 
also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual obligations. The present value of the derivative contracts 
shall be included when determining whether the present value of the Cover Pool exceeds the present value of the 
liabilities relating to Covered Bonds. 
A breach of the matching requirements prior to the Issuer’s bankruptcy in the circumstances where no additional 
assets are available to the Issuer, or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire additional assets, could result in the Issuer 
being unable to issue further Covered Bonds. 
If, following the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act 
(including the matching requirements), and the deviations are not just temporary and minor, the Cover Pool may 
no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous payment under the terms and conditions of the covered bonds 
and derivative contracts will cease. The Bondholders would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in 
the proceeds of a sale of the assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result 
in the Bondholders receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the Bondholders are not paid in 
full. However, the Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers would retain the benefit of the right of priority in 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers 
remain valid claims against the Issuer, but will rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer. 
No events of default 
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default provisions relating to the Issuer, the 
occurrence of which would entitle Bondholders to accelerate repayment of the Covered Bond Loans, and the 
Bondholders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall 
due under the Conditions of the relevant Covered Bond Loan. The absence of any events of default in the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds may make it less likely that Bondholders will recoup their investment in full in 
the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress.  
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in Swedish Law 
or administrative practice 
The Conditions are governed by Swedish Law. The maintenance and priority of the Covered Bonds are mainly 
regulated by the Covered Bonds Act, the SFSA’s regulations and general guidelines regarding covered bonds 
(Sw. Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda obligationer (FFFS 2013:1), most 
recently updated version FFFS 2022:12) and the Rights of Priority Act (Sw. förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)). No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Swedish laws or regulations

--- Page 20 ---
20(56) 
 
or the administrative practice relating thereto after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. Any such 
change, and in particular changes relating to the Covered Bonds Act, the SFSA’s regulations and general guidelines 
regarding covered bonds and the Rights of Priority Act, could materially adversely impact the value of any Covered 
Bonds affected by it. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors 
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Covered Bonds Act does not give clear guidance on certain issues, 
which may lead to a conflict between the Bondholders, the Other Covered Bondholders and the Eligible Swap 
Providers on the one hand and other creditors of the Issuer on the other hand. Examples of such issues are: (a) how 
proceeds from a loan partly registered to the Cover Pool should be distributed between the portion of such loan 
registered to the Cover Pool and the portion of such loan not registered to the Cover Pool, and (b) how the proceeds 
of enforcement of a mortgage certificate should be distributed if this serves as collateral for two different loans 
ranking pari passu in the mortgage certificate where one such loan is not wholly or partly registered to the Cover 
Pool. The lack of clear guidance on these and similar issues may lead to unsecured creditors arguing that part of 
the proceeds from a loan and/or mortgage certificate should not be included in the Cover Pool or to any creditors 
with loans that rank pari passu in a mortgage certificate which also serves as collateral for a loan registered to the 
Cover Pool arguing that part of the proceeds from such mortgage certificate should not be included in the Cover 
Pool. 
Any assets of the Issuer that are not included in the Cover Pool will be available to meet the claims of the 
Bondholders and the Other Covered Bondholders through dividends in the bankruptcy (advance and/or final) if 
the assets in the Cover Pool are insufficient to pay the claims of the Bondholders and the Other Covered 
Bondholders in respect of such Cover Pool in full. When one mortgage certificate serves as collateral for two loans 
and one of such loans is held by SBAB as creditor and the other loan is registered to the Cover Pool, SBAB has 
agreed with the Issuer to subordinate its claim to the benefit of the Issuer in accordance with the Subordination 
Agreement. Furthermore, SBAB will, pursuant to the Master Sale Agreement (as defined under “Information 
relating to SCBC”), represent to the Issuer that, at the time of the sale of any loans in respect of which the related 
mortgage certificate also serves as shared security (Sw. gemensam säkerhet) for a loan from a party other than the 
Issuer or SBAB, such party has entered into a subordination agreement with the Issuer which is substantially the 
same as the Subordination Agreement and to repurchase the relevant loan if such representation was breached at 
the time of sale. 
Levy of execution on the assets in the Cover Pool 
Although the Rights of Priority Act prescribes that a special right of priority applies upon both bankruptcy and 
levy of execution, it has been argued with considerable authority that, as the Swedish Enforcement Code 
(Sw. utsökningsbalken (1981:774)) does not protect the special right of priority of a holder of covered bonds in 
competition with another creditor seeking execution, such a creditor may, through levy of execution, obtain a right 
which is superior to the right of priority accorded to holders of covered bonds under the Rights of Priority Act. 
Such preference right may be challenged by a bankruptcy administrator and be voidable if the preference was 
obtained within three months prior to the commencement of the Issuer’s bankruptcy proceedings on the basis that 
such creditor has been preferred over the Bondholders, the Other Covered Bondholders and the Issuer’s ordinary 
creditors. If such challenge is not made, this could ultimately result in a reduction in the return to the Bondholders. 
Payment of advance dividends post Issuer’s bankruptcy 
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, an administrator-in-bankruptcy could make advance dividend payments 
(Sw. förskottsutdelning) to creditors other than the Bondholders, the Other Covered Bondholders and the Eligible 
Swap Providers. The payment of advance dividends could result in Bondholders not being paid in a timely manner. 
It is likely that an administrator-in-bankruptcy would only authorise such advance dividend payments if satisfied 
that the Cover Pool contained significantly more assets than necessary to pay amounts owing to the Bondholders, 
the Other Covered Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers before making such payment.  
Additionally, the Issuer’s estate would be entitled to have any advance dividend repaid should the Cover Pool 
subsequently prove to be insufficient to make payments to the Bondholders, the Other Covered Bondholders and 
the Eligible Swap Providers as a result of the payment of advance dividends. The right to reclaim advance 
dividends may also be secured by a bank guarantee or equivalent security pursuant to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act 
(Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)). 
SBAB has agreed that all its claims against the Issuer (except in relation to claims deriving from any Eligible 
Swap) shall be subordinated to the claims of the Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers in case of 
bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 21 ---
21(56) 
 
Liquidity following bankruptcy 
Upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, neither the credit institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability 
to issue further covered bonds. Whilst there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to 
raise post-bankruptcy liquidity in other ways, the Covered Bonds Act gives the administrators-in-bankruptcy an 
explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy 
estate with a view to attaining matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets 
in the Cover Pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may also raise 
liquidity by, for example, selling assets in the Cover Pool on the market. If the bankruptcy estate is not able to 
raise sufficient liquidity, this could result in Bondholders not being paid in a timely manner. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds which are linked to “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as STIBOR) are the subject of recent and 
ongoing national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and was applied as of 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
EU. Among other things, it: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) 
the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark and the trading 
market for such Covered Bonds. 
The Swedish Bankers’ Association has held a consultation on a possible recommendation for a STIBOR fallback 
rate, normally referred to as SWESTR (Swedish krona Short Term Rate) that ended on 10 June 2021. The Swedish 
Central Bank (Sveriges Riksbank) announced on 22 June 2021 that SWESTR can be used in financial transactions 
from 2 September 2021. SWESTR could thereby, in the event of STIBOR no longer being published or 
administrated, work as a replacement rate for STIBOR from such date. The General Terms and Conditions provide 
that the interest rate benchmark STIBOR, which applies for the Covered Bonds, can be replaced as set out therein, 
upon the occurrence of a Base Rate Event which includes if STIBOR ceases to be calculated or administered. Such 
replacement shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Should STIBOR or the 
administrator not be approved under the Benchmarks Regulation, or for any other reason ceases to be calculated 
or administered and be replaced by SWESTR or another interest rate benchmark, there is a risk that such 
replacement is not made in an effective manner and consequently, if STIBOR ceases to be calculated or 
administered, an investor in the Covered Bonds would be adversely affected. The degree to which amendments to 
and application of the Benchmarks Regulation may affect the Bondholders is uncertain and presents a highly 
significant risk to the return on the Bondholder’s investment. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds aimed at preventing the Issuer’s 
insolvency 
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms for any Covered Bonds (and provided 
such Final Terms sets out the Extended Final Maturity Date), and the Issuer has received an Extension Approval 
from the SFSA, payment of any unpaid amounts shall be automatically deferred until the Extended Final Maturity 
Date. Prior to the SFSA’s decision on an Extension Approval, the Swedish National Debt Office and the Swedish

--- Page 22 ---
22(56) 
 
Central Bank (Sveriges Riksbank) shall be given the opportunity to comment. In the event that the prerequisites 
for an Extension Approval are met, a subsequent declaration on the Issuer’s bankruptcy or resolution would not 
affect the Extended Final Maturity. 
The Issuer shall notify the Bondholders of such Extended Final Maturity, but any failure to do so will not in any 
event prevent the extension to the Extended Final Maturity Date or give any Bondholder any right to receive any 
payment of interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set 
out in the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Extended Final Maturity Date will be the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount at the floating rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date 
up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make 
payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment 
by the Issuer. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer. 
If an extension of the Maturity Date as described above occurs, Bondholders will not be entitled to terminate or 
declare the Covered Bonds due for payment or any other right to direct claims against the Issuer. In addition, no 
payments will be made to the Bondholders until the Extended Final Maturity Date. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that Bondholders will not receive a repayment of the principal amount on the Maturity Date. 
The value of fixed interest rate Covered Bond Loans may be adversely affected by 
movements in market interest rates 
Covered Bond Loans with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Covered 
Bond Loans. During that time, Bondholders of Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate are exposed to the risk that 
the price of such Covered Bond Loans may fall because of changes in the market yield. While the nominal interest 
rate of Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate is fixed until the Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds, the market 
yield typically changes on a daily basis. As the market yield changes, the price of Covered Bonds with fixed 
interest rate changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market yield increases, the price of such Covered Bonds 
falls and if the market yield falls, the price of such Covered Bonds increases. There is a risk that the price of 
Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate is adversely affected by movements of the market yield, which, if a 
Bondholder decides to sell Covered Bonds in the secondary market, will result in such Bondholders losing a 
significant part of their investment in such Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the market in general 
An active secondary market in respect of Covered Bonds may never be established or may 
be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell the 
Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
Covered Bonds does develop, it may not be liquid or may become illiquid at a later stage. Therefore, Bondholders 
may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case where the Issuer is in 
financial distress, which may result in a sale of Covered Bonds at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amount due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer 
under an Eligible Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under such 
Eligible Swap. If the Issuer defaults under an Eligible Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Eligible 
Swap Provider will not be obliged to make further payments under that Eligible Swap and may terminate that 
Eligible Swap. If an Eligible Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of 
termination it may have, or if it defaults in its obligation to make payments under an Eligible Swap or ceases to be 
an Eligible Swap Provider (as a result of a down-grade or otherwise), the Issuer may be exposed to (i) changes in 
currency exchange rates and in the associated interest rates on the currencies and (ii) changes in interest rates. 
Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
23(56) 
 
The Issuer may enter into Non-Cover Pool Swaps in respect of assets owned by the Issuer from time to time which 
are not registered in the Cover Pool. If the relevant Non-Cover Pool Swap Provider is not obliged to make 
payments, or if it exercises any right of termination it may have under the relevant Non-Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement (as defined under “Appendix – certain defined terms and construction”), or if it defaults in its 
obligations to make payments under a Non-Cover Pool Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in interest 
rates in respect of those assets which are not registered to the Cover Pool. 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor’s home 
currency, such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely 
affecting the value of the holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in 
relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in SEK for each Covered Bond Loan. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than SEK. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of SEK or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative SEK would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on such Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on such Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of such Covered Bonds.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 24 ---
24(56) 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) apply for Loans represented 
by Covered Bonds that AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ) with the parallel trade name The Swedish 
Covered Bond Corporation (Reg. No. 556645-9755) (“SCBC”) issues in the capital market under an agreement 
with the Dealers in respect of a Swedish programme for the continuous issuance of covered bonds 
(Sw. säkerställda obligationer) (the “Programme”). 
For each Loan, final terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions (the “Final Terms”), 
which together with these General Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and conditions for the 
relevant Loan (the “Conditions”). Final Terms for Loans that are offered to the public will be published on SCBC’s 
website (www.sbab.se) and made available at the office of SCBC. For as long as a Loan is outstanding, SCBC will 
keep the General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such Loan available on its website. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to them below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(Sw. kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through 
which a Bondholder has opened a VP Account in respect of its Covered Bonds; 
“Adjusted Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the Total Nominal Amount excluding 
Covered Bonds held by SCBC and any other member of the SBAB Group, irrespective of whether 
such entity is registered by name as the Bondholder of such Covered Bonds; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Base 
Rate or Alternative Base Rate, as the case may be and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Base Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the applicable Base Rate with the relevant Successor Base Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Base Rate) 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with SCBC) or SCBC (as the case may be) 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base 
Rate, as the case may be, in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the applicable Base Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser or SCBC (as the case may be) determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with SCBC) or SCBC (as the case may be) 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the applicable Base Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Base Rate or the Alternative Base Rate, as the case may 
be; 
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Loan is issued through two or more Issuing Houses, the Issuing 
House appointed by SCBC to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in respect of the Loan as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan is issued through only one Issuing House, the 
Issuing House;  
“Alternative Base Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the applicable Base Rate in and which is customarily applied in the relevant 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes denominated 
in Swedish Kronor and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to 
the applicable Base Rate;

--- Page 25 ---
25(56) 
 
“Base Rate” means STIBOR or, following the occurrence of a Base Rate Event, any reference rate 
replacing STIBOR in accordance with Section 12 (Base Rate replacement); 
“Base Rate Determination Date” means as set forth in paragraph in Section 12.2.1(a); 
“Base Rate Event” means:  
(a) 
the applicable Base Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) consecutive 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the applicable Base Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the applicable Base Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the applicable Base Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the applicable Base Rate that the 
applicable Base Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the applicable Base Rate as a 
consequence of which the applicable Base Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for SCBC or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Bondholder using the applicable Base Rate;  
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d), the Base Rate Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the applicable Base Rate, the discontinuation of the applicable 
Base Rate, or the prohibition of use of the applicable Base Rate, as the case may be, and not the date 
of the relevant public statement; 
“Bondholder” means the person recorded on a VP Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or 
nominee (Sw. förvaltare) of a Covered Bond; 
“Bondholders’ Meeting” means a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of a Loan as described in 
Section 10 (Bondholders’ Meeting); 
“Business Day” means a day which is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or which is not 
treated as a public holiday for the purpose of payment of promissory notes. In this definition, 
Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year’s 
Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall be deemed public holidays; 
“Covered Bond” means a unilateral promissory note which is registered in accordance with the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and issued by SCBC in accordance with the Conditions 
and coupled with rights of priority in SCBC’s cover pool pursuant to the Swedish Covered Bonds Act 
(Sw. lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer); 
“Covered Bond Directive” means Directive 2019/2162/EU on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU; 
“Day Count Convention” means, when determining an amount for a certain determination period, 
the counting basis stated in the relevant Final Terms, and; 
(a) 
if the counting basis “30/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be calculated 
using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a 
fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the counting basis “Actual/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360; 
“Dealers” means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and such 
other dealer (Sw. emissionsinstitut) appointed in accordance with Section 13.3, but only for so long 
as such dealer has not withdrawn as a dealer;

--- Page 26 ---
26(56) 
 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
“Extended Final Maturity” has the meaning set out in Section 5.1. 
“Extended Final Maturity Date” has the meaning set out in Section 5.2  
“Extension Approval” has the meaning set out in Section5.2. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of repute in the debt capital 
markets where the Base Rate is commonly used or other independent financial adviser experienced in 
the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used, in each case appointed by SCBC at 
its own expense; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means, for a Loan, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Rate” means: 
(a) 
until (and including) the Maturity Date (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) for a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest 
rate calculated in accordance with Section 6.1(b); and  
(b) 
if applicable, from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, a floating interest rate calculated in accordance with Section 6.1(c).  
“Issue Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issuing House” means the Dealer(s) through which a particular Loan is issued; 
“Loan” means each loan with a separate ISIN code, comprising Covered Bonds with the same ISIN 
code, which SCBC issues under this Programme; 
“Margin” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Interest Rate” has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Interest Rate” has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each Covered Bond that is stated in the relevant Final 
Terms less any amount repaid, cancelled or written down in accordance with the Conditions or 
applicable legislation; 
“Record Date” means: 
(a) 
the Business Day before the payment date in respect of principal amounts payable under the 
Conditions; and 
(b) 
the fifth Business Day before (i) the payment date in respect of interest amounts payable 
under the Conditions, (ii) another date when payment is to be made to Bondholders (other 
than payment of principal), (iii) the date of a Bondholders’ Meeting, or (iv) another relevant 
date (other than a payment date for principal amounts payable under the Conditions), 
or, in each case, such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the 
Swedish bond market; 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ); 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU;

--- Page 27 ---
27(56) 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means in relation to a reference rate: 
(a) 
the administrator of the reference rate, or any entity under the common control as the 
administrator of the reference rate; 
(b) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
reference rate; or 
(c) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Council or any part thereof; 
“SBAB Group” means SBAB Bank AB (publ), SCBC and their respective subsidiaries from time to 
time; 
“Settlement Bank” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or such other settlement bank 
(Sw. likvidbank) appointed by SCBC for the functions set out in Section 4.5; 
“STIBOR” means, unless and until a Base Rate Event has occurred, the interest rate: 
(a) 
that is administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
on a daily basis (or by any benchmark administrator replacing the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility) and published on Refinitiv’s webpage “STIBOR=” (or on any 
replacement webpage) (or on such other webpage that replaces the webpage mentioned) or, 
if such quotation does not exist; 
(b) 
at the mentioned time equivalent to (i) the mean of the Reference Banks’ quoted interest 
rates for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the Stockholm interbank 
market - or - if only one or no such quotation is given - (ii) the Administrative Agent’s 
assessment of the interest rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for lending of 
SEK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the inter-bank market Stockholm. 
Following the occurrence of a Base Rate Event, STIBOR, (if applicable, as modified by an application 
of the fallback provisions above) means a Successor Base Rate or an Alternative Base Rate (as 
applicable) replacing STIBOR determined in accordance with Section 12 (Base Rate replacement); 
“Successor Base Rate” means the rate that an Independent Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or the replacement of the applicable Base Rate and which is formally 
recommended by a Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Swedish 
Financial 
Instruments 
Accounts 
Act” 
means 
lagen 
(1998:1479) 
om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument; 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden; 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds outstanding at the relevant time; and 
“VP Account” means a securities account (Sw. VP-konto) under the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act maintained by Euroclear Sweden in which (i) an owner of such security is directly 
registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
1.2 
Further definitions are contained (where relevant) in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
RAISING 
OF 
LOANS, 
LOAN 
AMOUNT, 
DENOMINATION 
AND 
PAYMENT 
COMMITMENT 
2.1 
Under this Programme SCBC may issue Covered Bonds in Swedish Kronor with a minimum term of 
one (1) year. Under a Loan, Covered Bonds may be issued in more than one (1) tranche.

--- Page 28 ---
28(56) 
 
2.2 
The Total Nominal Amount will be determined when the sale of the Covered Bonds has been 
completed and shall be represented by Covered Bonds in the denomination in SEK specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or in whole multiples thereof. 
2.3 
SCBC undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each Loan in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
2.4 
In subscribing for Covered Bonds each initial Bondholder accepts that its Covered Bonds shall have 
the rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Conditions. In acquiring Covered Bonds, each 
new Bondholder confirms such acceptance. 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF COVERED BONDS 
3.1 
Upon issuance, Covered Bonds shall be registered in a VP Account on behalf of the Bondholder and 
accordingly no physical notes representing the Covered Bonds will be issued. 
3.2 
A request concerning the initial registration of a Covered Bond in a VP account in accordance with 
Section 3.1 shall be made by SCBC to the relevant Account Operator. 
3.3 
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Covered Bond through a mandate, a 
pledge, regulations in the Children and Parents Code (Sw. föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions in 
a will or deed of gift or in some other way shall register his or her right to payment. 
3.4 
For Covered Bonds registered in the name of a nominee in accordance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act, the nominee shall be regarded as the Bondholder under these Conditions. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date, except as provided in Section 5 (Extension of Maturity Date). 
Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
4.2 
On the Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as applicable, the Loan shall be repaid 
together with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
applicable, falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Loan shall be repaid on the next following 
Business Day. 
4.3 
Should an Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date (as 
applicable) occur on a day that is not a Business Day, the relevant interest payment shall be made: 
(a) 
for Loans with floating interest rate, on the next following Business Day, provided that such 
Business Day does not occur in a new month in which case the relevant interest payment 
shall be made on the first preceding Business Day instead; and 
(b) 
for Loans with fixed interest rate, on the next following Business Day provided, however, 
that interest in this regard is only paid up to and including the Interest Payment Date, the 
Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date (as applicable). 
4.4 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is a Bondholder on 
the applicable Record Date for such payment, or to such other person who is registered with Euroclear 
Sweden on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment or repayment amount. 
4.5 
SCBC has appointed the Settlement Bank to administrate payments under Covered Bonds and the 
Settlement Bank has accepted this appointment on the condition that SCBC provides the Settlement 
Bank with the necessary means. 
4.6 
Where the Bondholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record that the principal and interest 
are to be credited to a particular bank account, the payments will be made through Euroclear Sweden 
on the relevant due dates. If no such instructions have been given, Euroclear Sweden will withhold 
the amount to be paid until the Bondholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record such bank

--- Page 29 ---
29(56) 
 
account, and no penalty and/or other additional interest or fee shall be payable as a result of such 
withholding. If the due date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the amount will be credited 
to an account or made available to the payee in accordance with what is set out in Section 4.2 and 
Section 4.3 (as applicable). 
4.7 
If the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden is unable to pay the amount in the manner stated above 
as a result of some delay on the part of SCBC or because of some other obstacle, then, as soon as the 
obstacle has been removed, the amount shall be paid by the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden, as 
applicable, to the person registered as Bondholder on the Record Date. 
4.8 
If SCBC is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden 
in the manner stated above due to obstacles for the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden as stated in 
Section 16.1, SCBC shall have a right to postpone the obligation to pay until the obstacle has been 
removed. In such case, interest will be calculated in accordance with Section 7.2. 
4.9 
In the event that the person to whom the amount was paid in the manner stated above was not entitled 
to receive it, SCBC, the Settlement Bank and Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall nevertheless be 
regarded as having fulfilled their obligations. However, this does not apply if SCBC, the Settlement 
Bank or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, was aware that the person to whom the amount was paid 
was not entitled to receive it or if SCBC, the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, 
neglected to show the necessary care given the circumstances. 
5. 
EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE 
5.1 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will 
be repaid by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject as provided below if an extension of the Maturity Date (an “Extended 
Final Maturity”) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.2 
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable to a Covered Bond in the applicable Final 
Terms, then the Maturity Date shall be automatically deferred to the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
in each case subject to (i) such extension being approved by the SFSA as a result of it being deemed 
likely that the extension will prevent insolvency (Sw. obestånd) of the Issuer or otherwise as a result 
of a trigger of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Swedish Covered Bonds Act or any other 
legislation that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered Bond Directive (an “Extension 
Approval”); and (ii) the Final Terms specifies the date being the extended final maturity date 
(the “Extended Final Maturity Date”).  
5.3 
Where the applicable Final Terms provides that Extended Final Maturity applies, any such failure by 
the Issuer to pay (in full) the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a 
default in payment. 
5.4 
If the Maturity Date is extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with this Section 5, 
the Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Administrative Agent (and instruct the Administrative 
Agent to notify Euroclear Sweden) and the Bondholders in accordance with Section 15 (Notices) 
(however, any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not in any event affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give any Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in 
these Conditions). 
5.5 
Any extension of the maturity of a Covered Bond in accordance with this Section 5 shall be 
irrevocable. Where Section 5.2 applies, any extension of the maturity of a Covered Bond shall not for 
any purpose or give any Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or 
otherwise on the relevant Covered Bond other than as expressly set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions.  
5.6 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Loan under this Section 5, interest shall be determined 
and payable in accordance with Section 6.1(c).

--- Page 30 ---
30(56) 
 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
The relevant Final Terms shall state the relevant interest structure using one of the following 
alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed interest rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with fixed interest rate, the Loan shall bear interest on its 
Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. Interest accrued during an Interest Period is paid in 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating interest rate 
(i) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with floating interest rate, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate applicable to each 
respective Interest Period is determined by SCBC on the respective Interest 
Determination Date as the applicable Base Rate plus the Margin for such period, 
adjusted for the application of Section 12 (Base Rate replacement). 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (i) above and subject to paragraph (iii) below, if the 
applicable Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the 
floating interest rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
(iii) 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(iv) 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of 
an obstacle such as is described in Section 16.1, the Loan shall continue to bear 
interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As 
soon as the obstacle has been removed, SCBC shall calculate a new Interest Rate to 
apply from the second Business Day after the date of calculation until the end of 
the current Interest Period.  
(v) 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360, or by 
using such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Extended Final Maturity applies 
If Extended Final Maturity is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Loan and 
the maturity of such Loan is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Section 
5 (Extension of Maturity Date):  
(i) 
the Loan shall bear interest from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Final Maturity Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall 
fall no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Section 6.1(c)(i) will be a 
floating interest rate calculated in accordance with Section 6.1(b) but on the basis 
of the Interest Base, Margin, Interest Determination Date(s), Interest Period(s) and 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified as applying in relation to the period from (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date 
in the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the 
Administrative Agent, three (3) Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of 
the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
31(56) 
 
7. 
PENALTY INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of delay in payment relating to principal (except, in relation to any Maturity Date extended 
in accordance with Section 5 (Extension of Maturity Date), in which case penalty interest shall be 
paid on the amount due from such Extended Final Maturity Date) and/or interest (except in accordance 
with Section 4.6), penalty interest shall be paid on the amount due from the due date up to (and 
including) the day on which payment is made, at an interest rate which corresponds to one week’s 
STIBOR applicable on the first Business Day in each calendar week during the course of delay plus 
two percentage points. However, penalty interest according to this Section 7.1 shall never be lower 
than the Interest Rate at the due date plus two percentage points. Penalty interest is not compounded 
with the principal amount. 
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Section 16.1 on the part of the Issuing House(s), 
the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden or otherwise out of control of SCBC, no penalty interest 
shall apply, in which case the rate of interest which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due 
date shall apply instead. 
8. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING ON REGULATED MARKET 
If admission to trading is specified in the relevant Final Terms for a Loan, SCBC shall apply to have 
the Loan admitted to trading at the specified listing venue. As long as a Loan is outstanding, but not 
beyond the Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, if applicable) or the last day on which 
the admission to trading reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations, subsist, SCBC 
shall take such practicably possible measures that may be required to maintain the admission to trading 
at the specified listing venue or any other Regulated Market. 
9. 
REPURCHASE OF COVERED BONDS 
SCBC may repurchase Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise 
provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Covered Bonds held by SCBC may be retained, 
resold or cancelled at SCBC’s discretion. 
10. 
BONDHOLDERS’ MEETING 
10.1 
The Administrative Agent may and, at the request of another Issuing House with respect to a specific 
Loan, SCBC or Bondholders that at the time of such request represent at least ten (10) per cent of the 
Adjusted Total Nominal Amount under a particular Loan (such a request can only be made by 
Bondholders entered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) on the Business Day occurring immediately 
after the date that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by a number 
of Bondholders, be made jointly), shall, convene a Bondholders’ Meeting for the Bondholders under 
the relevant Loan. A Bondholder shall, if requested by the Administrative Agent, provide evidence 
that such person was a Bondholder on the relevant Business Day. 
10.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Bondholders’ Meeting by sending notice of this to each 
Bondholder within five (5) Business Days of having received a request pursuant to Section 10.1 (or a 
later date if this is required for technical or administrative reasons). The Administrative Agent shall 
also, without delay, inform each Issuing House in writing about such notice.  
10.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision has to be approved by any party in addition to the Bondholders and this party has notified 
the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
10.4 
The notice of the meeting described in Section 10.2 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place 
for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a 
Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) a form of power of attorney, and 
(v) the agenda for the meeting. The background and contents of each proposal as well as any 
applicable conditions and conditions precedent shall be set out in the notice in sufficient detail. If a 
proposal concerns an amendment to the Conditions, such proposed amendment must always be set

--- Page 32 ---
32(56) 
 
out in precise detail. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the 
Bondholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
10.5 
The Bondholders’ Meeting shall be held on a date that is between ten (10) and thirty (30) Business 
Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Bondholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the 
Covered Bond Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
10.6 
Without deviating from the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such further provisions relating to the convention of and holding of the 
Bondholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. Such provisions may include, among other things, 
the possibility of Bondholders voting without attending the meeting in person or by telephone. 
10.7 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney in accordance with 
Section 11 (Right to act on behalf of Bondholders) by someone who is, a Bondholder on the Record 
Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Bondholders’ Meeting. Each 
Bondholder, or person representing a Bondholder, shall provide to the Administrative Agent evidence 
that the relevant person was a Bondholder on the Record Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting and the 
notice convening the meeting sent pursuant to Section 10.2.  
10.8 
The meeting shall be initiated by the appointment of a chairman. The Administrative Agent shall 
appoint the chairman unless the Bondholders’ Meeting decides differently. Board members, the chief 
executive officer and other senior officials of SCBC as well as SCBC’s auditors and advisors have 
the right to participate at the Bondholders’ Meeting in addition to the Bondholders, their 
representatives and advisors and the Administrative Agent. The chairman shall compile a list of 
present Bondholders with voting rights that includes information on the share of the Adjusted Total 
Nominal Amount that each Bondholder represents (“voting list”). The voting list shall be approved 
by the Bondholders’ Meeting. Only persons who on the Record Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting 
were Bondholders, or who have been authorised in accordance with Section 11 (Right to act on behalf 
of Bondholders) by persons who were Bondholders on the Record Date, may exercise voting rights at 
the Bondholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant Covered Bonds are included in the Adjusted 
Total Nominal Amount, and only such Bondholders and authorised persons, as applicable, shall be 
included in the voting list. 
10.9 
The chairman shall ensure that minutes are kept at the Bondholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall 
include notes as to the participants, the issues dealt with, the voting results and the decisions that were 
made. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one person appointed at the 
Bondholders’ Meeting to approve the minutes and shall thereafter be delivered to the Administrative 
Agent. The minutes shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Administrative Agent. 
New or revised General Terms and Conditions or Final Terms shall be appended to the minutes and 
sent to Euroclear Sweden by the Administrative Agent or by any party appointed by the 
Administrative Agent. The minutes shall be kept by the Administrative Agent.  
10.10 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Bondholders representing at least ninety 
(90) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Bondholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
a change of Maturity Date, reduction of Nominal Amount, changes in terms relating to 
interest or amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with what is stated in the 
Conditions, including what follows from the application of Section 12 (Base Rate 
replacement)) and change in the specified currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
a transfer by SCBC of its rights and obligations under the Loan; 
(c) 
a change to the terms of this Section 10 (Bondholders’ Meeting); and 
(d) 
a mandatory exchange of Covered Bonds for other securities.

--- Page 33 ---
33(56) 
 
10.11 
Matters that are not covered by Section 10.10 require the approval of Bondholders representing more 
than fifty (50) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are 
voting under the relevant Loan at the Bondholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, 
changes to and waivers of rights related to the Conditions that do not require a greater majority (other 
than changes as described in Section 13 (Changes to terms, etc.)). 
10.12 
A Bondholders’ Meeting is quorate if Bondholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the 
Adjusted Total Nominal Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Section 10.10 and 
otherwise at least twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount under the relevant Loan 
are present at the meeting either in person or by telephone (or are present via an authorised 
representative). 
10.13 
If a Bondholders’ Meeting is not quorate, the Administrative Agent shall convene a new Bondholders’ 
Meeting (in accordance with Section 10.2) unless the relevant proposal has been withdrawn by the 
party or parties that initiated the Bondholders’ Meeting. With respect to the new Bondholders’ 
meeting, the quorum of the meeting is, including any matter in Section 10.10, the presence of any of 
the Bondholders with voting rights (regardless of the size of the holding of Covered Bonds). If the 
Bondholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for certain but not all matters which are to be 
decided on in the meeting, decisions shall be made in those matters for which a quorum is present 
whereas any other matters shall be referred to a new Bondholders’ Meeting. 
10.14 
A decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of SCBC or an Issuing 
House under the Conditions shall also require the approval of the party concerned. 
10.15 
A Bondholder that holds more than one Covered Bond is not required to vote for all the Covered 
Bonds it holds and is not required to vote in the same way for all the Covered Bonds it holds. 
10.16 
SCBC may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to payment being made to any Bondholder in 
order that this Bondholder will give its approval under the Conditions unless such payment is offered 
to all Bondholders that give their approval at a relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. 
10.17 
A decision made at a Bondholders’ Meeting is binding on all Bondholders under the relevant Loan 
irrespective of whether they are represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting. Bondholders that do not 
vote for a decision shall not be liable for losses that the decision causes to other Bondholders. 
10.18 
The Administrative Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a Bondholders’ Meeting, 
including reasonable payment to the Administrative Agent, shall be borne by SCBC. 
10.19 
At the Administrative Agent’s request, SCBC shall without delay provide the Administrative Agent 
with a certificate stating the Nominal Amount for Covered Bonds held by members of the 
SBAB Group on the relevant Record Date prior to a Bondholders’ Meeting, irrespective of whether 
such entities are registered by name as Bondholders of Covered Bonds. The Administrative Agent 
shall not be responsible for the content of such a certificate or otherwise be responsible for establishing 
whether a Covered Bond is held by a member of the SBAB Group. 
10.20 
Information on decisions taken at a Bondholders’ Meeting shall be notified without delay to the 
Bondholders under the relevant Loan by means of a press release, on SCBC’s website and in 
accordance with Section 15 (Notices). At the request of a Bondholder, the Administrative Agent shall 
provide the Bondholder with minutes of the relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. However, failure to 
notify the Bondholders as described above shall not affect the validity of the decision. 
11. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF BONDHOLDERS 
11.1 
If a party other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise a Bondholder’s rights under the Conditions or 
to vote at a Bondholders’ Meeting, such person shall be able to produce a proxy form or other 
authorisation document issued by the Bondholder or a chain of such proxy forms and/or authorisation 
documents from the Bondholder.

--- Page 34 ---
34(56) 
 
11.2 
A Bondholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Bondholder in respect of certain or 
all Covered Bonds held by the Bondholder. Such authorised party may act independently and is 
entitled to delegate its right to represent the Bondholder. 
12. 
BASE RATE REPLACEMENT 
12.1 
General 
Any determination to be made by or any changes to the Conditions to be specified by the Independent 
Adviser or SCBC in accordance with the provisions of this Section 12 (Base Rate replacement) shall 
at all times be made by such Independent Adviser or SCBC acting in good faith. 
12.2 
Base Rate determination 
12.2.1 
If a Base Rate Event has occurred, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
SCBC shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine, no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “Base 
Rate Determination Date”), a Successor Base Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor 
Base Rate, an Alternative Base Rate for purposes of determining the applicable Base Rate 
for the next succeeding Interest Period; 
(b) 
if SCBC is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Base Rate or an Alternative Base Rate prior to a Base 
Rate Determination Date, SCBC (acting in good faith) may determine a Successor Base Rate 
or, if there is no Successor Base Rate, an Alternative Base Rate, to constitute the Base Rate 
for the next succeeding Interest Period; and 
(c) 
if a Successor Base Rate or an Alternative Base Rate is determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) or (b) in this Section 12.2.1, such Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base 
Rate shall be the Base Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Section 12 (Base Rate replacement)), 
provided, however, that if paragraph (b) in this Section 12.2.1 applies and SCBC is unable 
to or does not determine a Successor Base Rate or an Alternative Base Rate prior to the 
relevant Base Rate Determination Date, the Base Rate applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Base Rate last determined for the preceding Interest 
Period. 
12.2.2 
If an Independent Adviser (in consultation with SCBC) or SCBC (as the case may be), determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Base Rate or the Alternative 
Base Rate and that such Adjustment Spread is determined by the Independent Adviser or SCBC, such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied. 
12.3 
Variation upon a Base Rate replacement 
12.3.1 
If the Independent Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) determines a Successor Base Rate, an Alternative 
Base Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, in accordance with Section 12.2 
(Base Rate determination), the Independent Adviser or SCBC (as applicable) may determine that 
amendments to the Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Base 
Rate or Alternative Base Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Base Rate Amendments”). 
12.3.2 
SCBC and the Administrative Agent shall, at the request and expense of SCBC, but subject to receipt 
by the Administrative Agent of the certificate referred to in Section 12.3.3, without the requirement 
for any consent or approval of the Bondholders, effect such Base Rate Amendments. The 
Administrative Agent shall however not be obliged to concur if in the opinion of the Administrative

--- Page 35 ---
35(56) 
 
Agent, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Administrative Agent in the Conditions. 
12.3.3 
SCBC shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base 
Rate and any Base Rate Amendments, give notice thereof to Euroclear Sweden, the Administrative 
Agent and the Bondholders in accordance with Section 15 (Notices). No later than giving the 
Administrative Agent such notice, SCBC shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of SCBC: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Base Rate Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant Successor Base Rate or 
Alternative Base Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any), and 
(iii) any Base Rate Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 12 (Base Rate replacement); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Base Rate Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any). 
12.3.4 
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate referred to in Section 12.3.3 
without further enquiry and without liability to any person. The Successor Base Rate or Alternative 
Base Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Base Rate 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base Rate and any Base Rate Amendments 
and without prejudice to the Administrative Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on SCBC, the Administrative Agent and the Bondholders. 
12.3.5 
Without prejudice to the obligations of SCBC under this Section 12 (Base Rate replacement), the 
original Base Rate and the fallback provisions contained within the definition of STIBOR will 
continue to apply unless and until a Base Rate Event has occurred. 
13. 
CHANGES TO TERMS, ETC. 
13.1 
SCBC and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error in these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
13.2 
SCBC and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error 
in the Final Terms of a particular Loan. SCBC and the Issuing House(s) may agree to amend the 
Conditions in respect of a particular Loan provided that such amendment is not detrimental to the 
Bondholders. 
13.3 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between SCBC and the dealer in question and SCBC 
will inform the Dealers thereof. A Dealer may step down as a Dealer, but an Administrative Agent in 
respect of a particular Loan may not step down unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its 
place. 
13.4 
SCBC and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the Bondholders, 
agree on and execute amendments to the Conditions in accordance with what is described in 
Section 12 (Base Rate replacement) and such amendments will be binding on those covered by the 
Conditions. 
13.5 
Amendments to or concession of Conditions in cases other than as set out in Sections 13.1–13.4 shall 
take place through a decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting as described in Section 10 (Bondholders’ 
Meeting). 
13.6 
Approval at a Bondholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the objective content 
of the amendment and need not contain the specific wording of the amendment.

--- Page 36 ---
36(56) 
 
13.7 
A decision on an amendment to the terms shall also include a decision on when the amendment is to 
take effect. However, an amendment shall not take effect until it has been registered with Euroclear 
Sweden (where relevant) and published on SCBC’s website. 
13.8 
The amendment or concession of terms as described in this Section 13 (Changes to terms, etc.) shall 
be promptly notified by SCBC to the Bondholders in accordance with Section 15 (Notices). 
14. 
TIME-BAR 
14.1 
Subject to Section 14.2, claims for the repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void 
ten (10) years after the Maturity Date or, if occurred, the Extended Final Maturity Date, and claims 
for the payment of interest shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years after the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. SCBC is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the 
Bondholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void. 
14.2 
If the limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(Sw. preskriptionslagen (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years will commence for 
claims in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both 
cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Act on Limitations 
concerning the effect of an interruption of the limitation period. 
15. 
NOTICES 
15.1 
Notices shall be provided to Bondholders for the relevant Loan at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day before dispatch. A notice to the Bondholders shall also be 
published by means of a press release and published on SCBC’s website. 
15.2 
Notices to SCBC, Euroclear Sweden or the Dealers (other than Nordea Bank Abp) shall be provided 
at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the 
Business Day before dispatch. 
15.3 
Notices to Nordea Bank Abp shall be provided at the address registered in the Finnish Trade Register, 
to the attention of Debt Capital Markets, on the Business Day prior to dispatch.  
15.4 
A notice in accordance with the Conditions that is sent by standard post shall be deemed to have been 
received by the recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and notices sent by courier shall be 
deemed to have been received by the recipient when delivered to the specified address. 
15.5 
In the event that a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Bondholder, the effectiveness of notices to 
other Bondholders shall be unaffected. 
16. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
16.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on SCBC, the Dealers, the Settlement Bank and Euroclear 
Sweden, respectively, the Dealers, the Settlement Bank and Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall 
not be held liable for any losses arising out of any Swedish or foreign legal enactment, or any measure 
undertaken by a Swedish or foreign public authority, or war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or any 
other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and lockouts 
applies even if the party concerned itself takes such measures or is subject to such measures. 
16.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by SCBC, a Dealer, the Settlement Bank or 
Euroclear Sweden if the relevant entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid 
for indirect losses. 
16.3 
Should SCBC, a Dealer, the Settlement Bank or Euroclear Sweden not be able to fulfil its obligations 
under the Conditions due to any circumstance set out in Section 16.1, such action may be postponed 
until the obstacle has been removed.

--- Page 37 ---
37(56) 
 
16.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act. 
17. 
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION 
17.1 
The Conditions shall be governed by Swedish law. 
17.2 
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall 
be the court of first instance. 
 
We hereby confirm that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
Solna, 17 juni 2022 
 
AB SVERIGES SÄKERSTÄLLDA OBLIGATIONER (PUBL) 
THE SWEDISH COVERED BOND CORPORATION

--- Page 38 ---
38(56) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for tranche(s) of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme  
 
FINAL TERMS 
for Loan No. [●] 
under AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ) with the parallel trade name The 
Swedish Covered Bond Corporation’s Programme for Continuous Issuance of Covered 
Bonds 
The following are the final terms and conditions (the “Final Terms”) of Loan No. [●], (the “Loan”) that 
AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ) with the parallel trade name The Swedish Covered Bond 
Corporation, Reg. No. 556645-9755 (“SCBC”) issues in the capital market in accordance with an agreement with 
the below-mentioned Issuing House(s). 
The Loan shall be subject to the general terms and conditions dated [●] (the “General Terms and Conditions”) 
set out in or incorporated by SCBC’s base prospectus for continuous issuance of Covered Bonds, dated [●] as 
supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”), and the Final Terms set out below. Words and expressions 
not defined in the Final Terms shall have the meaning set out in the General Terms and Conditions. 
This document constitutes the final terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus. Full information on SCBC and the offer of the Loan is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms, the Prospectus and any documents incorporated therein by reference. 
These documents are available via www.sbab.se. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE LOAN 
1. 
Loan no: 
[•] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount/Continuous 
issuance: 
Covered Bonds issued under this Loan shall be sold 
continuously at the prevailing market price. The Total 
Nominal Amount shall be determined when the sale of 
Covered Bonds is closed. 
 
(i) aggregated nominal amount for new 
tranche(s) of the Loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii) total aggregated nominal amount of 
the Loan: 
[•] 
3. 
Nominal 
Amount 
per 
Covered 
Bond: 
[•] 
4. 
Currency: 
SEK  
5. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
6. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date:] [[•]/Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[[•]/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[insert date]

--- Page 39 ---
39(56) 
 
 
(ii) Interest Base from (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date to (and including) 
the Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[•] month(s) STIBOR 
 
 
(iii) Margin from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
 
(iv) Interest Determination Date from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to 
(and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Two] Banking Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period, beginning on the Maturity Date 
 
(v) Interest Period from (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
The first Interest Period runs from [•] to and including [•], 
and thereafter from one Interest Payment Date to and 
including the next Interest Payment Date 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s) from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to 
(and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[•],[•],[•] and [•] each year (subject to the General Terms 
and Conditions), the first Interest Payment Date being on 
[•] 
9. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Each Covered Bond is repaid at par (i.e. at an amount equal 
to its Nominal Amount)]/[Specify amount] 
10. 
Type of Interest Rate: 
[Fixed interest rate] 
[Floating interest rate] 
11. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with fixed interest rate: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] each year (subject to the General Terms and Conditions), 
the first Interest Payment Date being on [•] 
 
(iii) Specific risk factors: 
[In accordance with the risk factor “[Interest rate risks]” in 
the Prospectus.] 
 
(iv) Day Count Convention: 
30/360 
12. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with floating interest rate: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Base Rate: 
[•] month(s) STIBOR  
 
(ii) Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
 
(iii) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period, beginning on [•] 
 
(vi) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [•] to and including [•], 
and thereafter from one Interest Payment Date to and 
including the next Interest Payment Date 
 
(vii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•],[•],[•] and [•] each year (subject to the General Terms 
and Conditions), the first Interest Payment Date being on 
[•] 
 
(viii) Day Count Convention: 
Actual/360

--- Page 40 ---
40(56) 
 
Other information 
13. 
Expected credit rating on the Issue 
Date: 
[•] 
14. 
Issuing House(s): 
[Specify all Dealers for all tranches of the Loan] 
15. 
Administrative Agent: 
[•] 
16. 
ISIN code: 
[•] 
17. 
Admission to Trading: 
[Not applicable] [Nasdaq Stockholm] [Specify other 
Regulated Market] 
18.  
The earliest date on which the 
Covered Bonds will be admitted to 
trading: 
[Issue Date] [Not applicable] [Specify details]  
19. 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to the admission to trading: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details]  
20. 
Total number of Covered Bonds 
admitted to trading: 
[•] [Will be determined when the sale of Covered Bonds is 
closed.] 
21. 
Resolutions as basis for the issuance: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details]  
22. 
Interests: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details]  
[If applicable, describe interests of individuals and legal 
entities involved in the issuance as well as a record of all 
interests and possible conflicts of interests of importance to 
the issuance together with records of those involved and the 
nature of the interest.] 
23. 
Information from third parties: 
[Not applicable] [Information in these Final Terms 
originating from third parties has been reproduced 
accurately and, as far as SCBC knows and can ascertain 
based on comparisons with other information published by 
relevant third parties, no information has been omitted in a 
way that may lead to the reproduced information being 
incorrect or misleading. The sources for such information 
are [•].]  
24. 
Use of proceeds: 
[General financing of SCBC’s and the SBAB Group’s 
business activities] / [Specify details] 
25. 
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[•] / [Total Nominal Amount] less customary transaction 
costs and fees (if any). 
 
We hereby confirm that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan No. [•] together with the General Terms and 
Conditions and undertake to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. We confirm that any 
material event after the date of the Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Loan have been 
made public. 
Solna, [DATE] 
AB SVERIGES SÄKERSTÄLLDA OBLIGATIONER (PUBL) 
THE SWEDISH COVERED BOND CORPORATION

--- Page 41 ---
41(56) 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SCBC 
Introduction 
SCBC was established with the trade name Lagrummet Augusti nr 52 Aktiebolag and registered in Sweden on 24 
June 2003. The shares in Lagrummet Augusti nr 52 Aktiebolag were acquired by SBAB on 13 October 2005. 
SCBC was acquired for the purpose of managing SBAB’s issuance of covered bonds. On 31 March 2006, SCBC 
was granted a licence by the SFSA to conduct financing operations (Sw. finansieringsrörelse) and to issue covered 
bonds under the Covered Bonds Act. On the same date, the change of name to AB Sveriges Säkerställda 
Obligationer (publ) with the parallel trade name The Swedish Covered Bond Corporation was registered with the 
Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket), where SCBC is registered. 
SCBC’s corporate identification number is 556645-9755, its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
1JDCK5BUVTXRHQBEPT93 and its postal address is P.O. Box 4209, SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden, telephone no. 
+46 8-614 43 00 and visiting address is Svetsarvägen 24, SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden. From its establishment date 
until 16 November 2015, SCBC’s principal place of business was Stockholm, Sweden and, as of 16 November 
2015, SCBC’s principal place of business has been Solna, Sweden. SCBC’s website is www.sbab.se. The 
information on SCBC’s website has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA and does not form part of this 
Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Relevant Legislation 
SCBC is a public limited liability company and is governed by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)) and its Articles of Association.  
SCBC undertakes financing operations and is therefore governed by the Swedish Banking and Financing Business 
Act and is under the supervision of the SFSA.  
SCBC has been granted a licence by the SFSA to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act.  
In addition, the Swedish Supervision of Credit and Investment Institutions Act (Sw. lagen (2014:968) om särskild 
tillsyn över kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag) and the Swedish Act on Capital Buffers (Sw. lagen (2014:966) 
om kapitalbuffertar) set forth certain requirements concerning capital adequacy which are based on the Bank for 
International Settlements regulations and EU capital requirements and, with effect from 1 January 2014, the 
CRD IV (as amended by CRD V) entered into force in Sweden. 
Operations 
SCBC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBAB. SBAB has been undertaking lending operations for over 20 years 
and in order to finance these operations SBAB has historically mainly issued debt instruments. The main debt 
instruments issued by SBAB have been Swedish mortgage bonds, bonds under its EMTN programme and 
commercial paper. Following the introduction of the Covered Bonds Act, SBAB decided to diversify its debt 
raising by also issuing covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Act. SBAB chose, instead of issuing covered 
bonds in its own name, to issue the covered bonds through a subsidiary, namely SCBC. In addition to the 
Programme, SCBC has established the Covered EMTN Programme, and may from time to time establish other 
cover bond programmes. The second largest funding source of SBAB is deposits, which have increased in recent 
years and reduced dependency on the capital market. Depositors include consumers, companies or tenant-owners’ 
associations saving money in SBAB’s savings accounts. 
SCBC does not conduct any new lending operations, but acquires loans primarily from SBAB and will potentially 
also acquire loans from others. SCBC and SBAB originally entered into the master sale agreement on 2 June 2006 
(as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Master Sale Agreement”), pursuant to which 
SCBC acquired an initial portfolio of loans from SBAB.  
The Master Sale Agreement also provides for the continuous transfer of loans from SBAB to SCBC on the terms 
and conditions stated in that agreement. 
SBAB’s claims for the purchase price of the loans acquired by SCBC pursuant to the Master Sale Agreement are 
(fully or partially) repaid concurrently with the issue of covered bonds by SCBC. SBAB’s claims under the Master 
Sale Agreement are subordinated in case of SCBC’s bankruptcy pursuant to the Subordination Agreement (as 
defined below) further described below. 
If SCBC intends to acquire assets directly from entities other than SBAB, it will enter into a new mortgage sale 
agreement with such entity.

--- Page 42 ---
42(56) 
 
The assets of SCBC that are not included in the Cover Pool will be available to satisfy Bondholders’ claims by 
Bondholders seeking execution against SCBC prior to SCBC’s bankruptcy or as dividends (advance and/or final) 
following the bankruptcy of SCBC if the assets in the Cover Pool are not sufficient to pay Bondholders’ claims 
against SCBC in full. However, there may be other creditors (other than SBAB) competing with the Bondholders 
or any Other Covered Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers in all or any part of the other assets of SCBC 
not comprising the Cover Pool. Further, SBAB has agreed, pursuant to the subordination agreement made between 
SBAB and SCBC originally entered into 2 June 2006 (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time, the “Subordinated Agreement”), that all its claims against SCBC (except in relation to claims deriving 
from the Eligible Swaps) will be subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against SCBC (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the Bondholders and the Eligible Swap Providers) in SCBC’s bankruptcy. As per 
31 December 2023, SEK 24,000 million of the total subordinated debt under the Subordination Agreement 
comprises internal group debt instruments (senior non-preferred notes) that were issued by SCBC to SBAB for the 
purpose of meeting the MREL requirement of the Issuer announced by the Swedish National Debt Office. 
Where one mortgage certificate serves as collateral for two loans and one of those loans is held by SBAB as 
creditor and the other loan is registered to the Cover Pool, SBAB has agreed with SCBC to subordinate its claim 
to the benefit of SCBC. Further, SBAB will represent to SCBC pursuant to the Master Sale Agreement that at the 
time of the sale of any loans in respect of which the related mortgage certificate also serves as shared security 
(Sw. gemensam säkerhet) for a loan from a party other than SCBC or SBAB, that such party has entered into a 
subordination agreement with SCBC which is substantially the same as the Subordination Agreement and to 
repurchase the relevant loan if such representation was breached at the time of sale. 
Outsourcing Agreement concerning certain services 
For the purpose of achieving efficiency benefits, SBAB and SCBC have agreed that SBAB shall undertake all 
services necessary for SCBC to be able to carry out its business operations. Pursuant to the Outsourcing 
Agreement, SBAB shall perform certain services that SCBC may need to carry out its business operations such as 
cash management services, services relating to the loans, monitoring the matching requirements in the Cover Pool 
and other business activities services. SBAB must also ensure that the Cover Pool is administrated in accordance 
with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Act applicable from time to time, regulations and general guidelines 
governing covered bonds issued by the SFSA, as amended or superseded, SCBC’s Articles of Association, the 
Conditions and the policies and instructions set by SCBC.  
Cover Pool Swaps 
SCBC and SBAB have entered into interest rate swap transactions governed by an ISDA Master Agreement, and 
SCBC may enter into additional interest rate swap transactions with SBAB or other third party counterparties, in 
respect of the assets registered in the Cover Pool (each, a “Cover Pool Swap”). The Cover Pool Swaps enable 
SCBC to convert SEK interest payments received by SCBC in respect of assets (other than Eligible Swaps) 
registered to the Cover Pool into floating payments linked to 3-month STIBOR. 
Falling within the exemption for intragroup transactions provided for under Articles 3 and 4.2 of the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) (Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories) and satisfying the requirement on notification to the SFSA set out in 
Article 4.2(a) of EMIR, the Cover Pool Swaps shall not be subject to the clearing obligation in EMIR. 
Financial Information 
SCBC was established on 24 June 2003 as a limited liability company with the minimum share capital SEK 
100,000 and was made a public company on 31 March 2006. 
The present share capital is SEK 50 million. SCBC’s entire share capital has been fully paid. Each share carries 
one vote. 
The financial statements of SCBC for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 have 
been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies 
(Sw. lagen (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag). SCBC applies IFRS as 
adopted by the European Union, and the Swedish Financial Reporting Board’s recommendation RFR 2, 
Accounting for Legal Entities, and the SFSA’s regulations and general guidelines on annual accounts for credit 
institutions and securities companies (FFFS 2008:25). The financial statements have been prepared on the 
historical cost basis except for financial instruments that are measured at fair value. A more detailed description

--- Page 43 ---
43(56) 
 
of the accounting policies in general is included on pages 21–24 of the Annual Report 2022 and on pages 21–24 
of the Annual Report 2023. 
Board of Directors 
SCBC’s Board of Directors should, under the Articles of Association, consist of three to six members which are 
normally elected at the annual shareholder’s meeting. The Board of Directors of SCBC is made up of the following 
members: 
 
 
Principal outside activities 
Jan Sinclair 
Chairman  
Chairman of SBAB Bank AB (publ) and 
Nilsson Energy AB and board member of 
Hydri AB, STS Alpresor, AB, Almi AB, Bipon 
AB and JML Sinclair AB. Acting CEO of Almi 
AB. 
Jane Lundgren Ericsson 
Board Member  
Board member of SBAB Bank AB (publ), 
Visma Financial Solutions AB, Copperstone 
Resources AB (publ), Bokio AB and Inyett AB. 
CEO at Flex Applications Sverige AB, Flex 
Applications Stockholm AB and Flex Services 
Sverige AB. 
Mikael Inglander 
Board Member  
Chief Executive Officer of SBAB Bank AB 
(publ). Board member of Booli Search 
Technologies AB, and deputy board member of 
The Swedish Bankers’ Association. 
Synnöve Trygg 
Board Member 
Board member and deputy Chairman of 
Volvofinans Bank AB. 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the address of the members of the board is the registered address of SCBC being 
P.O. Box 4209, SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden with visiting address Svetsarvägen 24, SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden. 
The Board of Directors will conduct its work in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted annually at the 
Board of Director’s inaugural meeting. The rules of procedure will also regulate the work allocation between the 
Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of SCBC. 
Executive Management 
Fredrik Jönsson is SCBC’s Chief Executive Officer. He is also Head of Treasury of SBAB.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the address of the Chief Executive Officer is the registered address of SCBC 
being P.O. Box 4209, SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden with visiting address Svetsarvägen 24, SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden. 
Auditors 
The annual shareholder’s meeting will, every year, elect one auditor or an auditing firm to audit SCBC. The auditor 
shall be an authorised public accountant or a registered public accounting firm that elects an auditor in charge. At 
the annual shareholder’s meeting held on 27 April 2023, the registered public accounting firm Deloitte AB was 
re-elected as auditor. The auditor in charge is Malin Lüning. 
The financial statements of SCBC in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023 were audited by Deloitte AB of Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden, with Patrick Honeth as the 
auditor in charge for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and Malin Lüning for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2023. 
The above-mentioned auditors in charge are, or were during the appointment as auditors in charge, members of 
FAR, the professional institute for authorised public accountants, licensed auditors for financial institutions and 
other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden.

--- Page 44 ---
44(56) 
 
Conflict of Interest within Board of Directors and Executive Management 
All members of the Board of Directors are board members of SBAB or employed by SBAB and SCBC’s Chief 
Executive Officer is employed by SBAB. There are no potential conflicts of interest of the directors set out above 
and the Chief Executive Officer between any duties to SCBC and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Credit facility agreement between SBAB and SCBC 
In December 2008, a multicurrency revolving credit facility agreement was established between SBAB and SCBC. 
Under the agreement SBAB makes available a committed credit facility to SCBC up to an amount equal to SCBC’s 
outstanding covered bonds from time to time with an original maturity falling in the period within 364 days from 
the date of the agreement. The term of the agreement is 364 days and is automatically extended for 364 days unless 
terminated by SCBC or if a default under the agreement is outstanding and SBAB gives SCBC notice 30 days 
prior to the relevant termination date that the agreement should not be extended. 
Jurisdiction 
SCBC is established under, and accordingly subject to, Swedish law. Should SCBC conduct operations outside 
Sweden, the operations conducted will also be governed by the laws and regulations of the country in question.

--- Page 45 ---
45(56) 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SBAB 
SCBC’s parent company, SBAB, is a wholly state-owned public limited liability company and joint-stock banking 
company. The interest of the Swedish State is represented by the Swedish Government Offices. SBAB is an 
independent profit making company regulated as a banking company by the Banking and Financing Business Act 
and subject to the supervision of the SFSA. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the registered postal address of SBAB is P.O. Box 4209, SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden 
and its visiting address is Svetsarvägen 24, SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden.  
The SBAB Group consists of SBAB, SCBC and Booli Search Technologies AB (“Booli”). The services provided 
by Booli include Booli.se, one of Sweden’s largest housing sites and search engines for homes, Hittamäklare.se, a 
real estate agent guide with around 6,000 registered estate agents, and Booli Pro, an analysis tool that helps 
residential construction companies and banks understand the real estate market in Sweden.  
On 28 August 2014, it was announced that SBAB’s board of directors had approved a new strategy to focus on, 
and develop, the core business areas of mortgages and residential financing, a decision based on a strategic review 
that pointed to the potential in SBAB’s mortgage business, assuming more efficient operations and an increased 
focus on mortgage offers, customer communication and sales where SBAB’s savings offer continues to be an 
important part of the business. For this reason, the development of bank services such as payment solutions, current 
accounts and card services were discontinued and the fund offering (securities operations) was wound up as 
referred to above. 
On 12 December 2018, SBAB was also authorised by the SFSA to conduct securities operations in the form of a 
permit to trade for its own account (Sw. bedriva handel med finansiella instrument för egen räkning). The permit 
was activated in late 2019 and SBAB initiated the business activities falling under such authorisation during 2020. 
The permit is, in SBAB’s opinion, required due to legislative amendments following the implementation of MiFID 
II.  
Adjustments to the Articles of Association have been made when relevant and the latest Articles of Association 
were adopted on 28 April 2016 and duly registered on and valid as of 3 June 2016. 
On 10 May 2022 Mikael Inglander, previously Chief Financial Officer of SBAB, took over as Chief Executive 
Officer of SBAB.

--- Page 46 ---
46(56) 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SWEDISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Covered Bonds Act, as applicable from 8 July 2022. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Swedish legislative 
and regulatory framework for covered bonds. In addition to the summary below, please also refer to the Section 
“Risk Factors”.  
Introduction 
The Covered Bonds Act entered into force on 1st July, 2004 and was last amended in 2022. The Covered Bonds 
Act enables Swedish banks and credit market companies (“Institutions”), which have been granted a specific 
licence by the SFSA, to issue full-recourse debt instruments secured by a pool of mortgage credits and/or public 
sector credits. Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such 
as commercial papers. 
In the event of an Institution’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties to 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the pool with those 
of the covered bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets consisting of eligible assets (see further 
Section “Eligible assets for the Cover Pool” below) (the “Cover Pool”). The Covered Bonds Act also enables 
such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue to receive timely payments following the Institution’s 
bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being met. 
Swedish implementation of the new EU covered bond legislation 
The EU Covered Bond Legislation came into effect on 7 January 2020. Among other things, the EU Covered Bond 
Legislation lays down the conditions that covered bonds have to meet in order to be recognised under European 
Union law, aiming to strengthen investor protection in the European Union by imposing specific supervisory 
duties. The EU Covered Bond Legislation has been implemented by amendments to the Covered Bonds Act which 
entered into force on 8 July 2022. 
For a covered bond that has been issued before 8 July 2022, the previous version of the Covered Bonds Act as in 
force until 8 July 2022 will, as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of such covered 
bond’s maturity. For tap issues made after 8 July 2022, certain transitional provisions will apply. 
In addition to the Covered Bonds Act the SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority 
conferred on it by the Covered Bonds Act (Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda 
obligationer (FFFS 2013:1), most recently updated version FFFS 2022:12) (the “SFSA Regulations”). The SFSA 
Regulations include, amongst other things, clarifications with respect to the independent inspector’s (Sw. 
oberoende granskare) tasks and reporting duties to the SFSA, and a requirement on Institutions to provide 
information to the SFSA (for example, Institutions are required under the SFSA Regulations to provide information 
about their valuation methods (Sw. värderingsmetoder) and that such information must be submitted to the SFSA 
four times per year, and be made available to the SFSA no later than 30 days after the respective balance sheet 
date (Sw. balansdag)). 
Registration 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the Cover Pool, relevant derivative contracts and received 
margin collateral for positions in derivative contracts must be entered into a special register (the “Register”), 
which is maintained by the Institution. The actual registration of the covered bonds and relevant derivative 
contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the priority rights in the Cover Pool. Further, only assets entered 
into the Register form part of the Cover Pool.  
The Register must at all times show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the Cover Pool and the relevant 
derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating, including without limitation due to changes 
in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the Cover Pool. The value of the 
underlying collateral securing mortgage credits in the Cover Pool, as well as proceeds derived from assets in the 
Cover Pool and derivative contracts, must also be entered into the Register.  
The Cover Pool is dynamic in the sense that an Institution may supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Pool 
at any time. An Institution may establish more than one Cover Pool.

--- Page 47 ---
47(56) 
 
Eligible Assets for the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may consist of certain mortgage credits, exposures to credit institutions and public exposures (Sw. 
offentliga fordringar). Mortgage credits, exposures to credit institutions and public exposures are defined in article 
129.1 in the CRR, as amended, and must satisfy the requirements under Chapter 3, Sections 3–7 of the Covered 
Bonds Act (“Eligible Assets”). 
The Covered Bonds Act refers to and reflects the provisions on public exposures and mortgages set out in the 
CRR, and requires Institutions to meet the CRR’s requirements regarding exposure limits towards credit 
institutions. 
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
For mortgage credits, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the Cover Pool, depending on 
the value of the underlying collateral: 
• 
for residential collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount does 
not exceed 80 per cent of the market value of the collateral; 
• 
for commercial collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount does 
not exceed 60 per cent of the market value of the collateral. 
Commercial collateral may, however, be included in the Cover Pool even if the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 60 per 
cent, but does not exceed 70 per cent, provided the value of the Cover Pool exceeds the minimum level required 
(see Section “Matching Requirements” below), by at least 10 per cent. This applies also in relation to agricultural 
and forestry collateral and is in the Covered Bonds Act considered within either the category of residential 
collateral or that of commercial collateral, depending on the principal purpose of the facilities. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may be 
included in the Cover Pool (a “Partly Eligible Loan”). The Covered Bonds Act does not explicitly regulate how 
proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and the non-eligible parts of 
the loan. The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible 
and non-eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible part of the 
loan (absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, proceeds from enforcement of 
the security should most likely be applied first towards the eligible part of the loan. 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage serves as first-ranking security for two (or more) 
loans granted by an Institution and only one of these loans is included in the Cover Pool. The Covered Bonds Act 
does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between the two loans in case of the Institution’s 
bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured creditors of the Institution to argue that only a pro 
rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the loan included in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bonds Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against commercial collateral to 10 
per cent of an Institution’s Cover Pool. This does not apply in relation to commercial collateral which is primarily 
used for agricultural or forestry purposes. 
Institutions are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as collateral for 
loans included in the Cover Pool. If the market value of a mortgage asset declines significantly, then only the part 
of the loan that falls within the permitted loan-to-value ratio is eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool and is 
subject to the priority right described below. The Covered Bonds Act does not define when a decline would be 
considered significant but it is generally believed that a decline of 15 per cent or more would satisfy this 
requirement. However, a decline in the market value following an Institution’s bankruptcy would not result in a 
reduction of the assets to which holders of covered bonds (and relevant derivative counterparties) have a priority 
right, but may result in the Cover Pool ceasing to meet the matching requirements. 
Matching Requirements 
The Covered Bonds Act prescribes that an Institution must comply with certain matching requirements, which, 
among other things, require that the nominal value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool exceeds the nominal 
value of liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued from time to time by at least 2 per cent. The calculation 
shall be made on the basis of current book values and shall if relevant consider applicable currency exchange rates.

--- Page 48 ---
48(56) 
 
In order to comply with these requirements, the Institution may enter into and shall take into account the effect of 
relevant derivative contracts.  
The present value of the derivative contracts shall be included when determining whether the present value of the 
Cover Pool exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to Covered Bonds. The Institution is dependent on 
the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and also on such counterparties fulfilling 
their contractual obligations.  
The Cover Pool must also be sufficiently sizable to cover the costs of administration and liquidation of covered 
bonds, in case of bankruptcy. These costs may be defined by application of a standard amount 
(Sw. schablonbelopp). 
Furthermore, an Institution must compose the Cover Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between the 
covered bonds and the assets in the Cover Pool in terms of currency, interest rate and maturity profile. Such sound 
balance is deemed to exist when the present value of the Cover Pool at all times exceeds the present value of the 
liabilities relating to the covered bonds by at least two per cent. The present value of derivative contracts shall be 
taken into account for the purposes of such calculation. The calculations of present value shall withstand certain 
stress tests (changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates). 
The payment flows relating to the assets in the Cover Pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds shall be such 
that an Institution is at all times able to perform its payment obligations towards holders of covered bonds and 
relevant derivative counterparties. 
Non-performing assets in the Cover Pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be disregarded for the 
purposes of the matching tests. 
Liquidity buffer 
The Covered Bonds Act includes provisions concerning a specific liquidity buffer. It should cover the maximum 
cumulative net liquid outflow from an Institution over the next 180 days. The liquidity buffer shall consist of: 
(a) 
level 1 or level 2A assets as defined in Article 3 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for 
Credit Institutions (the “Liquidity Coverage Regulation”), or 
(b) 
exposures to credit institutions which consist of short-term deposits with an initial maturity 
not exceeding 100 days and which meet the requirements for credit quality step 1 or 2 of 
Article 129.1c of the CRR. 
If there are special reasons, the SFSA may temporarily approve that the liquidity buffer consists of exposures 
specified in (b) above which meet the requirements for credit quality step 3 of Article 129.1c of the CRR, or level 
2B assets as defined in the Liquidity Coverage Regulation. Such special reasons could be significant concentration 
problems, as referred to in Article 129.1a c in the CRR. 
Maturity extensions 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act, an Institution may choose to include conditions in the terms of a covered bond 
contract stating that repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances, but the Institution is only allowed to 
extend the maturity of such covered bond with the approval of the SFSA. Before the approval is given, the Swedish 
Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) and the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgälden) shall be consulted by the 
SFSA. 
Approval may be given by the SFSA if:  
(a) 
it is likely that an extended maturity can prevent the risk of the Institution’s insolvency (Sw. 
obestånd (insolvens)); and 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds stipulate: (i) that the maturity may only be 
extended after the SFSA’s approval, (ii) the prerequisites for SFSA approval according to 
(a), and (iii) the extended maturity date, as applicable after the SFSA’s approval.

--- Page 49 ---
49(56) 
 
For covered bonds satisfying the requirements for maturity extension, the starting-point for calculating the liquidity 
buffer (see Section “Liquidity buffer” above for further information regarding liquidity buffer) is the principal 
amount of the covered bond(s), pursuant to the extended maturity date stipulated in the terms of the covered bonds.  
Supervision by the SFSA and the independent inspector 
The SFSA monitors that an Institution complies with the Covered Bonds Act and other provisions of the legislative 
and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the Institution. In addition, the SFSA appoints an 
independent inspector (Sw. oberoende granskare) for each Institution that issues covered bonds. The independent 
inspector is responsible for monitoring the Register to assess whether or not it is being maintained correctly and 
in compliance with the Covered Bonds Act and the SFSA Regulations. In particular, the independent inspector is 
required to verify that: 
(a) 
covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts are registered in the Register; 
(b) 
only Eligible Assets are included in the Cover Pool and registered in the Register; 
(c) 
the valuations of the underlying collateral for loans in the Cover Pool are in accordance 
with the Covered Bonds Act and the SFSA Regulations; 
(d) 
mortgage loans, the underlying collateral of which has decreased significantly in value are, 
for the purpose of the matching requirements, deducted from the Cover Pool to the extent 
necessary to comply with the relevant loan-to-value ratio; and 
(e) 
the matching requirements are complied with. 
The independent inspector is entitled to request information from the Institution and to conduct site visits, and is 
required to report regularly and at least once a year to the SFSA. The Covered Bonds Act does not provide for any 
change to the independent inspector’s remit upon the bankruptcy of an Institution.  
Furthermore, the SFSA’s power to revoke an Institution’s authorisation for the issuance of covered bonds include 
the situation of the Institution acquiring such authorisation by making false statements or by taking other irregular 
means. If deemed sufficient, a warning may also be issued as an alternative to revocation.  
As a complement to the provisions on administrative sanctions for Institutions and other credit institutions, 
additional provisions on sanctions against natural persons are included in the Banking and Financing Business 
Act, in relation to breaches of certain provisions in the Covered Bonds Act. 
Information to investors  
The Covered Bonds Act sets out a new requirement on Institutions issuing covered bonds in relation to their 
providing of information to investors. An Institution should provide the information needed for an investor to be 
able to assess the covered bonds and the risk associated with investing in them. If the terms and conditions of the 
covered bonds include maturity extensions, Institutions must provide specific information about:  
(a) 
what circumstances can trigger an extended maturity; 
(b) 
whether an extended maturity is affected by the Institution being placed in bankruptcy or 
resolution; and 
(c) 
the requirement that the SFSA must approve the extended maturity.  
The government, or a designated authority is allowed to prescribe: (i) what information that Institutions need to 
make available for investors, in order for investors to be able to assess the covered bonds and the risk associated 
with investing in them, and (ii) when and in what way such information is to be made available.  
Benefit of a priority right in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act and the Swedish Preferential Rights of Creditors Act (Sw. förmånsrättslagen 
(1970: 979)), holders of covered bonds benefit from a priority right in the Cover Pool should the Institution be 
declared bankrupt (Sw. försatt i konkurs). The same priority is awarded to the Institution’s eligible counterparties 
to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the Cover Pool 
with those of the covered bonds. Such derivative counterparties and the holders of covered bonds rank pari passu 
with joint seniority in relation to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 50 ---
50(56) 
 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties rank 
ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the Cover Pool (except 
the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for its administration of assets in the Cover Pool and costs for the 
administration). The priority claim also covers cash received by an Institution and deriving from the Cover Pool 
or relevant derivative contracts, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy 
Should an Institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the 
bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the SFSA. The administrators-in-
bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including the Cover Pool. 
Provided that (and as long as) the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act (including the 
matching requirements), the assets in the Cover Pool, the covered bonds and any relevant derivative contracts that 
have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as a unit and kept segregated from other assets 
and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the Institution. The administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such case required 
to procure the continued timely service of payments due under the covered bonds and any relevant derivative 
contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would not as such result in early repayment or suspension of payments to 
holders of covered bonds or to counterparties to derivative contracts, so long as the Cover Pool continues to meet 
the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act. 
Upon an Institution’s bankruptcy, neither the Institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue 
further covered bonds. However, the Covered Bonds Act gives the administrators-in-bankruptcy a broad mandate 
to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to attaining 
matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the Cover Pool, covered 
bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such transactions will rank senior to holders of covered bonds 
and derivative counterparties. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may also raise liquidity, for example, by selling 
assets in the Cover Pool in the market. 
If, however, the Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act, and the deviations are not 
just temporary and minor, the Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous payment under 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The holders of covered bonds 
and counterparties to derivative contracts would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in the proceeds 
of a sale of the assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result in the 
holders of covered bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of covered 
bonds are not paid in full. However, the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would retain the 
benefit of the right of priority to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the holders of 
covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the Institution, but will rank pari passu 
with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution. 
Label 
Pursuant to Chapter 2, Section 3 of the Covered Bonds Act the label “svensk säkerställd obligation” (in 
English: “Swedish covered bond”) shall only be used for a covered bond that fulfils the requirements set out in the 
Covered Bonds Act. A covered bond that is qualified for the label “Swedish covered bond” also qualifies to be 
labelled “europeisk säkerställd obligation (premium)” (in English: “European covered bond (premium)”) and 
corresponding foreign official labels within the EEA. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme meet the 
required criteria and will be labelled “Swedish covered bond”.

--- Page 51 ---
51(56) 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority Approval 
The Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as competent authority under 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority’s approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the company that is the subject of this Prospectus, nor should it be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisation and responsibility 
The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of SCBC on 
31 March 2006 and the most recent decision to update the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board 
of directors of SCBC on 27 April 2023. 
SCBC accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The board of directors 
of SCBC is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares 
that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not verified the content in this document and are thus not responsible for the 
information presented in the Prospectus. 
Material agreements 
Other than as described in the Section “Information relating to SCBC” above, SCBC has not concluded any 
material agreements not entered into in the ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the 
SBAB Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to SCBC’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Bondholders. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against or affecting SCBC (and no such proceedings 
are pending or threatened of which SCBC is aware) during a period covering at least the previous twelve months 
which have or may have in the recent past, individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability 
or the financial position of SCBC. 
Certain material interests 
The Arranger and the Dealers (and any closely related companies to any of them) have provided, and may in the 
future provide, certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to SCBC and the SBAB 
Group for which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or 
may arise as a result of any of the Dealers and the Arranger having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, 
in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SCBC since 20 March 2024, being the date of 
publication of the latest audited financial information. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of SCBC since 31 December 2023, being the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Prospectus. 
Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of SCBC since 31 December 2023, being the end of 
the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52(56) 
 
Supplements to the Prospectus 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would 
reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of SCBC, and the rights attaching 
to the Covered Bonds, SCBC shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds. 
Information incorporated by reference 
This Prospectus should be read and construed together with the audited annual financial statements of SCBC for 
the financial years 2022 and 2023, together in each case with the audit report thereon. Such documents are 
incorporated in, and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed to constitute a part of 
this Prospectus, except as so modified or superseded. 
The financial statements referred to above are presented in: 
• SCBC’s 2022 Annual Report, where reference is made to the financial statements on pages 15–60, the audit 
report on pages 56–58 and alternative performance measures on page 60. 
• SCBC’s 2023 Annual Report, where reference is made to the financial statements on pages 15–61, the audit 
report on pages 57–59 and alternative performance measures on page 61. 
In addition to the above and in order to enable further tap issuances of covered bonds loans under previous 
prospectuses, the general terms and conditions as of 15 May 2006 (including the form of final terms), which are 
included in the Swedish language on pages 30–41 (and in an English translation on pages 19–29) of SCBC’s base 
prospectus dated 23 September 2013 and the general terms and conditions as of 17 July 2020 (including the form 
of final terms), which are included on pages 26–43 of SCBC’s base prospectus dated 16 July 2021 are incorporated 
in, and form part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, as well as the Prospectus itself, may be obtained 
without charge from SCBC. 
With the exception of SCBC’s financial statements for 2022 and 2023, no information in this Prospectus has been 
audited or reviewed by SCBC’s auditor. 
Documents available 
Copies of the following documents are electronically available at https://www.sbab.se/1/om_sbab.html during the 
validity period of this Prospectus: 
• SCBC’s Articles of Association and Certificate of Registration. 
• SCBC’s Annual Reports for the financial years 2022 and 2023 (including audit reports). 
• This Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
53(56) 
 
APPENDIX – CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONSTRUCTION 
Defined terms 
“Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
“Australian Covered Bond Programme” means the programme established by SCBC for the issuance of covered 
bonds in Australia. 
“Bondholder” means each holder of Covered Bond(s) from time to time. 
“Conditions” means, for a Covered Bond Loan, the General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such 
Covered Bond Loan. 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool (as such is described in the Section “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds 
legislation”) of SCBC from time to time. 
“Cover Pool Swap” is defined under “Information relating to SCBC”. 
“Covered Bonds” means covered bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with the Swedish Act 
(2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw. lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) 
(as amended from time to time). 
“Covered EMTN Programme” means the programme established by SCBC for the issuance of euro medium 
term covered notes (premium). 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies. 
“Currency Swaps” means currency swaps entered into from time to time between SCBC and SBAB or other third 
party counterparties (in such capacity, each, a “Currency Swap Provider”) in order to hedge currency risks 
arising from (a) covered bonds which are issued in currencies other than SEK and (b) assets (other than mortgage 
loans and Eligible Swaps) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than 
SEK. 
“Dealers” means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ), or such other dealers as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Swap” means each Cover Pool Swap, each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap. 
“Eligible Swap Providers” means the Cover Pool Swap Providers, the Currency Swap Providers and the Interest 
Rate Swap Providers. 
“Euro” or “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation 
of the European Community relating to the Economic and Monetary Union. 
“Extended Final Maturity Date” has the meaning set out in Section 5.2. 
“Final Terms” means, in respect of each Covered Bond Loan, the final term document for such loan, substantially 
in the form set out in Section “Form of Final Terms”. 
“General Terms and Conditions” means the general terms and conditions for the Covered Bond Loans set out 
in Section “General Terms and Conditions”. 
“Interest Rate Swaps” means interest rate swaps entered into from time to time between SCBC and SBAB or 
other third party counterparties (in such capacity, each, an “Interest Rate Swap Provider”) in order to hedge 
SBAB’s interest risk in SEK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been hedged by a Cover Pool 
Swap or a Currency Swap. 
“Master Sale Agreement” means the master sale agreement entered into between SCBC and SBAB on 2 June 
2006 (which took effect as of 5 May 2006), pursuant to which SCBC acquired an initial portfolio of loans from 
SBAB and has continued to acquire loans from SBAB. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH. 
“Non-Cover Pool Swap” means each non-cover pool swap which enables SCBC to convert SEK interest 
payments received by SCBC in respect of assets not registered to the Cover Pool into floating payments linked to 
3-month STIBOR.

--- Page 54 ---
54(56) 
 
“Non-Cover Pool Swap Agreement” means each ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) relating 
to Non-Cover Pool Swaps entered into from time to time between SCBC and each Non-Cover Pool Swap Provider. 
“Non-Cover Pool Swap Provider” means SBAB in its capacity as swap provider under a Non-Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement or any other entity providing such Non-Cover Pool Swap. 
“Outsourcing Agreement” means the outsourcing agreement entered into between SCBC and SBAB on 2 June 
2006, pursuant to which SBAB shall perform certain services that SCBC may need to carry out its business 
operations. 
“Other Covered Bondholders” means holders of covered bonds other than Covered Bonds (i.e. covered bonds 
issued under the Covered EMTN Programme, the Australian Covered Bond Programme as well as covered bonds 
issued under any other covered bond programmes besides the Programme). 
“Programme” means SCBC’s programme dated 15 May 2006 for continuous issuance of Swedish covered bonds 
(Sw. svenska säkerställda obligationer) pursuant to this Prospectus. 
“SBAB” means SBAB Bank AB (publ). 
“SBAB Group” means SBAB and its subsidiaries from time to time, including on the date hereof SCBC and Booli 
Search Technologies AB. 
“Subordination Agreement” means the subordination agreement entered into between SCBC and SBAB on 
2 June 2006 (which took effect as of 5 May 2006), pursuant to which SBAB has agreed that all its claims against 
SCBC (except in relation to claims deriving from Eligible Swaps) will be subordinated to all unsubordinated claims 
against SCBC in SCBC’s bankruptcy. 
“Swap Providers” means the Eligible Swap Providers and the Non-Cover Pool Swap Providers. 
“Swedish Kronor” or “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
Construction 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in this Prospectus to: 
(a) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as replaced, supplemented, 
amended, restated, novated or varied from time to time; 
(b) 
a “regulation” includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) 
of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-
regulatory or other authority or organisation; 
(c) 
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and 
(d) 
a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise 
requires. 
All uniform resource locators (URL) in this Prospectus are inactive textual references only and are not intended to 
incorporate the content of any website into this Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
55(56) 
 
ADDRESSES 
The Issuer 
AB Sveriges Säkerställda Obligationer (publ) 
The Swedish Covered Bond Corporation 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 4209 
SE-171 04 Solna, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Svetsarvägen 24 
SE-171 41 Solna, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)771-45 30 00 
www.sbab.se 
The Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Merchant Banking, Capital Markets 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 18 
www.seb.se 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, 
Danske Consensus 
Postal address 
Box 7523, SE-103 92 Stockholm 
Visiting address 
Norrmalmstorg 1, SE-103 92 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 568 805 77 
www.danskebank.se 
Nordea Bank Abp, Nordea Markets 
Visiting address 
Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 407 90 85 
+46 (0)8 407 91 11 
+46 (0)8 407 92 03 
www.nordeamarkets.com/sv 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Merchant Banking, Capital Markets 
Postal and visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 231 70 
www.seb.se 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Visiting address 
Blasieholmstorg 11, SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 463 46 50 
www.handelsbanken.se 
Swedbank AB (publ), 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
Postal address 
Large Corporates & Institutions, C89 
105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Malmskillnadsgatan 23, SE-111 57 Stockholm 
MTN-desk: 08-700 99 85 
Stockholm: 08-700 99 98 
Göteborg: 031-739 78 20 
www.swedbank.se

--- Page 56 ---
56(56) 
 
Auditor 
Deloitte AB 
Visiting address 
Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 724 01 
Principally Responsible Auditor: Malin Lüning 
c/o Deloitte AB, 113 79 Stockholm 
Central Securities Depository/Account operator 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
P.O. Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
Sweden 
+46 (0)8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden