--- Page 1 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- i - 
70-40746993 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
AB Sagax (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden)  
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands  
having its seat (statutaire zetel) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands) 
 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
AB Sagax (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), AB Sagax (publ) (Sagax, 
and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by either of Sagax EUR or Sagax NL (each as defined below), the 
Guarantor), Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) (Sagax EUR) and Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. (Sagax NL and, 
together with Sagax and Sagax EUR, the Issuers, and each an Issuer) only may from time to time issue notes (the 
Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined 
below).  
 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, 
be references to whichever of Sagax, Sagax EUR or Sagax NL is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the 
applicable final terms document (the Final Terms). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is Sagax, 
references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded 
in respect of such Series.  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) or of 
the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on 
another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Programme has been rated (P) Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's). Moody's is 
established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA 
Regulation). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Moody's has been endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
the United Kingdom (the UK) by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK 
CRA Regulation) and has not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, 
NIBOR and STIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of CIBOR, EURIBOR and NIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 
36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrators of LIBOR and STIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuers are 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB are not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
J.P. MORGAN 
NORDEA 
SEB 
SWEDBANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 June 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base 
Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to 
give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor any of the Dealers or the Trustee that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or 
the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state 
the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA). The relevant Issuer will 
make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute 
notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of 
the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with 
a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offerings of the Notes contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and The Netherlands), the UK, 
Singapore and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Dealers nor the Arranger makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
the Dealers nor the Arranger are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers 
or the Arranger as to the suitability or content of the Green Finance Framework or the suitability or 
reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer or the 
Arranger to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or 
admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes.  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Sagax has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for 
the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 (together, the Sagax Financial Statements). 
Sagax's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Sagax Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board. 
Sagax EUR was incorporated on 12 June 2019. Sagax's EUR's financial year ends on 31 December. The 
audited annual financial statements of Sagax EUR for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
Kingdom of Sweden.  
Sagax NL was incorporated on 17 June 2020 and is yet to prepare financial information. As such, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain separate financial information for Sagax NL. 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements of 
the Group (as defined below) included in this Base Prospectus relate to the past performance of the Group. 
The future development of the Group could deviate significantly from past results due to a large number of 
internal and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical financial data 
of the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures for the Group 
going forward. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
• 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Swedish krona or SEK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
References to the Group are to AB Sagax (publ) and its Subsidiaries. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Evidens of Sibyllegatan 30, 114 43 Stockholm, who are research specialists in providing professional 
analysis and strategic advice to both private and public sector stakeholders within the Nordic property 
market, have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of information from their report 
on market trends in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
Information under the heading "Market Overview" on pages 123 to 133 of this Base Prospectus has been 
sourced from a third party or taken from publicly available sources and has been accurately reproduced and, 
as far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party or sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of third party or publicly available information is identified where used.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 23 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 25 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 29 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 43 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 87 
Description of Sagax EUR ............................................................................................................................... 89 
Description of Sagax NL .................................................................................................................................. 90 
Description of AB Sagax .................................................................................................................................. 91 
Market Overview ............................................................................................................................................ 123 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 134 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 139 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 144

--- Page 11 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 1 - 
70-40746993 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms 
and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
AB Sagax (publ) 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
AB Sagax (publ): 549300LJX28T6OM8DT95 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ): 5493003GK5K8DQSDYY53 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.: 549300M3FFATWSV78G84 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the guarantee (the Guarantee) contained in 
the Trust Deed. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Guarantor: 
AB Sagax (publ) (in the case of issues of Notes by Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ) or Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.) 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which

--- Page 12 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 2 - 
70-40746993 
 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 13 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 3 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event:  
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be 
substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor or 
alternative rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero)) as described in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be 
subject to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Notes 
may be redeemable on the occurrence of a change of control of the

--- Page 14 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 4 - 
70-40746993 
 
Guarantor (see Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put))). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants as 
further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor under its Guarantee will be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding.

--- Page 15 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 5 - 
70-40746993 
 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated (P) Baa3 by Moody's. Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and The 
Netherlands), the UK, Singapore and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 6 - 
70-40746993 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or 
under the Guarantee (as applicable). There are a wide range of factors which individually or together could 
result in the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors as the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's control. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due. In addition, factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
I. MARKET RISKS 
Macroeconomic volatility 
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished 
liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) and the Eurozone 
crisis have increased, especially with the outbreak of Covid-19 coronavirus (Covid-19) and the presence of 
significant sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits in a number of European countries and the US. This has 
raised concerns regarding the financial condition of financial institutions and other corporates located in 
these countries, having direct or indirect exposure to these countries, and/or whose banks, customers, service 
providers, sources of funding and/or suppliers have direct or indirect exposure to these countries. The 
default, or a significant decline in the credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could 
cause severe stress in the financial system generally and could adversely affect the markets in which the 
Group operates and the businesses and economic condition and prospects of the Group's counterparties or 
customers, directly or indirectly, in ways which are difficult to predict. The impact of these conditions could 
be detrimental to the Group and could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects, its solvency and the solvency of its counterparties and customers, the value and liquidity of 
its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Notes and under its debt obligations more generally and, if applicable, the ability of 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Europe 
The Group's property portfolio is located across Europe and concentrated in Stockholm and Helsinki. For 
further information see "Description of AB Sagax – Property Portfolio". The European economies (including 
the Swedish and Finnish economies) have been adversely affected by the outbreak of Covid-19 and uncertain 
global economic and financial market conditions. An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its 
depth, or any other negative economic developments in these principal countries of operation and 
involvement may affect the Group's business in a number of ways, including, among other things, the 
income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group, its customers and other business 
partners. The Group may not be able to utilise the opportunities created by the economic fluctuations, the 
value of the real property owned by the Group may decrease, and the Group may not be able to adapt to a 
long-term economic recession or stagnation. In particular, negative economic development may adversely

--- Page 17 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 7 - 
70-40746993 
 
affect the sale prices of the Group's properties. The Group may also experience increased defaults on rent 
payments as a result of negative economic developments. One of the risks faced by the Group is its tenants 
being unable to fulfil their obligations to pay rent under the lease agreements, which could adversely affect 
the Group's liquidity and results. The credit risk of the Group's tenants is subject to general macroeconomic 
developments in the locations in which they operate, and globally. Materialisation of any of the above risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 
Risks relating to Covid-19 
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general 
economic trends outside the Group's control. Extraordinary events, such as the outbreak of disease 
epidemics, can have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, 
or even depression. The outbreak of Covid-19, which first emerged in China in December 2019, is 
considered a pandemic and has led to a major slowdown in economic growth during 2020, partly due to the 
spread of Covid-19 itself, but even more so due to the governmental decisions enacted across different 
nations in order to try to contain Covid-19, such as quarantines, shut downs and restrictions on mobility. 
Whilst the direct and indirect impact of the Covid-19 outbreak remains uncertain, a number of central banks 
and governments announced financial stimulus packages in anticipation of a very significant negative impact 
on GDP during 2020 and potentially during 2021. Concerns remain as to whether these policy tools will 
counter anticipated macro-economic risks. A prolongation of the outbreak could significantly adversely 
affect economic growth, and impact business operations across the economy generally and, by extension, 
real estate markets, both as a result of weakened economic activity and in terms of the health and wellbeing 
of employees being affected. Such weakening of the economy and/or operations could have a material 
adverse impact on the financial performance or operations of, or the cost of funding for, the Group. In 
addition, there is currently no reliable way to predict, with certainty, the timing or value of transactions 
affected. Thus, the outbreak of Covid-19 may lead to investments being postponed or planned acquisitions 
and/or divestments possibly not being carried out as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business. The longer the Covid-19 crisis continues, the more difficult it may become to raise 
capital, obtain loans or other financings or service existing debt. 
Moreover, due to Covid-19, there is a risk that the Group's current or future tenants may choose not to enter 
into new leases or renew existing leases. There is also a risk that the global downturn could affect the 
liquidity position of the Group's existing tenants, which in turn may require such tenants to postpone rental 
payments or cause defaults under lease agreements. Accordingly, the Covid-19 crisis' impact on the Group's 
current and future tenants could lead to increased vacancies and a decrease in rental income for the Group, 
which would have a negative impact on the Group's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Variations in supply and demand may affect the value of properties and rental levels 
The Group's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market 
related rents as well as tenants' ability to pay their rent. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely 
determined by general and regional economic trends. The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of 
rental income increases when there are more large individual tenants in the property portfolio. 
The value of properties and rental levels are affected by a number of factors, including natural disasters and 
outbreaks of disease (including Covid-19), events related to domestic and international politics, interest rates, 
exchange rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation. Changes to supply and demand in 
the property market resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also 
materially affect the values of properties regardless of the overall development in the market. In addition, an 
oversupply of available property for letting could lead to rent decreases, which could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's rental income. A decrease in the prices of properties is likely to have a direct impact on the 
fair value of the Group's property portfolio. The required return may increase in the future, which could lead 
to a reduction in the value of the Group's property portfolio.  
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

--- Page 18 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 8 - 
70-40746993 
 
Risks posed by the competitive market 
The Group operates in a competitive sector. The Group's future competitive potential is dependent on, 
amongst other things, its ability to quickly respond to present and future market needs. The Group competes 
against a number of companies, which could gain market share at the expense of the Group. For further 
information see "Description of AB Sagax – Competitors". The impact of competition on the Group 
specifically, is that increased competition results in diminished property yields, which may not correspond 
with the Group's investment requirements. It also affects where the Group directs its investments in new 
properties as Sweden, where the Group holds a large proportion of its portfolio, has been difficult to grow in 
recent years, whereas, in France, The Netherlands and Spain, the Group has been able to grow its portfolio 
and thereby reduce the relative share of Sweden in the Group's portfolio. If competition were to intensify in 
France, The Netherlands and Spain, the Group may have to change its investment strategy further. 
Consequently, it may become necessary for the Group to make costly investments, restructurings or price 
reductions in order to remain competitive, which could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and 
financial position. 
II. FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risks posed by the Group's financing model 
The Group is financed through equity and interest-bearing debt as well as its cashflows. A portion of the 
interest-bearing debt is borrowed by Sagax's property-owning subsidiaries, which means that some of the 
financial risks in Sagax are attributable to its subsidiaries. The Group's long-term financing consists of 
bilateral credit facilities and listed bond loans. There are certain obligations under the credit facilities on 
maintaining, for example, certain interest cover ratios and certain loan to value ratios. This means that the 
creditors of the subsidiaries could be entitled to demand repayment in advance of the creditors of the relevant 
Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, if the relevant Group subsidiaries do not fulfil such obligations. If 
such a demand is made, it could adversely affect the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's 
financial position. A minor portion of the Group's interest bearing debt is in the form of commercial paper, 
which in contrast to the Group's other more long-dated debt, can be the first to face liquidity constraints in 
the markets at the times of economic turmoil, which could result in there being no market for the Issuer to 
issue new commercial paper. The Group mitigates this risk by having back-up liquidity facilities. If the 
market for commercial paper is negatively impacted and that coincides with insufficient liquidity in the 
banking sector to honour the back-up liquidity facilities commitments, then the Group may not be able to re-
finance when due on acceptable terms, if at all. For further information see "Description of AB Sagax – 
Finance and Capital Structure – Funding strategy". 
The Group is dependent on Sagax's current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy  
The Group intends to raise additional debt from the capital markets in the future. To facilitate the issuance of 
unsecured bonds and notes, Sagax sought and obtained a long-term issuer credit rating. If Sagax's long-term 
credit ratings were to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become 
significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. A credit rating agency could 
downgrade Sagax's long-term issuer credit rating if, for example, the value of the Group's unencumbered 
assets were not to reach certain levels, or the Group's effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total 
assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or the Group 
was unable to maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times. If any of the risks described above were to 
materialise, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue its current financing strategy, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group's main current cost item is interest costs. Interest rate risk is the risk of the Group's financing 
costs increasing due to changes in the market interest rate. The Group runs stress test analysis to monitor 
interest rate risk. Nevertheless, a significant increase in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, results and financial position.

--- Page 19 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 9 - 
70-40746993 
 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Group's profit and property value 
Sagax and the Group are each, respectively, exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation risk due to 
investments outside of Sweden and euro-denominated debt. Sagax and the Group's most significant 
exchange rate risks currently relate to rental income, maintenance costs, cost for central administration and 
property valuations that are denominated in euros, as well as Sagax and its subsidiaries' euro-denominated 
interest-bearing debt. 
Sagax's reporting currency is Swedish krona, and all balance sheet items that are euro-denominated are 
converted to Swedish krona. Materialisation of the translation risk could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Refinancing risk  
Sagax and its subsidiaries are dependent on their ability to refinance existing financings as these fall due, and 
to obtain additional financing at market terms in connection with for example property acquisitions. In the 
event that Sagax and/or its subsidiaries are unable to refinance existing financings or obtain additional 
financing at appropriate terms, as a result of a deficiency in the capital markets or for any other reason, this 
could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Liquidity risk 
The Group defines liquidity risk as the risk of not having access to sufficient liquidity or credit commitments 
to cover its payment obligations, including payments of interest. A lack of liquidity to cover payments due 
could adversely affect the Group's business and financial position. Any failure to obtain funds sufficient to 
finance operations would have a material adverse impact on the performance of the Group. 
III. OPERATIONAL RISKS 
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken the Group's results 
The Group's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend on factors such as economic development, 
demographic growth and the level of new-build construction activity in the market. The occupancy rate of 
Group's properties has a significant impact on the Group's business. The Group aims to secure a high 
occupancy rate by, among other things, proactive letting processes and the development of its property 
portfolio to meet demand. If the vacancy rate increases, the Group will lose rental income while having to 
cover the maintenance costs. 
Tenant turnover is an integral part of the business, and results in costs to the Group, for example, related to 
the signing of rental agreements. There are no guarantees that the Group's major tenants will renew or extend 
their leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered rental income and vacancies. If the 
Group fails to maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant turnover of its premises 
increases significantly, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and future prospects. 
Fluctuations in property value 
The Group is exposed to changes in its property portfolio's market value. Sagax reports the Group's 
properties at their fair value pursuant to the Swedish accounting standard IAS 40 (Förvaltningsfastigheter), 
which means that the consolidated book value of the properties corresponds to their aggregated estimated 
market value. This means that a decrease in the market value of the properties will adversely affect Sagax's 
balance sheet and income statements.  
Sagax has chosen independent valuation companies to assess the fair value of its properties. The external 
market valuations are undertaken each quarter and are carried out on all of the Group's properties, with the 
exception of the properties in Germany, which are externally appraised once a year. The principal method of 
appraisal used is a cash flow calculation in which the present value of cash flows and residual value is 
calculated. The residual value is calculated by perpetually capitalising the estimated net operating income for 
the year following the last year of calculation using the assigned yield method. The present value of cash 
flows and residual value is then calculated by discounting the cash flows and residual value by the cost of 
capital. The value of any development rights is also included in the present value. The properties are

--- Page 20 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 10 - 
70-40746993 
 
inspected by the appraisers on a rolling basis and all properties have been inspected in the previous three 
years. These inspections include public areas and a selection of premises and a specific emphasis is placed 
on major tenants and vacant premises. The purpose of the inspections is to assess the properties' overall 
standard and condition, maintenance requirements, market position and attractiveness. 
The calculation period is adjusted to the remaining term of existing leases and varies between five and 20 
years and generally the calculation period is ten years. Cash flow calculations are based on inflation 
assumptions made by valuation companies of between 0 and 2 per cent. per year for the calculation periods, 
depending on the country in which the property is situated. Assessments of future net operating income are 
based on an analysis of current leases and the current rental market. The calculations consider each lease 
individually. Normally, existing lease agreements are assumed to remain in effect until the end of the lease 
period. In cases where the rental terms and conditions have been assessed as being on a competitive market 
level, it has been assumed that the leases can be extended with no change in the terms and conditions or that 
the premises can be leased to new tenants on comparable terms. In cases where the outgoing rent is not 
considered to be in line with market-level rent, it has been adjusted to correspond to such a level. The cash 
flow calculations also take into consideration a property's market position, rent level, non-current vacancy 
rate, the future trend of market rents and other possible uses for such property. Operating and maintenance 
costs are based on an analysis of the historical costs associated with the various properties and on experience 
and statistics pertaining to similar properties. However, many of these expenses are negligible for valuing the 
Group's property portfolio, since the Group's tenants usually pay these expenses in addition to the agreed 
rent.  
As a result of the factors set out above, there can be no assurance that the Group's property valuations 
accurately reflect the current market value of the Group's properties and property related assets as at the date 
of valuation or any other date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or 
materialisation of any of the above risks, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Operational and maintenance costs 
The Group's tenants have a relatively extensive liability for operational and maintenance costs as they lease 
warehouses and light industrial premises. The largest operational costs in relation to the Group's properties 
are electricity and heating costs and property tax. The majority of such costs, however, are either directly 
charged to the tenant or on-charged by the Group. In the event of vacancies, the Group's results are not only 
affected by the loss of lease revenue but also by costs which would otherwise be borne by tenants, for 
example, electricity and heating. 
Maintenance costs are attributable to measures aimed at upholding the standard of a property's fabric in the 
long term or maintaining and/or modernising it. In order to meet demands from the market or government 
authorities or other legal requirements, such costs may be substantial and unforeseen, and therefore may 
adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. For further information see 
"Description of AB Sagax – Changes in the Property Portfolio". 
System malfunctions in the Group's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of the 
Group's operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on well-adapted administrative systems, effective internal control, 
skills development and access to reliable valuation and risk models, which provide a basis for reducing 
operational risks. The Group's operations may be interrupted due to, among other things, power cuts, 
computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by suppliers, crime targeted at its 
systems, such as security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside the 
Group, or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well as human error by the Group's own staff. 
The Group could also incur losses if its operational procedures are flawed or its internal controls are 
inadequate. Specific risks that the Group currently faces in this area are (i) server failure by the Group's 
external IT provider which would cause the need for the Group to set aside capacity to re-do work that is 
lost; (ii) fraudulent attempts by third parties to impersonate Group companies or employees to encourage 
tenants to make payments to such third parties in the belief they are dealing with the Group (including by 
illegally accessing the Group's email and tenancy invoice systems); and (iii) failure of its tenant management

--- Page 21 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 11 - 
70-40746993 
 
database which would result in the Group being unable to monitor the leases currently in place to ensure the 
Group and the Group's tenants fulfil the contractual parameters of the leases or ensure the correct payment of 
rent by tenants. The Group works continuously to develop its administrative security and controls but 
material interruptions or serious malfunctions in the Group's operational systems may impair and weaken its 
business, financial condition and the profitability of its operations. The Group may also face difficulties 
when developing new systems and maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its 
competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions in its IT systems could delay the Group in issuing rental 
invoices to, or securing tenancy agreements with, its customers. Materialisation of any of the above risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 
Risks related to property acquisitions and divestments 
Acquisitions of additional properties are a part of the Group's ordinary business and such acquisitions 
inherently involve a degree of risk and uncertainty. A property acquisition entails risks such as maintaining a 
relationship with new tenants, environmental conditions, limitations on right-of-use and technical 
deficiencies, such as design defects and other hidden deficiencies. For further information see "– 
Environmental risks" below. When acquiring property companies, there are additional risks in relation to 
potential tax and legal liabilities. Additionally, the Group also sells properties and as part of such sales it is 
common for a seller to provide guarantees relating to certain of the acquisition risks identified above (e.g. 
validity of leases and environmental risks) and there is a risk that buyers of the Group's properties could 
claim under these guarantees. Such risks could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial 
position. For further information see "Description of AB Sagax – Changes in the Property Portfolio".  
Risks related to property development 
The development of properties constitutes a part of the Group's regular operations. Project development is 
inherently associated with uncertainties and risks as regards costs and delays (among other things). 
Although the Group monitors its developments, projects may be delayed, become more expensive or their 
quality may not be as expected. These factors may result in increased costs or reduced income for the Group. 
In addition, the Group may be dependent on procuring the necessary permits from public authorities for 
developing and operating projects. There is a risk that the Group will not succeed in implementing its 
property projects, which may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and 
earnings.   
Organisational risks 
The Group's future development is to a large extent dependent on the experience, knowledge and 
commitment of management and other key personnel and its ability to recruit, retain and develop other 
qualified senior executives and key employees. As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed 77 employees 
and so there is limited ability for the Group to succession plan internally and therefore a sudden loss of one 
or more key members of staff could require the Group to defer decision making in an area or multiple areas 
of its business whilst the Group sources replacement staff and could also affect timely completion of 
transactions and projects. The Group's operations and results could be materially adversely affected should 
one or several of such key persons terminate their employment or should it fail to recruit skilled staff. 
Sagax's dependence on Subsidiaries as a Holding Company 
Sagax is a holding company and the Group's operations are mainly run through its subsidiaries. Sagax is 
therefore dependent on its subsidiaries to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it or guaranteed by 
it. The Group intends to provide Sagax with liquidity by way of intra-group loans, dividends or other 
transfers of value in order for Sagax to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it or guaranteed by it. 
However, if Sagax's subsidiaries do not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or 
regulations are prevented from providing liquidity to Sagax, there is a risk that Sagax will not fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued by it or guaranteed by it.

--- Page 22 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 12 - 
70-40746993 
 
Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (each a Subsidiary Issuer) are special purpose vehicles and investors should 
therefore consider the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group in addition to that of the 
relevant Subsidiary Issuer 
As Sagax EUR was incorporated on 12 June 2019, it has less than 24 months of financial information 
available. As such, this Base Prospectus only contains audited financial statements for Sagax EUR in respect 
of the latest financial year. The principal activities of Sagax EUR are the issuance of euro-denominated 
financial instruments and intra-group arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds 
of the issuance of financial instruments.  
Sagax NL was incorporated on 17 June 2020 and is yet to prepare financial information. As such, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain separate financial information for Sagax NL. The principal activities of Sagax 
NL are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-group arrangements with other 
members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial instruments.  
Accordingly, a Subsidiary Issuer's ability to pay interest and repay principal in respect of its borrowings, 
including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group. 
Notes issued by a Subsidiary Issuer will be guaranteed by Sagax. The Group further intends to provide each 
Subsidiary Issuer with liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for 
each Subsidiary Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not 
provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing 
liquidity to either Subsidiary Issuer, there is a risk that the relevant Subsidiary Issuer will not fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in Notes issued by a Subsidiary Issuer should consider the 
risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and the Group in addition to that of the relevant 
Subsidiary Issuer.  
IV. LEGAL RISKS 
Environmental risks 
Liability for pollution and other environmental damages generally falls on the current and/or previous 
operator(s) of activities carried out on a property. The Group does not require permission under the relevant 
environmental regulations in each relevant jurisdiction to conduct its business. However, tenants of the 
Group and previous owners/operators of properties now belonging to the Group, may be deemed to be 
operators, and required to obtain a permit, under the relevant environmental code in each jurisdiction. 
Under Swedish, Finnish, Spanish and French legislation, the party conducting an activity which has 
contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it. If the party conducting the activity cannot carry out 
or pay for such treatment and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should have discovered the 
pollution, then the acquirer may be responsible for carrying out the treatment.  
Under French legislation, if the last operator is not solvent, the owner of the property may, in certain 
circumstances, be held liable for pollution and for treating it.  
Under Spanish legislation, if contaminated land is acquired, in accordance with the provisions of article 36.1 
and 2 of Law 22/2011, of 28 July 2011, on contaminated waste and soil, a subsequent owner or operator who 
was not the cause of the contamination may be responsible for remedial work (subsidiary liability, 
responsabilidad subsidiaria), although they can attempt to pass the cost on to the party that conducted the 
activities which contributed to the pollution. 
Under Dutch legislation, the party conducting an activity which has contributed to pollution is in general 
responsible for treating it. Treating such pollution can consist of, for example, limiting the consequences of 
the pollution, removing the contamination and other similar activities. With respect to certain environmental 
requirements, other parties than the polluter (for example, the owner of property on which polluting activities 
were carried out) may be held responsible to treat the pollution as well. Notable examples of situations in 
which the owner of the property might be held responsible for the treatment of pollution are (i) the presence 
of certain types of asbestos that should be removed from a property in light of health and safety requirements 
and (ii) the presence of a historical soil contamination (i.e. a soil contamination that has been caused prior to

--- Page 23 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 13 - 
70-40746993 
 
1987) that poses an urgent threat to the environment and/or health & safety and should therefore be 
remediated. Under certain circumstances, previous owners and the current owner can also be held liable for 
pollution. Further, additional specific requirements/limitations may apply for a property in respect of certain 
after care provisions that may have been stipulated by the authorities in light of a soil remediation scheme - 
both the owner and the operator of a property will be bound by such restrictions. Similar risks could arise in 
respect of the Group's Danish and German properties.  
This means that claims for decontamination or after-treatment of any actual or suspected pollution in land, 
water area or groundwater may in certain circumstances be directed against members of the Group pursuant 
to the relevant environmental regulation. Any such event or material decrease in the value of the properties, 
or environmental issues that are not known or not recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a 
later date, could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial condition of the Group. 
The costs of any removal or clean up that may be necessary due to any deterioration, contamination, damage, 
encumbrance or hazardous materials may be higher than anticipated by the Group and affect the property 
yield. Failure to comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with stricter new 
environmental regulations that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of 
the Group's operations. There can be no assurance that the Group could not become liable for material 
environmental damage or other environmental liabilities in the future. Materialisation of any of the above 
risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects. 
Regulatory compliance and reputation 
Shortcomings in regulatory compliance could result in financial losses, sanctions from supervisory 
authorities, tarnished reputation and delisting of Sagax's equity and/or the Group's debt securities. Certain 
regulations are open to interpretation (for example, IFRS – see "- Changed accounting rules" below), 
meaning that the Group and a regulatory body may have differing opinions as to how to comply with such 
regulations. The realisation of such risks could adversely affect the Group's results and financial position. 
As a large player in the property industry, the Group is subject to risks associated with occupational health 
and safety, corruption and human rights. These risks may affect the Group internally as well as through their 
impact on suppliers and partners who work on behalf of the Group. Such social responsibility risks could 
give rise to significant damage to the Group's reputation and could have a material negative impact on the 
Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Changed accounting rules 
The Group's operations are impacted by applicable accounting rules, such as IFRS and other international 
accounting rules. For example, on 1 January 2019, IFRS 16 Leases came into effect, which required 
extensive changes to the recognition of leases and resulted in changes to the Group's balance sheet and 
income statement for the year ended 31 December 2019 to reflect this new standard. Consequently, the 
Group's future reporting, financial statements and internal controls could be impacted by, and may need to be 
adjusted to ensure compliance with, any changed accounting rules or changed application of such rules. This 
could cause uncertainty about the Group's reporting, financial statements and internal controls, and could 
impact the Group's recognised earnings, balance sheet and equity, which could have a material negative 
impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Taxes and changes in legislation 
The Group's operations are conducted in accordance with the Group's interpretation of applicable tax laws, 
regulations and case law and in accordance with advice from tax advisers. However, it cannot be ruled out 
that the Group's interpretation is incorrect or that such regulations or case law are amended with potential 
retroactive effect. Decisions of tax agencies and administrative courts may change the Group's previous or 
current tax situation, which could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. For 
example, the Group was involved in a recent tax dispute in respect of Sagax Bruket Fastigheter AB and the 
Swedish Tax Agency and the Stockholm Administrative Court came to a view that the Administrative Court

--- Page 24 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 14 - 
70-40746993 
 
of Appeal then rejected (which was upheld by the Supreme Administrative Court when it denied the appeal 
of the Swedish Tax Agency), see "– Other/future disputes, litigation or arbitration proceedings". 
The Group's operations are affected by the tax rules in force from time to time in the countries where the 
Group operates. Since these rules have historically been subject to changes, further changes are expected in 
the future (potentially with retroactive effect). Such changes, for example changes in the participation 
exemption rules or in the right to deduct interest expenses, to depreciate properties for tax purposes and to 
carry forward tax losses, could materially adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial 
position. 
Other/future disputes, litigation or arbitration proceedings 
The Group could become involved in future disputes. The results of any pending or future investigation, 
proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or governments could 
affect the Group's operations. In addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against the Group, 
significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity could adversely affect the Group's results and financial 
position.  
The Group is currently involved in one tax dispute in Sweden. The dispute relates to the Swedish Tax 
Agency's decision to deny Firethorne AB, a Group company, deductions for a portion of such company's tax 
losses carried forward in connection with the Group's acquisition of the company. 
Should the Swedish Tax Agency's claim ultimately be upheld in this dispute, Sagax estimates that the 
recognised negative earnings effect for the Group would be approximately SEK 156 million. For further 
information see "Description of AB Sagax – Legal Proceedings". 
V. CLIMATE RISKS 
Risks related to climate change 
From the perspective of the Group, climate change presents the risk of damage to property caused over time 
by altered weather conditions, rising sea levels and other changes in the physical environment that affect 
properties. As a property business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group compared 
with other businesses as the Group relies on its physical infrastructure to generate its income. As climate 
change is ongoing, these risks could potentially increase in the long term. This could mean a greater need for 
investments in properties situated in vulnerable areas. Climate change could also entail higher operating 
expenses. Investments in the wrong type of measures for properties could lead to the risk of unprofitable 
investments if climate risk is not appropriately considered. In addition, environmentally-oriented political 
decisions could affect the Group, not least in the form of higher taxes or necessary investments. Moreover, 
the Group's business could also be affected by increased climate related requirements imposed by regulatory 
authorities, investors, tenants and other stakeholders, for example a requirement to reduce the Group's CO2 
emissions. Any such changes or new requirements could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and 
financial position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
VI. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features:

--- Page 25 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 15 - 
70-40746993 
 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank 
Offered Rate (CIBOR), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(LIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate 
(STIBOR)) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if not based 
in the EU to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
not based in the EU not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the

--- Page 26 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 16 - 
70-40746993 
 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the 
FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies 
and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA 
will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their 
publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of 
US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations 
were published on 11 May 2021.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes and the Agency Agreement provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that an Original Reference Rate and/or any screen page on which an Original Reference Rate may 
be published (or any other successor page) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions) occurs. The IBA announcement and FCA announcement referred to above may each 
constitute such a Benchmark Event. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of 
Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or alternative benchmark, all as 
determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applies to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 27 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 17 - 
70-40746993 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Enforceability of judgments  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on 
mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with the EU or Sweden. 
The UK has applied to join the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments 
in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention), but the other 
contracting states have, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a 
final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. 
However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgement rendered 
in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the 
outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab 
initio. Any retrial on a judgment's merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by 
Noteholders of the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee.  
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes in accordance with Sagax's Green Finance 
Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below). A prospective investor should have regard to the 
information set out in "Use of Proceeds" and determine for itself the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary. Prospective 
investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular 
no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects (as 
defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the Green Finance Framework (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA). Furthermore, it should be noted that there 
is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor 
can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts

--- Page 28 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 18 - 
70-40746993 
 
will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Projects. Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Finance 
Framework and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser as to the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase 
of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer and including the 
Second-Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below)) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, and to report on the use of 
proceeds or Eligible Projects as described in the Green Finance Framework, there is no contractual 
obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed 
for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the 
relevant Issuer or a failure by the relevant Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or 
to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds will not constitute an 
Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid 
and/or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any

--- Page 29 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 19 - 
70-40746993 
 
other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
VII. RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated 
As is usual for property companies, the Group's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, Sagax is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). Moreover, Sagax EUR and Sagax NL 
are special purpose financing vehicles that were formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. For 
more information see "Risk Factors – Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (each a "Subsidiary Issuer") are special 
purpose vehicles and investors should therefore consider the financial condition and liquidity of Sagax and 
the Group in addition to that of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer" and "Risk Factors – Sagax's dependence on 
Subsidiaries as a Holding Company". 
The Notes issued by Sagax and the Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the claims of all 
holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Sagax's subsidiaries, and 
structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Sagax's and its 
subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes issued by Sagax will not be guaranteed by any of Sagax's 
subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, 
reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of Sagax's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors 
of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
mandatory and of general application will generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is 
made to Sagax. 
The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) will be effectively subordinated to any of the relevant Issuer's 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured and future secured indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantee (if applicable) is an unsecured 
obligation of the Guarantor. The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) are, therefore, effectively 
subordinated to the relevant Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured indebtedness 
and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the relevant Issuer's or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent 
of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, the assets that serve as collateral for 
any secured indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would be available to satisfy the obligations 
under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Other than as set out in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge), Condition 4.2(a) (Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness) and Condition 4.2(c) (Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness), the 
Conditions do not prohibit the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor from incurring and securing 
future indebtedness. To the extent that the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor were to secure any of 
its future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the Notes and the Guarantee, the relevant Issuer's 
obligations, in respect of the Notes, and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of the Guarantee (if 
applicable), would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the 
security securing such indebtedness. 
A change in the controlling ownership of Sagax could result in the requirement for the relevant Issuer to 
repay holders of its existing bonds ahead of Noteholders under the Programme 
The terms and conditions of the Sagax's existing bonds contain change of control provisions that differ from 
those set out in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
(Change of Control Put)). The differences between the change of control provisions under the Programme 
and Sagax's existing bonds pose a risk to Noteholders that holders of Sagax's existing bonds may exercise

--- Page 30 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 20 - 
70-40746993 
 
their right to repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event that the change of control under the Programme is 
not triggered or there has not been a credit rating downgrade or withdrawal following a change in controlling 
ownership of Sagax. This could result in the claim for repayment by Noteholders on a subsequent winding 
up of Sagax being prejudiced as other unsecured holders of notes under existing financings may have been 
repaid prior to the Noteholders' claim, thereby reducing the assets available to Sagax to satisfy such claim by 
the Noteholders.  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee, which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their 
consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or 
to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) 
determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in 
place of the relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Substitution). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of 
any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 31 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 21 - 
70-40746993 
 
VIII. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Notes may not reflect 
all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action 
or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the

--- Page 32 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 22 - 
70-40746993 
 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 23 - 
70-40746993 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The following sections of the annual reports of Sagax in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 (the "Sagax Annual Report 2020") and 31 December 2019 (the "Sagax Annual 
Report 2019"). These documents are available for viewing on the following websites: 
Sagax Annual Report 2020:  
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/202104138226-1.pdf  
 
Section 
Page Numbers 
Summary of the Sagax Property Portfolio 
16 to 31 
Market Value of Property Portfolio 
32 to 33 
Funding 
34 to 39 
Joint Ventures and Associated Companies 
40 to 42 
Current earnings capacity 
43 to 44 
Organisation and Employees 
53 to 54 
Multi-year summary 
55 to 57 
Events after the end of the year 
58 
Consolidated financial information 
68 to 73 
Parent Company financial information 
74 to 77 
Notes to the consolidated and Parent Company 
financial statements 
78 to 112 
Auditor's Report to the consolidated and Parent 
Company financial statements 
113 to 116 
Sagax Annual Report 2019:  
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/Sagax_annual_report_2019.pdf  
 
Section 
Page Numbers 
Consolidated financial information 
72 to 77 
Parent Company financial information 
78 to 81 
Notes to the consolidated and Parent Company 
financial statements 
82 to 115 
Auditor's Report to the consolidated and Parent 
Company financial statements 
116 to 119 
 (b)  
The interim report of Sagax for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (which contains the 
unaudited consolidated financial statements of Sagax for the three months ended 31 March 2021) 
excluding the sections entitled "Adjusted Forecast for 2021" on the inside cover and page 7. This 
document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://vp261.alertir.com/afw/files/press/sagax/202105054494-1.pdf  
(c) 
The independent auditor's report and audited annual financial statements of Sagax EUR in respect of 
the financial years ended 31 December 2020 (the "Sagax EUR Annual Report 2020") and 31 
December 2019 (the "Sagax EUR Annual Report 2019"). These documents are available for 
viewing on the following websites:

--- Page 34 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 24 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
Sagax EUR Annual Report 2020: 
 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/10911%20Sagax%20Euro%20MTN%20AB%202020%20A
nnual%20Report.pdf 
Sagax EUR Annual Report 2019: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/Annual%20Report%202019%20Sagax%20EURO%20MTN
%20AB%20(engl.).pdf 
(d) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 30 August 
2018, pages 41 to 78 (inclusive) prepared by Sagax in connection with the Programme. This 
document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8e717733-f4c7-4141-b59e-
c61851acbe9d.PDF  
(e) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 5 July 
2019, pages 37 to 79 (inclusive) prepared by Sagax and Sagax EUR in connection with the 
Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6297c274-3247-42e8-99bc-
4bcbc698b3fa.PDF  
(f) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 3 July 
2020, pages 40 to 83 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/Sagax%20EMTN%20U20%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20(007).pdf  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed 
to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that, except as set forth above, no other portion of the above documents is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, where sections of any of the above documents which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus cross-reference other sections of the same document, 
such cross-referenced information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise incorporated 
by reference herein. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors or the 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 25 - 
70-40746993 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in 
the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused.

--- Page 36 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 26 - 
70-40746993 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable) has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, is given to the Trustee. The 
relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant 
Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.

--- Page 37 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 27 - 
70-40746993 
 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None 
of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable) has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that 
effect signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, is given to the Trustee. 
The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to 
the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(iii) above, the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution

--- Page 38 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 28 - 
70-40746993 
 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 60 
days, or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee, as 
applicable, that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 29 - 
70-40746993 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules)  is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 40 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 30 - 
70-40746993 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]  
 
[Date] 
[AB Sagax (publ)] / [Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ)] / [Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300LJX28T6OM8DT95] / [5493003GK5K8DQSDYY53] / 
[549300M3FFATWSV78G84] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by AB Sagax (publ)] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated  10 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.]1 [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at https://live.euronext.com/ .]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to it dated [date]], 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated  10 June 2021.  [This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated  10 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order 
to obtain all the relevant information] . [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at  https://live.euronext.com/ .] ] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 31 - 
70-40746993 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[AB Sagax (publ)/Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ)/ 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] 
 
[(b) 
Guarantor: 
AB Sagax (publ)] 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by AB Sagax 
(publ)) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)

--- Page 42 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 32 - 
70-40746993 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [   
 ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by AB Sagax 
(publ)) 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 43 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 33 - 
70-40746993 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 44 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 34 - 
70-40746993 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR, the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR, second 
Copenhagen business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 35 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(n) 
Step Up Margin: 
 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[DA Selected Bond] / [Insert applicable Reference 
Bond] 
 
(B) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.)

--- Page 46 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 36 - 
70-40746993 
 
19. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the relevant Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the relevant Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Trustee.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days

--- Page 47 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 37 - 
70-40746993 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20052] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." .)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
 
2 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 48 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 38 - 
70-40746993 
 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [AB Sagax (publ)/Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ)/Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V.] as 
Issuer: 
By:  
 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of AB Sagax (publ) as Guarantor: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 49 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 39 - 
70-40746993 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect from [   
 ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [     ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
EU CRA Regulation)] 
[add details of any endorsement under the UK CRA 
Regulation] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 50 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 40 - 
70-40746993 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their respective] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus 
/Give details] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 51 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 41 - 
70-40746993 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 52 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 42 - 
70-40746993 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 53 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 43 - 
70-40746993 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by AB Sagax (publ) (Sagax), Sagax EURO 
MTN AB (publ) (Sagax EUR)  or Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. (Sagax NL and, together with Sagax and 
Sagax EUR, the Issuers and each an Issuer) constituted by a Fourth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Trust 
Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated  10 June 
2021 made between the Issuers, Sagax in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Sagax EUR or Sagax 
NL only (the Guarantor) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall 
include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of Sagax, Sagax EUR or Sagax NL 
is specified as Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of 
Notes is Sagax, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable 
and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series.  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 10 June 2021 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agents) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and transfer agent (together with the Registrar and the other 
transfer agents named therein, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as 
the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 54 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 44 - 
70-40746993 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and

--- Page 55 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 45 - 
70-40746993 
 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred 
in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order 
to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder 
or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the

--- Page 56 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 46 - 
70-40746993 
 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement). Subject 
as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure 
the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered 
Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note 
in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed guaranteed (the Guarantee) the payment by Sagax EUR or 
Sagax NL, as applicable, of all sums in respect of the Notes and under the Trust Deed and the 
performance by Sagax EUR or Sagax NL, as applicable, of all its obligations under the Notes and 
the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 57 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 47 - 
70-40746993 
 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that none of 
their respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) (in each case other than a 
Permitted Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), 
unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of the creation of the 
Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action 
necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably 
with the Relevant Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or  
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute 
discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
(B) as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of 
the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Permitted Security Interest means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of any 
Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) acquired, so long as such 
Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), was not created in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and the principal 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured was not increased in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or since such 
entity became a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be). 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Sagax will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or 
indirectly, any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) any Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds) the Consolidated Solvency 
Ratio would exceed 65 per cent.;  
(b) 
Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio: So long as any Note remains outstanding 
Sagax undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less than 
1.8:1; and 
(c) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Sagax will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or 
indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(c) 
any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously secured assets) if, 
on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma

--- Page 58 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 48 - 
70-40746993 
 
application of the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness of the Group (on a 
consolidated basis) would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets. 
Sagax will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any of the 
undertakings in this Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants) is breached at any time. 
For so long as the Notes remain outstanding, Sagax will deliver a certificate to the Trustee on each 
Reporting Date signed by any two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Sagax, 
certifying that Sagax is in compliance with, and there has been no breach of, the undertakings set out 
in this Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
A certificate by any two Authorised Signatories of Sagax as to any of the amounts referred to in this 
Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants), or any of the terms defined for the purposes of this Condition 
4.2 (Financial Covenants), shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number set out 
under the heading "Profit before tax" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, from which items (a) to (g) below should be deducted: 
(a)  
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, 
realised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
(b)  
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, 
unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
(c)  
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of financial 
instruments, realised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
(d)  
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of financial 
instruments, unrealised" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
(e)  
the number set out under the heading "Profit from joint ventures and 
associated companies" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated 
financial statements of Sagax, from which should be deducted the number 
set out under the heading "Profit from joint ventures and associated 
companies - of which, profit from property management" (or any equivalent 
line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
(f)  
the number set out under the heading "Financial income" (or equivalent line 
item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Group; and 
(g)  
the numbers set out under the heading "Financial expenses" and "Financial 
expenses, interest component of leases" (or equivalent line items) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group;

--- Page 59 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 49 - 
70-40746993 
 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the 
aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net 
Interest Charges; 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio means (i) the aggregate of the total Financial Indebtedness 
(on a consolidated basis) of the Group (less cash and cash equivalents and listed shares) and 
any guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness (except for any 
guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that Sagax has directly 
or indirectly accounted for in its consolidated financial statements) divided by (ii) 
Consolidated Total Assets, in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the 
case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group;  
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as 
shown in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial 
statements of the Group;  
Financial Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination 
(without duplication) any indebtedness of such Person, including:  
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan 
stock or other similar instruments; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or 
dematerialised equivalent;  
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold 
on a non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts (excluding 
the amount of any liability in respect of leasehold properties) which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles 
applicable to the Group, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(vi) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price of property, assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days;  
Group means Sagax and its consolidated Subsidiaries;  
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International 
Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by the 
European Union;  
Net Interest Charges means the net amount calculated as the number set out under the 
heading "Financial Income" (or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements 
of Sagax from which is deducted the number set out under the heading "Financial expenses" 
(or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of Sagax; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness of Sagax or any of 
its Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to 
renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of 
Sagax or any member of the Group (other than intergroup/intercompany Financial 
Indebtedness); provided that:

--- Page 60 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 50 - 
70-40746993 
 
(a)  
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted 
value, if applicable) of the Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all accrued interest on 
the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, 
including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b)  
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may 
only be redeemed at the option of Sagax, either (i) no earlier than the final 
maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity 
date of the Notes; 
(c)  
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, 
exchanged or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is 
subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d)  
if Sagax was the obligor on the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial 
Indebtedness is incurred by Sagax; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or 
body, partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, 
government, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any such indebtedness; 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of 
Sagax's annual consolidated financial statements, or (ii) the publication of Sagax's quarterly 
consolidated financial statements;  
Secured Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or 
indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a 
Security Interest granted over any assets of any member of the Group; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any 
other person (the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control (directly 
or indirectly), whether by ownership of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital, 
contract, the power to appoint or remove the majority of members of the governing 
body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person, 
and includes any Person that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and

--- Page 61 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 51 - 
70-40746993 
 
Testing Date means each day which is (i) the last day of Sagax's financial year in any year 
in respect of which annual consolidated financial statements of Sagax have been produced 
(the Annual Testing Date) or (ii) the last day of the first three quarters of Sagax's financial 
year in any year in respect of which quarterly consolidated financial statements of Sagax 
have been produced (the Quarterly Testing Date). 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes):

--- Page 62 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 52 - 
70-40746993 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement

--- Page 63 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 53 - 
70-40746993 
 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 64 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 54 - 
70-40746993 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will (subject to Condition 5.2(e) below) be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, as supplemented by the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Benchmarks Supplement means the 
Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the 
case of LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of 
CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of 
NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying

--- Page 65 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 55 - 
70-40746993 
 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 66 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 56 - 
70-40746993 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 67 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 57 - 
70-40746993 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the operation of the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation

--- Page 68 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 58 - 
70-40746993 
 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Advisor 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith) a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date) for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation 
of this Condition 5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(f)(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment 
Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to 
the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (provided that such amendments do not, without the consent of the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more onerous

--- Page 69 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 59 - 
70-40746993 
 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to it) (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and 
expense of the relevant Issuer, agree to use their reasonable endeavours to effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, 
including, inter alia, by execution of a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed, as the relevant 
Issuer determines and certifies to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent may be 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(f) and neither the Trustee nor the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be liable to any party for any consequence thereof provided, 
however, that neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) shall be 
obliged to agree to any such consequential amendments if the same would, in the sole 
opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), expose it to any 
additional liabilities or increase the obligations or duties or reduce or amend its rights and/or 
the protective provisions afforded to it in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(iv), the 
relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority 
on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.   
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date notify the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter notify, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 
5.2(f). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of 
the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), (iii) any Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) 
above and certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. The Trustee 
and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry 
or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and the Principal Paying Agent's 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will

--- Page 70 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 60 - 
70-40746993 
 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the relevant 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(f) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5.2(f). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a

--- Page 71 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 61 - 
70-40746993 
 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser 
determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) 
determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) 
the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used, in each case on 
or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (i) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent

--- Page 72 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 62 - 
70-40746993 
 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Periods(s) 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
any similar institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the

--- Page 73 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 63 - 
70-40746993 
 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in 
the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the 
Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the 
same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor 
decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
Sagax shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured long-
term debt from Moody's and, if an additional Rating Agency is appointed to rate Sagax's 
senior unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of Sagax, such additional Rating 
Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any Rating Agency fails or ceases to 
assign a credit rating to Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt, Sagax shall use all 
reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a 
Substitute Rating Agency approved (other than in the case of S&P or Fitch) by the Trustee 
in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and references herein 
to such Rating Agency or the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating

--- Page 74 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 64 - 
70-40746993 
 
Agency or, as the case may be, the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or 
determined in accordance with the remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
Sagax will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change 
giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
5.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with 
Condition 14) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such 
Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth 
London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency other 
than S&P or Fitch, Sagax shall determine, with the prior approval of the Trustee (such 
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of such Rating 
Agency or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as are most equivalent to the prior 
rating designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number 
of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the 
Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest be (i) 
less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus the Step 
Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
Rating Agency, Fitch, Moody's, S&P and Substitute Rating Agency have the meanings 
given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
Step Down Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Sagax, after a Step 
Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt is at 
least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case of S&P and at 
least BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, following such public announcement, no 
Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels or any equivalent 
rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of Sagax's senior 
unsecured long-term debt above Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least 
BBB- in the case of S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other 
Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall not constitute a further Step 
Down Rating Change; 
Step Up Margin means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Sagax of a decrease in the 
credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured long-term debt to below Baa3 (in the case of 
Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below BBB- (in the case of Fitch). For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Sagax's senior unsecured 
long-term debt below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or, if applicable, below BBB- in the case 
of S&P or below BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating 
Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change.

--- Page 75 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 65 - 
70-40746993 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the

--- Page 76 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 66 - 
70-40746993 
 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant 
due date (the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial

--- Page 77 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 67 - 
70-40746993 
 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of 
each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in

--- Page 78 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 68 - 
70-40746993 
 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
if the relevant Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the relevant Issuer and in 
making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation

--- Page 79 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 69 - 
70-40746993 
 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, two Authorised 
Signatories of the Guarantor stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. The 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Where the Optional 
Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, 
at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such 
notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in 
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date 
so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported 
to the relevant Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption

--- Page 80 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 70 - 
70-40746993 
 
Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or  
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to 
the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination 
Agent may consider to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such 
time) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the 
Determination Agent.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank, financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 
1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to 
an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Determination Agent; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of 
redemption;

--- Page 81 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 71 - 
70-40746993 
 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to 
be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)).  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form

--- Page 82 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 72 - 
70-40746993 
 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the 
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, 
at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change 
of Control Put Option) to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date (as 
defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of redemption or purchase.  
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor having failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least one-
fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control 
Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)) at the place of such

--- Page 83 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 73 - 
70-40746993 
 
specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made 
by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less that the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). 
If this Note is in definitive bearer form, this Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
their instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant 
Issuer to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
and instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as 
the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the seventh 
Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the last 
day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Put Date).  
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a 
Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have received 
notice thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of 
Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Conditions:  
a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert shall acquire (A) shares in the issued or allotted 
share capital of Sagax carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of Sagax or (B) the power to appoint or remove the majority

--- Page 84 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 74 - 
70-40746993 
 
of the members of the board of directors of Sagax (each such event being, a Change of 
Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry:  
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
Investment Grade Rating) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of Sagax) and, within the Change of 
Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the Change of Control 
Period (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or  
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of Sagax) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of 
Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ 
to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control 
or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control 
shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt 
by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee of any such written confirmation, the 
relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Sagax shall determine the rating designations of 
Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has 
publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, 
rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of 
Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days 
after such public announcement;

--- Page 85 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 75 - 
70-40746993 
 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of Control 
Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) Sagax does not, prior to or not later 
than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout 
the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or (ii) if 
Sagax does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at 
least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end of the Change of 
Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment 
grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, from the 
Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of 
Control had occurred at such time);  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or 
on behalf of Sagax, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the 
date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by Sagax 
from time to time and approved by the Trustee in writing; and 
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Clean-up Call 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 75 
per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Conditions 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and/or 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) or purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases), the relevant Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final 
Terms to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but 
not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 86 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 76 - 
70-40746993 
 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a decimal; 
and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Par Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)), 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) or 7.7 (Clean-
Up Call) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(b) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 87 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 77 - 
70-40746993 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden or the Netherlands; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Sagax NL, 
Sagax or Sagax EUR) or the Netherlands (in the case of payments by Sagax NL or by Sagax 
in respect of Notes issued by Sagax NL) (or, in either case, any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other jurisdiction (or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) to which payments made 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of principal and interest on the Notes become 
generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor.

--- Page 88 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 78 - 
70-40746993 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default  
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but 
in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(b) to 10.1(e) (other 
than the winding up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) and 10.1(f) to (h) 
inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), 
give notice in writing to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that each Note is, and each Note shall 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of 
Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in 
the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if Sagax fails to maintain the Consolidated Coverage Ratio in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b) (Financial Covenants) and such breach continues for 90 days; 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 
days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the service by the Trustee on the 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of written notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(d) 
 if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of 
an event of default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness 
on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any 
security given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same; 
or (iv) default is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it 
in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event 
described in this subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
relevant amount of Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either 
alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Financial 
Indebtedness and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events 
specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 1 per cent. of the Consolidated Total Assets; 
or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries, save for

--- Page 89 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 79 - 
70-40746993 
 
the purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group 
whilst solvent on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of any 
reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent or on 
terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, or 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Material Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a 
court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or 
other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or 
any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the 
whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than 
the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or  
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries (or their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an 
arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is Sagax EUR or Sagax NL) ceases to be a 
subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect; or 
(k) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e) to 
(j) above. 
continuing for the purposes of this Condition 10.1 (Events of Default) is an Event of Default that 
has not been waived or remedied; 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such steps, actions or 
proceedings against the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
steps, actions or proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in

--- Page 90 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 80 - 
70-40746993 
 
writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it 
shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed (i) fails so to do within 60 
days of being bound so to proceed, or (ii) is unable for any reason to do so and the failure or inability 
shall be continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Sagax: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose rental revenue (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, as the case 
may be, consolidated rental revenue of the Group, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Sagax acquired after 
the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to 
its then latest relevant audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by 
Sagax; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of Sagax which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental revenue equal to) not 
less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, 
all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 5 per cent. 
of the consolidated rental revenue, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as 
referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a

--- Page 91 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 81 - 
70-40746993 
 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer 
have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of Sagax (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) that in 
their opinion a Subsidiary of Sagax is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout 
any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry 
or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated.  
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or

--- Page 92 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 82 - 
70-40746993 
 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 93 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 83 - 
70-40746993 
 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust 
Deed of any company being a Subsidiary of Sagax, subject to: 
(a) 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Sagax; and 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust 
Deed of any company being a Subsidiary of Sagax, subject to: 
(a) 
the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND 
DETERMINATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of 
the Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a 
majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at any such meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders.

--- Page 94 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 84 - 
70-40746993 
 
16.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination  
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may agree, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, is proven.  
Additionally, the relevant Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(f), vary or amend these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as 
described in Condition 5.2(f) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments on the 
basis set out in Condition 5.2(f). 
16.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political 
sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 
(Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 
8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any 
modification or substitution shall be notified by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS CONTRACTING 
WITH THE ISSUERS AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
17.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in 
certain circumstances. The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any 
security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any 
given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or 
security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be

--- Page 95 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 85 - 
70-40746993 
 
supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each 
counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and 
authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of the security. The Trustee may 
rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or 
opinion or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or other expert, 
whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or 
by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by 
reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled 
to rely on any such report, opinion, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, opinion, 
confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
17.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuers and the Guarantor  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
17.3 
Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to 
any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it 
would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon 
such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue 
of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent 
authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power.  
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 96 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 86 - 
70-40746993 
 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer and the Trustee 
and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2 (Submission to jurisdiction), the relevant Issuer 
waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer irrevocably appoints Swedish Trade & Invest Council at 5 Upper Montagu 
Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Swedish Trade & Invest Council 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The 
relevant Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuers and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in 
terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 97 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 87 - 
70-40746993 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate purposes, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically to finance a portfolio of eligible assets 
in line with the Green Finance Framework (as defined below) (Eligible Projects). Such Notes may also be 
referred to as Green Bonds. 
Sagax intends that the eligible assets will belong to the following categories:  
(i)  
newly constructed properties, acquired properties, refurbished properties or existing properties that 
either have or will fulfil the requirements of at least one of the following certificates systems and 
that has an energy usage which is at least 15 per cent. below applicable legislation: 
• 
Miljöbyggnad Silver – minimum certification; 
• 
BREEAM Very Good – minimum certification; 
• 
BREEAM-in use Very Good – minimum certification; 
• 
LEED Gold – minimum certification; or 
• 
the equivalent in another certification system; 
(ii) 
refurbishment of existing buildings that lead to a 20 per cent. increase in energy efficiency. 
Investments include energy retrofits such as the installation of more efficient ventilation or heating 
systems, replacing fuse ratings and adjusting light controls and light fittings; or 
(iii) 
onsite installation of solar panels in order to increase the share of renewable energy used within the 
Sagax property portfolio are eligible to improve energy efficiency and to support the aim to increase 
the share of renewable energy used in the properties and to decrease the share of fossil fuels. 
Sagax's Green Finance Framework (the Green Finance Framework) is available at:  
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/Sagax%20Green%20Finance%20Framework.pdf 
The Second-Party Opinion from CICERO dated 4 December 2019 (the Second-Party Opinion) is available 
at: 
https://www.sagax.se/sites/default/files/Sagax%20Second%20opinion.pdf 
Sagax may amend or update the Green Finance Framework in the future. Any change to the Green Finance 
Framework would be publicly announced. The Green Finance Framework, including any changes thereto, 
will be available on Sagax's website at https://www.sagax.se/en/green-finance-framework.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion are, nor 
shall either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Sagax intends to make, and keep, publicly available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issuance of any Green Bonds to the Eligible Projects. Sagax intends to provide a "Green 
Finance Investor Report" on an annual basis. Sagax intends that this report will include a list of eligible 
assets in the green portfolio, the type of certification of Eligible Projects, the amount outstanding for each 
category of Eligible Projects, information on the split of the proceeds of any issuance of Green Bonds

--- Page 98 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 88 - 
70-40746993 
 
between new financing and re-financing, a description of selected project(s) financed in the green portfolio, 
geographical distribution of projects financed in the green portfolio and unallocated amounts. Sagax intends 
to report on quantitative impact indicators where feasible and relevant data information is available. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such reports will not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 99 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 89 - 
70-40746993 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SAGAX EUR 
General Information 
Sagax EUR's legal and commercial name is Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ), its corporate registration number 
is 559209-9690 and it was incorporated on 12 June 2019. Sagax EUR is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Sagax.  
Sagax EUR is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket). Sagax EUR is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject to the Swedish 
Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). Sagax EUR's registered office is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 
Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone number of Sagax EUR is +46 (0)8 545 83 540. 
The authorised share capital of Sagax EUR is EUR 60,000 and is represented by 60,000 shares having a 
nominal value of EUR 1 each. The share capital of Sagax EUR is fully subscribed and paid up by Sagax, as 
the sole shareholder.  
Sagax EUR is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the 
Group. The principal activities of Sagax EUR are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments 
and intra-group arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of 
financial instruments.  
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Sagax EUR is made up of David Mindus, Björn Garat and Agneta Segerhammar. 
For further information, see "Description of AB Sagax – Board of Directors, Management and Advisors".  
The business address of the directors is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of Sagax EUR 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young AB have been appointed as Sagax EUR's auditors and Oskar Wall, an authorised auditor, 
was appointed as the auditor in charge.   
Oskar Wall is member of FAR, the professional institute for the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Jakobsbergsgatan 24, Stockholm 103 99, Sweden.

--- Page 100 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 90 - 
70-40746993 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SAGAX NL 
General Information 
Sagax NL's legal and commercial name is Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. Sagax NL was incorporated as a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under and 
subject to the laws of The Netherlands on 17 June 2020. Sagax NL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sagax.  
Sagax NL's corporate seat (statutaire zetel) is in Rotterdam, The Netherlands and it is registered with the 
Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 78311764. Sagax NL's registered office is situated at Weena 
738 A, 14e verdieping - zuidzijde, 3014DA Rotterdam, The Netherlands and its telephone number is 
+31103035445. 
The authorised share capital of Sagax NL is EUR 0.01 and is represented by one share. Sagax is the sole 
shareholder.  
Sagax NL is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the 
Group. The principal activities of Sagax NL are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and 
intra-group arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of 
financial instruments.  
Management and Auditors 
Board of Managing Directors 
The board of managing directors of Sagax NL is made up of Anthonie Hendrik den Boef, Vincent Spruijt 
and Björn Garat. Anthonie Hendrik den Boef and Vincent Spruijt are employees in Sagax's Dutch offices 
and for further information on Björn Garat, see "Description of AB Sagax – Board of Directors, Management 
and Advisors". 
The business address of the directors is Weena 738 A, 14e verdieping - zuidzijde, 3014DA Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of Sagax NL 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP have been appointed as Sagax NL's auditors.   
The auditor who will sign the auditor's reports on behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a member of 
the Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP's address is Boompjes 258, Rotterdam 3011XZ, The Netherlands. 
 
As Sagax NL is a newly incorporated company, it is yet to prepare financial information.

--- Page 101 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 91 - 
70-40746993 
 
DESCRIPTION OF AB SAGAX 
General Information 
Sagax's legal and commercial name is AB Sagax (publ), its corporate registration number is 556520-0028 
and it was incorporated on 14 July 1995 (initially under the name Effnet Group AB (publ)). The business of 
Sagax was founded in its current form in 2004, when Effnet Group AB (publ) (originally operating as a 
software solutions company) acquired 19 properties and management operations through a non-cash issue. 
The focus of the business was changed to property operations and the company changed its name to AB 
Sagax (publ). 
Sagax is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket). Sagax is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject to the Swedish 
Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The seat of Sagax's board of directors (the Board) is in 
Stockholm. Sagax's registered office is at Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone 
number of Sagax is +46 (0)8 545 83 540. 
Sagax is a property company whose principal business is to invest in commercial properties, primarily in the 
urban logistics and light industry sectors. Pursuant to Sagax's articles of association, adopted at its annual 
general meeting on 4 May 2017, the object of Sagax's business shall be to, "directly or through its 
subsidiaries own, manage and conduct business with real property, along with activities related to such 
operations". 
Group Structure 
Sagax is the ultimate parent company of the Group. Sagax's operations mainly consist of owning shares in 
the operating subsidiaries and therefore it is dependent on its subsidiaries' ability to generate profits. As of 31 
December 2020, the Group consisted of 332 subsidiaries, of which 158 are located in Finland, 113 are 
located in Sweden, 43 are located in The Netherlands, 7 are located in France, 6 are located in Germany, 3 
are located in Spain and 2 are located in Denmark.  
 
In addition, Sagax owns 50 per cent. of Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, Söderport Holding AB and Hemsö 
Intressenter AB, which in turn owns 30 per cent. of Hemsö Fastighets AB. For further information see "- 
Joint Ventures". No properties are owned by Sagax.  
Goals and Strategy 
The Group's overriding goal is the long-term generation of the maximum risk-adjusted return for its owners. 
To reach this goal, the Group has set the following business targets: 
• 
operations must generate a long-term sustainable return and strong cash flow; 
• 
continued growth through property acquisitions, whilst taking into account risk-adjusted returns; and 
• 
create cash flow growth from the Group's existing property portfolio, which shall rise more than 
inflation. 
Management strategy 
Attracting and keeping reputable and creditworthy tenants 
The Group pursues efficiency and a long-term approach in its management strategy. The Group endeavours 
to attract reputable and creditworthy tenants. The management of Sagax reviews the creditworthiness of 
current and potential tenants carefully according to internal assessment criteria. The management of Sagax 
also works actively to agree lease extensions in advance. The focus of its strategy is reaching long term lease 
agreements with creditworthy tenants rather than seeking to maximise rent levels at any given time. This is

--- Page 102 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 92 - 
70-40746993 
 
regarded by management as being more advantageous since it reduces the risk of vacancies, while leading to 
reduced costs for letting premises and adapting premises to tenant needs. 
To reduce risk exposure to utility price fluctuations, the majority of the Group's leases are such that the 
tenant accounts for the cost of such items as heating, electricity, property tax, water and sewage, in addition 
to contractual rent. This strategy limits the extent to which such leases are affected by changes in 
consumption or price fluctuations for utilities such as heating, electricity, property tax, water and sewage. 
Investing in core areas 
The Group invests primarily in urban logistics and light industrial properties generating a high cash yield in 
regions experiencing stable population growth that have diversified business activities. The Group's exposure 
to the rental market is concentrated in Stockholm and Helsinki, which are the markets in the Nordic region 
which management regard as offering the best potential for long-term growth due to a low rate of new 
production and stable occupancy rates. The risk of a decline in occupancy rates and rent levels due to a 
weaker rental market is regarded as low, in view of the stable demographic growth and the diversified 
business operations in these regions. For further information see "- Property Portfolio". The stable 
population and diversified economy in these areas should mitigate the risk of a decline in the Group's 
occupancy rates and rent levels.  
The Group invests in add-on acquisitions (i.e. properties of a similar type to its existing property portfolio) 
and in its existing properties. The Group's management takes an opportunistic approach to new investment 
depending on the identification of suitable investment properties and is actively involved in the decision-
making process with respect to any new acquisition of property. The management of the Group looks 
predominantly to purchase properties with existing buildings on-site, an existing lease agreement and a 
creditworthy tenant in place. A comparatively small amount of investment activities occur on a case-by-case 
basis for developing existing facilities, according to customer demand. Property acquisitions and investments 
in the existing portfolio aim to increase cash flow and diversify rental revenue, thereby aiming to reduce 
operational and financial risk for the Group. 
Sustainability activities  
The Group's work with sustainability issues is a natural part of operations as it helps to achieve the Group's 
overall strategy. The Group's strategy ensures that the Group's operations are consistently conducted with a 
long-term focus, which ensures sustainability issues are considered. 
Sagax is incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act and so its default purpose is to produce a profit for 
distribution to its shareholders. Sagax's opinion is that the profit objective does not conflict with sustainable 
enterprise as being a good employer, a good supplier and a well-liked customer while ensuring that the 
Group conducts itself in an acceptable manner in society and attempts to limit its environmental impact are 
all fundamental conditions for the Group's long-term ability to maximise profits for its shareholders. 
To succeed in its sustainability agenda, Sagax has undertaken to generally: 
• 
conduct operations in line with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals that are 
relevant for Sagax and in line with the United Nations Global Compact's ten principles; 
• 
work to minimise the company's carbon footprint; 
• 
continuously increase competence in sustainability through training and communication of 
sustainability issues; and 
• 
regularly follow up, revise and improve sustainability efforts. 
In accordance with Chapter 6, Section 11 of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act, Sagax has decided to 
prepare a statutory Sustainability Report as a separate report to its Annual Report.

--- Page 103 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 93 - 
70-40746993 
 
Dividend strategy 
Sagax's dividend strategy is to distribute approximately one third of its annual profit from property 
management in dividend payments on common and preference shares. In addition, the Board can propose the 
distribution of non-recurring profits to shareholders. 
Competitors 
The warehouse and light industry sector is characterised by diversified ownership and a large proportion of 
owners use their own properties. The Group's competitors comprise several different investor categories, 
such as Swedish and foreign property funds, institutions and other property companies. 
The Group's main competitors in Sweden include listed Swedish property companies and unlisted property 
funds. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same segment as the Group include 
Castellum, Corem, FastPartner, Klövern, Kungsleden, Mileway and Stendörren. 
In Finland, ownership of warehouse and industrial premises is diversified, with several different types of 
owners, including small businesses, commercial property companies, funds and institutions from Finland and 
abroad. The Group's main competitors in Finland are unlisted property funds and, to a certain extent, Finnish 
institutions. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same segment as the Group include 
NREP, M7, Genesta, Fennica Rahastot (Fennia Life insurance), OP Kiinteistöt (OP Group), EQ Asset 
Management Plc, Elite Asset Management Plc, Ilmarinen, Blackstone/Mileway, Logicor and UB Funds. 
In France, the warehouse and light industry sector is characterised by diversified ownership and a large 
proportion of owners using their own properties. The Group's competitors comprise several different investor 
categories, such as French and foreign property funds, SCPI (closed-end funds) institutions and other 
property companies. Examples of competitors that invest (at least partly) in the same segment as the Group 
include M7, Argan (public real-estate investment trust), Proudreed, AEW's Logistis fund, Perial asset 
management, Rohan Investment, Stam Europe, Crossbay and Etche France. 
In The Netherlands, the light industrial real estate market is very diversified, with a variety of different 
owners including funds and institutions, both domestic and from abroad, as well as private and local 
investors and owner-occupiers. The Dutch light industrial market has become increasingly competitive 
during the last two years with various new investors entering the market, examples of which include 
UREP/Ares, Arrow/Cerberus, Highbrook, Dream, Crossbay, Rothschild, Tristan and Carnegie Fund in 
addition to established active investors in the segment such as M7, Blackstone/Mileway, Henley360 and 
Urban Industrial. 
In Spain, the warehouse and light industrial sector is characterised by granular ownership as owner-occupiers 
used to be common. However, in recent years the trend has gradually shifted to ownership by investors, 
initially, by smaller investors buying into this type of asset and, since 2012, larger investment companies 
such as Cerberus, Blackstone, Segro and Prologis also entered this market segment facilitating the 
professionalisation of the sector.

--- Page 104 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 94 - 
70-40746993 
 
Property Portfolio 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's property portfolio comprised 673 properties with a lettable area of 
3,480,000 square metres, of which 168,000 square metres was vacant.  
As at 31 December 2020, the aggregate market value of the property portfolio was SEK 37,548 million 
(representing an average of SEK 10,800 per square metre). The aggregate rental value (being actual rent 
received, plus estimated market rents for any vacant premises) of the portfolio was SEK 3,024 million, 
which was rented at an average economic occupancy rate (calculated as the percentage of contractual annual 
rent of the portfolio at the end of the period divided by total rental value of the portfolio at the end of the 
period) of 95 per cent. leading to an aggregate rental revenue of SEK 2,898 million during the year ending 
31 December 2020.  
The table below shows geographic distribution of the Group's property portfolio as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Year ending 31 December 2020 
Market area 
No. of 
properties 
Lettable 
area 
Market value 
Rental value 
Economic 
occupancy 
rate 
Rental 
revenue 
Other 
revenue 
Property Expenses(1) 
Net 
operating 
income 
Yield(1) 
 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK/ 
square 
metre) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
 
Stockholm ..................
78 
655,000 
10,552 
16,100 
702 
1,070  
93% 
671 
1 
108 
164 
565 
5.2% 
Helsinki .................
72 
577,000 
6,771 
11,700 
622 
1,080 
92% 
593 
5 
130 
225 
469 
6.7% 
 
Finland, university 
cities ....................
66 
356,000 
3,180 
8,900 
326 
920 
97% 
335 
- 
72 
203 
263 
8.0% 
Paris .....................
82 
305,000 
3,465 
11,400 
317 
1,040 
96% 
299 
2 
76 
249 
225 
7.0% 
The Netherlands .......
89 
466,000 
4,262 
9,100 
337 
720 
96% 
291 
3 
30 
65 
281 
7.2% 
Rest of Sweden ........
30 
261,000 
1,886 
7,200 
149 
570 
100% 
151 
- 
7 
28 
143 
7.3% 
Rest of Finland ........
129 
326,000 
2,527 
7,800 
217 
670 
99% 
231 
- 
22 
69 
209 
7.9% 
 
Madrid and 
Barcelona ...............
67 
235,000 
1,813 
7,700 
116 
490 
87% 
101 
- 
14 
61 
87 
5.0% 
Rest of Europe .........
60 
299,000 
3,093 
10,300 
239 
800 
97% 
225 
- 
19 
64 
206 
6.9% 
Sub-total ...............
673 
3,480,000 
37,548 
10,800 
3,024 
870 
95% 
2,898 
10 
479 
138 
2,429 
6.3% 
Unallocated ............
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
32 
9 
-32 
- 
Total ....................
673 
3,480,000 
37,548 
10,800 
3,024 
870 
95% 
2,898 
10 
512 
147 
2,397 
6.3% 
 (1) 
Expenses for property administration are included in recognised property expenses. 
The focus of the portfolio is on the Stockholm and Helsinki regions, where, as at 31 December 2020, 46 per 
cent. of the portfolio's market value and 44 per cent. of the portfolio's rental value is concentrated (compared 
with a market value of 51 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 56 per cent. as at 31 December 2018 and a 
rental value of 47 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 51 per cent. as at 31 December 2018).  
The Group has achieved many years of continuous growth of the underlying property portfolio along with an 
increased degree of geographical diversification. The table below shows the geographical distribution of the 
market value of the Group's property portfolio, and its development over time. 
 
As at 31 December 
  
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Market Area 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm ............................... 
5,691 
6,906 
7,939 
8,670 
9,822 
9,840 
10,522 
Helsinki................................... 
2,544 
3,206 
4,362 
5,014 
6,333 
6,708 
6,771 
Finland, university cities ......... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,732 
3,148 
3,180 
Paris ........................................ 
57 
102 
967 
1,386 
1,995 
2,919 
3,465 
The Netherlands ...................... 
- 
- 
498 
850 
1,817 
2,982 
4,262 
Madrid and Barcelona ............. 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,813 
Rest of Sweden ....................... 
2,744 
2,854 
2,406 
2,446 
2,392 
1,828 
1,886 
Rest of Finland ........................ 
1,475 
2,265 
3,174 
4,036 
2,373 
2,634 
2,527

--- Page 105 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 95 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
As at 31 December 
  
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Rest of Europe ........................ 
907 
856 
1,283 
1,370 
1,560 
2,565 
3,093 
The above figures are represented in the chart below. 
 
The table and chart below show the development of the total market value of the property portfolio over 
time. 
 
As at 
31 December 
  
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
 
(SEK, billions) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total market value ................ 
13.4 
16.2 
20.6 
23.8 
29.0 
32.6 
37.5 
10.8 
13.4 
16.2 
20.6 
23.8 
29.0 
32.6 
37.5 
 -
 5.0
 10.0
 15.0
 20.0
 25.0
 30.0
 35.0
 40.0
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
(SEK, billions)
Total market value

--- Page 106 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 96 - 
70-40746993 
 
The Group's Major Tenants 
As at 31 December 2020, the rental value attributable to the ten largest tenants corresponded to 28 per cent. 
of the total contractual rental revenue, distributed among 228 separate leases. The average term for these 
leases was 7.8 years. 
The single largest tenant is the US medical products group Baxter, which has operations in more than 100 
countries. As at 31 December 2020, Baxter accounted for 5.2 per cent. of the Group's contractual rental 
revenue. An additional five tenants each pay annual rent exceeding 2 per cent. of the Group's total annual 
rents. The five largest tenants in alphabetical order are Baxter Group, Kesko, MAG, Nokia and, aggregated 
into a single tenant group together, government and municipalities. 
The chart below sets out the breakdown of the industry sectors of the Group's tenants by rental revenue as at 
31 December 2020. 
 
Average Lease Term 
The average lease term for the Group's aggregate portfolio was 5.1 years as at 31 December 2020 (compared 
to 5.5 years as at 31 December 2019 and 6.0 years as at 31 December 2018). The average lease terms are 
shorter in Stockholm and Helsinki, which have more liquid rental markets, high growth and a high degree of 
business diversification. The maturity structure as of 31 December 2020 is presented in the table below. 
As opportunities within the relevant markets change over time, the Group has increasingly acquired 
properties within metropolitan areas. The share of sale and leaseback transactions has also declined. Sale and 
leaseback transactions are more commonly subject to longer lease-terms with the former owner-occupier 
staying in the property as a tenant. Properties with central locations have a lower risk of re-letting and 
therefore shorter terms can be supported. The year of maturity and annual value of leases as at 31 December 
2020 are set out in the table and chart below. 
 
Year of maturity of leases 
Area 
Contractual annual rent 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, millions) 
(share, per cent.) 
2021 .................................................................................................................  
461,000 
390 
14 
2022 ................................................................................................................. 
391,000  
374  
13  
2023 ................................................................................................................. 
360,000  
341  
12  
2024 ................................................................................................................. 
269,000  
288  
10  
2025 ................................................................................................................. 
548,000  
375  
13  
Past 2025 ......................................................................................................... 
1,282,000  
1,098  
39  
Total ................................................................................................................ 
3,312,000  
2,865  
100

--- Page 107 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 97 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
 
The average lease term as at 31 December 2020 for the Group's leases by market area is set out below. 
Market area 
No. of 
properties 
No. of leases 
Lease term 
 
 
 
(years) 
Stockholm ........................................................................................................ 
78  
407  
3.9  
Helsinki............................................................................................................ 
72  
346  
4.3  
Finland, university cities .................................................................................. 
66  
295  
5.3  
Paris ................................................................................................................. 
82  
303  
4.5  
The Netherlands ............................................................................................... 
89  
171  
5.6  
Madrid and Barcelona ...................................................................................... 
67 
64 
3.3 
Rest of Sweden ................................................................................................ 
30  
28  
7.6  
Rest of Finland ................................................................................................. 
129  
157  
6.1  
Rest of Europe ................................................................................................. 
60  
42  
9.3  
Total/average .................................................................................................. 
673  
1,813  
5.1  
Lease Activities 
Rent levels are determined by prevailing market rates, however, they are subject to contractual index-linked 
adjustments above an agreed base level.  
The chart below shows that the Group had a low tenant turnover rate of 4.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 
(on a 12-month rolling basis). The turnover rate was calculated as the contractual annual rent for vacating 
tenants during the year in relation to average contractual annual rent for the year. The chart below describes 
the historic tenant turnover rate and includes the rate during the 12-month period ending 31 December 2020. 
The chart shows the Group's tenant turnover rate of 3.3 per cent. on average (from 2009 to 2020) meaning 
that the rate of retention in respect of tenants whose lease agreements expire is close to 97 per cent. on 
average during the past twelve years.

--- Page 108 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 98 - 
70-40746993 
 
Vacancy Rates 
Change in economic vacancy rate 
Despite recent acquisitions of properties with vacancies, the economic occupancy rate amounted to 95 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2020 (compared to 95 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the vacancy value rose by SEK 128 million (compared to SEK 93 
million during the year ended 31 December 2019) due to tenants vacating premises and declined by SEK 123 
million (compared to SEK 98 million during the year ended 31 December 2019) due to new lettings. 
Discounts provided on a fixed-term basis amounted to SEK 35 million during the year ending 31 December 
2020 (compared to SEK 22 million during the year ending 31 December 2019). The terms for the discounts 
as at 1 January 2021 are described in the table at "-Terms for discounts provided" below. As at 31 December 
2020, Stockholm and Helsinki accounted for 66 per cent. (63 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) of the 
vacancy value. The rental markets in Stockholm and Helsinki have shorter lease terms and the turnover of 
tenants is higher, thus leading to relocation vacancies. The closing vacancy value as at 31 December 2020 
was SEK 159 million (compared to SEK 135 million as at 31 December 2019). The properties with 
vacancies that were acquired in 2020 increased the vacancy value by SEK 11 million. The closing vacancy 
value was reduced by SEK 1 million due to property sales. 
At 31 December 2020, the total vacancy rate in the portfolio in terms of area was 5 per cent. and the same 
total vacancy rate was also reported as at 31 December 2019 and as at 31 December 2018. 
Future vacancy changes 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, notices of termination had been served for leases with a rental 
value of SEK 68 million (compared to SEK 85 million during the year ending 31 December 2019), of which 
notices of vacating the premises accounted for SEK 68 million (compared to SEK 81 million during the year 
ending 31 December 2019) and there were no notices of renegotiation (compared to SEK 4 million during 
the year ending 31 December 2019). Of the leases for which notice of vacating the premises had been 
received, vacancies corresponding to SEK 44 million will occur in 2021, SEK 9 million will occur in 2022 
and SEK 15 million will occur in 2023 or thereafter. The rate of vacating premises is described in the table at 
"-Vacancy Changes" below. New lettings that have not yet been occupied reduced the adjusted vacancy 
value by SEK 17 million as at 31 December 2020 (compared to SEK 14 million as at 31 December 2019). 
The adjusted closing vacancy value as at 31 December 2020 was SEK 210 million (compared to SEK 205 
million as at 31 December 2019). SEK 51 million (compared to SEK 67 million as at 31 December 2019) 
was due to the aforementioned increase in notice of vacating premises, but which have not yet been vacated 
and new lettings which remain unoccupied. 
Vacancies as at 1 January 2021 
The table below sets out the Group's total properties owned and vacancies as at 1 January 2021. 
Area 
No. of 
properties 
Lettable 
area 
Rental 
value 
Vacancy 
value(1) 
Economic 
vacancy 
rate(1) 
Vacant area 
Vacancy 
rate by 
area 
 
 
(square 
metres) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
(SEK, 
millions) 
 
(square 
metres) 
 
Stockholm .....................................
78 
655,000 
702 
48 
7% 
37,000 
6% 
Helsinki ........................................
72 
577,000 
622 
51 
8% 
58,000 
10% 
Finland, university cities ...............
66 
356,000 
326 
11 
3% 
11,000 
3% 
Paris ..............................................
82 
305,000 
317 
11 
4% 
11,000 
4% 
The Netherlands ............................
89 
466,000 
337 
13 
4% 
9,000 
2% 
Madrid and Barcelona ...................
67 
235,000 
116 
15 
13% 
31,000 
13% 
Rest of Sweden .............................
30 
261,000 
149 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Rest of Finland .............................
129 
326,000 
217 
2 
1% 
5,000 
2% 
Rest of Europe(2) ...........................
60 
299,000 
239 
7 
3% 
6,000 
2% 
Total .............................................
673 
3,480,000 
3,024 
159 
5% 
168,000 
5% 
 ____________________  
(1) The vacancy value and vacancy rate take into account vacancies as well as discounts provided to tenants.

--- Page 109 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 99 - 
70-40746993 
 
(2) As of 2020, Madrid and Barcelona are reported as a separate market area, it was previously reported under Rest of Europe.  
Terms for discounts provided 
The table below sets out the value of discounts provided by the Group as at 1 January 2021. 
Year of expiry 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
2021 ................................................................................................................................. 
26 
2022 ................................................................................................................................. 
3 
2023 ................................................................................................................................. 
4 
2024 ................................................................................................................................. 
1 
2025 ................................................................................................................................. 
0 
Past 2025 ......................................................................................................................... 
1 
Total ................................................................................................................................ 
35 
 
Vacancy Changes 
The table below sets out vacancy changes for the Group during the years ending 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019. 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Opening vacancy for each period ..............................................................  
135 
132 
Vacancies..................................................................................................  
128 
93 
New lettings ..............................................................................................  
-123 
-98 
Change in discounts provided ...................................................................  
13 
4 
Vacancy value, acquired properties ..........................................................  
11 
23 
Vacancy value, sold properties .................................................................  
-1 
-7 
Demolition of buildings ............................................................................  
- 
-14 
Change in exchange rates .........................................................................  
-3 
1 
Closing vacancy value .............................................................................  
159 
135 
 
Terminated for renegotiation ....................................................................  
 
- 
 
4 
Terminated lease, not vacated ...................................................................  
68 
81 
New letting, not occupied .........................................................................  
-17 
-14 
Adjusted closing vacancy value .............................................................  
210 
205 
Leases terminated for vacancy 
The table below sets out the rental value of leases that have been terminated and the year of their anticipated 
vacancy. As the termination is subject to certain notice periods, the premises remain occupied until the 
termination date is reached. 
The table below shows the rental value of leases terminated during the year ending 31 December 2020. 
 
Year of vacancy 
No. of leases 
Rental value 
 
 
(SEK, millions) 
2021 ..........................................................................................................  
51 
44 
2022 ..........................................................................................................  
6 
9 
2023 ..........................................................................................................  
2 
11 
2024 ..........................................................................................................  
4 
4 
2025 ..........................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Past 2025 ..................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Total .........................................................................................................  
63 
68

--- Page 110 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 100 - 
70-40746993 
 
Changes in the Property Portfolio 
Investments in existing portfolio during the year ending 31 December 2020 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group invested SEK 666 million (compared to SEK 707 
million during the year ending 31 December 2019) in its existing property portfolio, of which SEK 297 
million (compared to SEK 302 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) was invested in 
Stockholm and SEK 237 million (compared to SEK 206 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) 
in Helsinki. SEK 47 million (compared to SEK 140 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) of 
the investments pertained to the adaptation of premises on behalf of existing tenants in return for 
compensation in the form of an increased rent level and longer leases. SEK 123 million (compared to SEK 
71 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) was invested in connection with new lettings. SEK 
324 million (compared to SEK 360 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) was invested in new 
builds during the year ending 31 December 2020 and SEK 123 million (compared to SEK 137 million during 
the year ending 31 December 2019) was invested in periodic maintenance. During the year ending 31 
December 2020, a total of SEK 41 million was invested in solar power facilities and SEK 8 million was 
invested in other energy-saving investments. In addition, regular maintenance in an amount of SEK 79 
million (compared to SEK 84 million during the year ending 31 December 2019) was required during the 
year ending 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had contractual undertakings in a maximum amount of SEK 25 million 
concerning future tenant-specific modifications for the year ending 31 December 2021. 
The table below sets out details of the Group's investments in its current property portfolio during the year 
ending 31 December 2020. 
Area 
Investment 
Percentage 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
Stockholm .................................................................................................  
297 
45 
Helsinki ....................................................................................................  
237 
36 
Netherlands ...............................................................................................  
56 
8 
Finland, university cities ...........................................................................  
28 
4 
Paris ..........................................................................................................  
22 
3 
Rest of Finland .........................................................................................  
14 
2 
Rest of Sweden .........................................................................................  
7 
1 
Rest of Europe ..........................................................................................  
3 
1 
Madrid and Barcelona ...............................................................................  
1 
0 
Total .........................................................................................................  
666 
100 
The table below sets out details of the reasons for the Group's investments in its current property portfolio 
during the year ending 31 December 2020. 
Area 
Investment 
Percentage 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
New buildings ...........................................................................................  
324 
49 
Increase in rental revenue .........................................................................  
47 
7 
New leasing ..............................................................................................  
123 
18 
Maintenance .............................................................................................  
123 
18 
Solar power ...............................................................................................  
41 
6 
Other energy saving ..................................................................................  
8 
1 
Property Acquisitions 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, Sagax invested SEK 6,251 million (compared to SEK 3,544 
million during the year ending 31 December 2019) of which property acquisitions accounted for SEK 5,585 
million (compared to SEK 2,836 million during the year ending 31 December 2019). 
SEK 4,126 million was invested abroad corresponding to 74 per cent. of the total investments during the year 
ending 31 December 2020. During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of 174 properties were 
acquired with a total lettable area of 660,000 square metres. The largest investment was in a portfolio of 37 
properties in Sweden with a total lettable area of 203,000 square metres and a total land area of 560,000 
square metres.

--- Page 111 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 101 - 
70-40746993 
 
Property Sales 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, 55 properties with an aggregate sales price of SEK 1,456 million 
were divested.  
During the year ending 31 December 2019, 44 properties with a total lettable area of 149,646 square metres 
were divested. The aggregate sales price was SEK 1,453 million. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Stockholm 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 386 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 7 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 295 million were divested in this 
market area. 3 
Acquisitions and Sales in the rest of Sweden 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 1,073 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 19 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 1,073 million were divested in this 
market area.4 
Acquisitions and Sales in Helsinki 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 32 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 1 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Finland's university cities 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 97 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 2 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 3 million were divested in this 
market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in rest of Finland 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, no acquisitions were made in this market area. For the same 
period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 20 million were divested in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Paris 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 519 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 9 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in The Netherlands 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 1,039 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 19 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
 
3 
Please note the investments and divestments referred to in this sub- section includes a portfolio of 37 properties in Sweden (including in 
Stockholm) that was acquired by the Issuer in Q3 2020 and subsequently divested by it in Q4 2020 to Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, a joint 
venture between the Issuer and NP3 Fastigheter AB. 
4 
Please note the investments and divestments referred to in this sub- section includes a portfolio of 37 properties in Sweden (including in 
Stockholm) that was acquired by the Issuer in Q3 2020 and subsequently divested by it in Q4 2020 to Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, a joint 
venture between the Issuer and NP3 Fastigheter AB.

--- Page 112 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 102 - 
70-40746993 
 
2020. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 55 million were divested in this 
market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in Madrid and Barcelona 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 839 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 15 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, properties with an aggregate sale price of SEK 10 million were divested in this 
market area. 
Acquisitions and Sales in the rest of Europe 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 1,600 million was invested in acquisitions in this 
market area, corresponding to 29 per cent. of the Group's investments during the year ending 31 December 
2020. For the same period, there were no divestments of properties in this market area. 
Joint ventures  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Sagax owns 50 per cent. of Söderport Holding AB, with the remaining 
share owned by Nyfosa Group. Sagax also owns 50 per cent. of Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra, with the 
remaining share owned by NP3 Fastigheter AB. Through Hemsö Intressenter AB (which Sagax also owns 50 
per cent. of), Sagax indirectly owns 15 per cent. of Hemsö Fastighets AB, with the remaining share owned 
by the Third Swedish National Pension Fund. Sagax also owns 25 per cent. of Fastighetsbolaget Emilshus 
AB and 20 per cent. of the voting rights and 14 per cent. of the capital of NP3 Fastigheter AB. 
Sagax's share of profit from property management in joint ventures amounted to SEK 562 million during the 
year ending 31 December 2020 (compared to SEK 441 million during the year ending 31 December 2019). 
Sagax's share of changes in the value of properties amounted to SEK 759 million (compared to SEK 695 
million during the year ending 31 December 2019) and the share of changes in the value of fixed-income 
derivatives was a negative SEK 18 million during the year ending 31 December 2020 (compared to a 
negative SEK 5 million during the year ending 31 December 2019). During the year ending 31 December 
2020, the total value of the commitment associated with ownership of joint ventures amounted to SEK 6,833 
million (compared to SEK 5,693 million during the year ending 31 December 2019).  
Sagax's joint ventures and associated companies, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are set out in the 
table below. 
 
Joint ventures and associated companies 
Corporate 
registration number 
Hemsö Intressenter AB .................................................................................................................................  
556917-4336 
Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra .................................................................................................................  
559235-3667 
Söderport Holding AB ..................................................................................................................................  
556819-2230 
NP3 Fastigheter AB ......................................................................................................................................  
556747-1963 
Fastighetsbolaget Emilshus AB ....................................................................................................................  
559164-8752 
Key financial and other information for Söderport Holding AB, Hemsö Intressenter AB and 
Fastighetsaktiebolaget Ess-Sierra is set out in the tables below. 
 
 
Söderport 
Hemsö 
Sierra 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No. of properties .......................................................
82 
80 
392 
370 
37 
- 
Rental value (SEK, millions) .....................................
899 
835 
3,429 
3,195 
91 
- 
Properties' market value (SEK, millions) ...................
11,909 
10,853 
62,240 
55,027 
1,440 
- 
Lettable area (square metres)  ...................................
778,000 
761,000 
2,005,000 
1,884,000 
203,000 
- 
Lease term (years) ....................................................
4.8 
4.6 
9.9 
9.9 
6.8 
- 
Economic vacancy rate (%) ......................................
6 
4 
2 
2 
- 
-

--- Page 113 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 103 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
Söderport 
Hemsö 
Sierra 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
Interest-bearing liabilities (SEK, millions) ................
6,354 
5,828 
38,652 
35,542 
842 
- 
Loan maturity (years) ...............................................
3.5 
4.5 
6.7 
7.4 
4.0 
- 
Fixed-interest period (years) .....................................
3.1 
3.1 
6.2 
6.4 
3.2 
- 
Market value of fixed-income derivatives (SEK, 
millions) ................................................................
-219 
-208 
-231 
-211 
- 
- 
 
 
Söderport 
Hemsö 
Sierra 
 
Year ending 31 December 
Year ending 31 December 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sagax's participating interest (%) .............................
50 
50 
15 
15 
50 
- 
Rental revenue (SEK, millions) ................................
818 
708 
3,270 
3,027 
5 
- 
Profit from property management (SEK, millions) ...
466 
384 
1,810 
1,760 
3 
- 
Profit for the year (SEK, millions) ...........................
844 
929 
3,333 
3,111 
49 
- 
Sagax's share of profit from property 
management (SEK, millions) ................................
217 
188 
223 
218 
1 
- 
Finance and Capital Structure 
Funding strategy 
The Group pursues highly capital-intensive operations. Access to capital is an essential condition for the 
development of a successful property business. Assets totalled SEK 46,622 million as at 31 December 2020 
(compared with SEK 40,154 million as at 31 December 2019). Operations are funded using a combination of 
shareholders' equity, interest-bearing liabilities and other liabilities. In aggregate, shareholders' equity and 
interest-bearing liabilities corresponded to 91 per cent. of the Group's financing as at 31 December 2020 
(compared with 91 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
Funding 
Financial expenses amounted to SEK 481 million during the year ending 31 December 2020 (compared with 
SEK 470 million during the year ending 31 December 2019), representing the largest operational expense. 
As at 31 December 2020, the interest coverage ratio was 5.7 (compared with 4.9 as at 31 December 2019), 
while the debt ratio was 43 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (compared with 44 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019). The financial structure is designed with a clear focus on operating cash flow and interest coverage 
ratio. The Group endeavours to have well-balanced fixed-interest and capital maturity profiles to secure its 
operating cash flow. The average fixed-interest period was 3.4 years as at 31 December 2020 (compared 
with 3.5 years as at 31 December 2019). This fixed-interest period reduces interest-rate sensitivity but leads 
to a higher average interest rate than a shorter fixed interest period. 
As at 31 December 2020, the average loan maturity period was 3.4 years (compared with 3.8 years as at 31 
December 2019), which is viewed as offering a low refinancing risk, considering the Group's debt ratio and 
position in general. During the 12 months following 31 December 2020, a total of SEK 700 million 
(compared with SEK 182 million during the 12 months following 31 December 2019) is to be repaid, 
corresponding to 4 per cent. (compared with 1 per cent. during the year ending 31 December 2019) of 
interest-bearing liabilities. 
In addition to the Group's long-term debt, Sagax has two commercial paper programmes in the aggregate 
amount of SEK 1,500 million and EUR 200 million to provide liquidity and cover payments falling due that 
could adversely affect the Group's business and financial position. The Group's working capital, excluding 
prepaid rental revenue and including listed shares, was SEK -137 million as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group's unutilised credit facilities amounted to SEK 4,343 million. The utilisation of 
these credit commitments is not conditional on the Group providing any additional security and lines of 
credit corresponding to outstanding commercial paper are not included in available capital.

--- Page 114 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 104 - 
70-40746993 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 20 per cent. of the Group's outstanding debt was in the form of secured bank debt, 
1 per cent. unsecured bank debt, 74 per cent. unsecured bonds and 5 per cent. commercial paper. The Group 
does not have any secured bond debt. 
The following chart shows the breakdown of debt finance according to type as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 the Group had an aggregate of SEK 5,086 million in outstanding secured debt, and 
SEK 14,818 million in outstanding unsecured debt, as shown in the following chart. 
 
The table below shows the maturity profile of outstanding interest-bearing debt as at 31 December 2020: 
 
 
Interest bearing debt  
Loan maturity until year 
SEK millions 
proportion 
2021 ................................................................................................................................. 700 
4 
2022 ................................................................................................................................. 1,637 
8 
2023 ................................................................................................................................. 4,837 
24 
2024 ................................................................................................................................. 5,019 
25 
2025 ................................................................................................................................. 4,701 
24 
>2025 ............................................................................................................................... 3,011 
15 
Total ................................................................................................................................ 19,904 
100 
 
The weighted average remaining fixed interest term was 3.4 years as at 31 December 2020. The average 
interest rate – including credit margins, coupons and the effect of interest rate derivatives – on the Group's 
interest-bearing liabilities was 1.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. 
To limit the interest rate risk and increase the predictability of the Group's profit from property management, 
interest rate caps and swaps are utilised. The total notional value as at 31 December 2020 was SEK 6,060 
million, of which interest rate swaps with an average interest rate of 0.9 per cent. accounted for SEK 2,166 
million.

--- Page 115 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 105 - 
70-40746993 
 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are set out below, along with details of 
each member's shareholdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2020. The business address of each of the 
members of the Board is Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 Stockholm, Sweden.  
 
 
 
 
Holdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2020 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Class D shares 
Preference 
shares 
Staffan Salén .............. 
1967 
Chairman 
4,264,928  
34,970,660  
95,600  
-  
Filip Engelbert ........... 
1969 
Board member 
241,000  
2,119,784  
4,200,806  
-  
David Mindus ............ 
1972 
Board member, 
managing director 
10,648,800  
68,865,112  
1,192,228  
775  
Johan Thorell ............. 
1970 
Board member 
203,254  
6,949,125  
-  
-  
Ulrika Werdelin ......... 
1969 
Board member 
49,322  
980,690  
264,513  
-  
Johan Cederlund ........ 
1970 
Board member 
-  
154,160  
13,359  
-  
 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Board. 
 
Johan Cederlund 
Board member since 2010. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden 
and law at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chairman of Lotorp, an industry and trade group, and chairman and board 
member of various companies within the Lotorp group. 
Filip Engelbert 
Board member since 2007. 
Education: 
Babson College, the US. 
Other relevant positions: 
Board member of Matterhorn AEH AB and its subsidiaries, If Delayed AB, 
Tiptapp AB, Kroppens Hus AB, Stellar Equipment AB and Karmalicious 
AB. Previously chief executive officer of Avito AB. 
David Mindus 
Board member and managing director of Sagax since 2004. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Board member of Hemsö Fastighets AB. 
Staffan Salén 
Board member since 2004 and chairman of the Board since 2016. Member 
of the Board's audit committee. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chief executive officer of Salenia AB, chairman of the board of eWork 
Scandinavia AB and Amapola AB and board member of Westindia AB, 
Strand Kapitalförvaltning AB, Landauer Ltd and Green Landscaping AB. 
Johan Thorell 
Board member since 2004 and a member of the Board's audit committee. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Chief executive officer of Gryningskust Holding AB, Board member of 
Tagehus Holding AB, Hemsö Fastighets AB, Delarka Holding AB, 
Storskogen Group AB, Kallebäck Property Investors AB, K2A Knaust & 
Andersson Fastigheter AB and Nicoccino Holding AB.

--- Page 116 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 106 - 
70-40746993 
 
Ulrika Werdelin 
Board member since 2010. 
Education: 
Business and economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
Other relevant positions: 
Advisor and project manager in the financial sector through her company 
Werdelin Advisory. Previously Chief Platform Officer for Accel, a global 
venture capital firm based in London and Silicon Valley. 
Senior Management 
Sagax's senior management team, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is set out below along with details 
of each senior manager's shareholdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2020.  
 
 
 
 
 
Holdings in Sagax as at 31 December 2020 
 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Class A 
shares 
Class B shares 
Class D 
shares 
Preference 
shares 
Warrants (Class B 
shares) 
David Mindus ...............  
1972 
Board member, 
managing director 
10,648,800  
68,865,112  
1,192,228  
775  
-  
Björn Garat ...................  
1975 
Head of finance and 
deputy managing 
director 
121,530  
1,867,583  
100,847  
148  
71,562  
Agneta Segerhammar ....  
1963 
Chief financial officer 
-  
-  
-  
-  
62,548  
Set out below are brief biographies of Sagax's senior management team. 
 
David Mindus 
Please refer to "– Board of Directors" above. 
Björn Garat 
Head of finance and deputy managing director of Sagax since 2012. 
Education: 
International economics and business at Linköping University, Sweden. 
Professional experience: 
Head of corporate finance at Remium Nordic AB and financial analyst. 
Agneta Segerhammar 
Chief financial officer of Sagax since 2018. 
Education: 
Business and economics at Uppsala University, Sweden. 
Professional experience: 
Chief financial officer and deputy managing director at A Group of Retail 
Assets Sweden AB (publ), finance director at Steen & Ström, chief 
financial officer at Areim, Kista Galleria and JLL. Previously an auditor at 
PwC. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the Board members or senior management 
in respect of Sagax and their private interests or other duties. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the criteria set out in the Swedish Code of 
Corporate Governance: 
• 
there are no conﬂicts of interest between the Board or management on the one hand and the company 
on the other; 
• 
each of Filip Engelbert, Johan Thorell, Ulrika Werdelin and Johan Cederlund are independent in 
relation to Sagax, the senior management and Sagax's largest shareholders;

--- Page 117 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 107 - 
70-40746993 
 
• 
Staffan Salén is independent in relation to Sagax and the senior management but not Sagax's largest 
shareholders; and 
• 
David Mindus, Sagax's managing director, is not independent in relation to Sagax, the senior 
management or Sagax's largest shareholders. 
Nomination Committee and Board Committees 
Nomination Committee 
Sagax's annual general meeting, held on 5 May 2021, resolved to assign the Chairman of the Board to 
contact the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes, pertaining to directly 
registered shareholders and nominee-registered shareholders, according to Euroclear's transcript of the 
shareholders' register as at 30 September 2020 and ask each to appoint one representative, plus the Chairman 
of the Board, to constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee has 
been appointed according to authorisation from the next annual general meeting. The majority of the 
members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent in relation to Sagax and its management. At 
least one of the Nomination Committee's members must be independent in relation to Sagax's largest 
shareholder or the group of shareholders, in terms of votes, that works together in respect of the 
administration of Sagax. The managing director or another member of executive management must not be a 
member of the Nomination Committee. Board Members may be appointed to the Nomination Committee but 
are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one Board Member is appointed to the 
Nomination Committee, at least one of them is required to be dependent in relation to Sagax's major 
shareholders. The Nomination Committee is to elect its chairman from among its own members. The 
Chairman of the Board or any other Board member is not to be elected chairman of the Nomination 
Committee. The Nomination Committee announced on 27 October 2020 has the following composition: 
• 
Björn Alsén, representing David Mindus and companies; 
• 
Håkan Engstam, representing Rutger Arnhult and companies; 
• 
Erik Salén, representing the Salén family and companies; and 
• 
Staffan Salén, Chairman of the Board. 
The Nomination Committee has, in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code, decided on a diversity policy for election to the Board. The 
policy states that "The Board must have an appropriate composition in terms of expertise and experience. It 
is considered important that members are also shareholders in the company. It is of the utmost importance 
that the selection of members is non-discriminatory on the grounds of sex, transgender identity or 
expression, ethnicity, religion or other belief, disability, sexual orientation and age." The Nomination 
Committee held one minuted meeting and also maintained contact by telephone and email. 
Remuneration Committee 
At its statutory meeting on 5 May 2021, the Board appointed a Remuneration Committee consisting of the 
entire Board. The Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Remuneration Committee. 
The task of the Remuneration Committee is to prepare issues concerning remuneration and other terms and 
conditions of employment for Sagax's management. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting about 
remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2020. The Remuneration Committee's report is available at 
Sagax's website, www.sagax.se.  
Audit Committee 
The members of the Audit Committee, which was appointed at the Board's statutory meeting on 5 May 2021, 
are Johan Thorell and Staffan Salén. The Audit Committee normally meets Sagax's auditors twice per year.

--- Page 118 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 108 - 
70-40746993 
 
The Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Audit Committee. The task of the Audit 
Committee is to maintain and increase the efficiency of contacts with the Group's auditors, exercise 
supervision over accounting and financial statements procedures, evaluate the auditors' work and monitor the 
development of accounting policies and requirements. The Audit Committee held three minuted meetings 
with the auditors in 2020. During these meetings, topics including the auditors' examination of Sagax's 
financial reporting and internal controls were presented and discussed. The auditors' observations and 
opinions were subsequently reported to the Board. 
Auditors 
At Sagax's annual general meeting, held on 5 May 2021, the authorised accounting firm Ernst & Young AB 
was re-appointed as Sagax's auditors and Oskar Wall, an Authorised Public Accountant, was appointed as 
the signing auditor in charge, each to serve for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
Oskar Wall is member of FAR, the professional institute for the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Jakobsbergsgatan 24, Stockholm 103 99, Sweden. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, Sagax had a total of 77 employees. 
As at 31 December 2020, Sagax had three outstanding warrant incentive programs for its employees 
(Incentive programmes for 2018 to 2021, 2019 to 2022 and 2020 to 2023), which each have a duration of 
three years. As at 31 December 2020, Sagax's employees held warrants corresponding to 0.6 per cent. of the 
number of common shares outstanding. Sagax's managing director and Board members are not part of the 
incentive programmes. 
Shareholders 
Equity 
Sagax has four classes of shares: Class A common shares, Class B common shares, Class D common shares 
and preference shares. Sagax's outstanding share capital, as at 31 December 2020, amounted to SEK 
808,261,226 distributed across 26,832,884 Class A common shares, 292,446,646 Class B common shares 
(including 2,000,000 shares held in treasury by Sagax), 125,800,000 Class D common shares and 16,784,028 
preference shares. All shares are issued and fully paid for. Each Class A common share entitles the holder to 
one vote and each Class B common share, Class D common share and preference share entitles the holder to 
one tenth of one vote. Each preference share entails a preferential right to SEK 2.00 per preference share in 
annual dividends, which is disbursed quarterly as a dividend of SEK 0.50 per preference share. 
Sagax's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap. As at 31 December 2020, Sagax had 19,807 
shareholders.

--- Page 119 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 109 - 
70-40746993 
 
Major Shareholders 
The largest shareholders in Sagax as at 31 December 2020 are set out in the table below. 
 
Largest shareholders, 31 December 2020(1) 
  
No. of Shares 
Percentage of 
Class A  
Class B  
Class D  
Preference  
Share  
Votes(2) 
Shares 
Shares 
Shares 
Shares 
Capital 
David Mindus and companies 
10,648,800  
68,865,112  
1,192,228  
775  
17.5  
25.2  
Staffan Salén and companies 
4,264,928  
34,970,660  
95,600  
-  
8.5  
11.1  
 Rutger Arnhult and companies 
5,778,141  
24,836,508  
6,652,150  
-  
8.1  
12.7  
Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund 
5,716  
17,882,616  
12,821,678  
-  
6.7  
4.4  
Third Swedish National Pension Fund 
-  
24,227,658  
-  
-  
5.3  
3.5  
SEB Fonder 
-  
15,327,139  
139,000  
-  
3.4  
2.2  
Avanza Pension 
45,330  
953,171  
11,726,480  
1,359,742  
3.1  
2.1  
Länsförsäkringar Fonder 
-  
13,340,935  
-  
-  
2.9  
1.9  
Swedbank Robur Fonder 
500,000  
8,959,127  
-  
-  
2.1  
2.0  
ODIN Fonder 
-  
8,366,052  
-  
-  
1.8  
1.2  
Erik Selin and companies 
1,160,000  
4,480,000  
2,028,868  
-  
1.7  
2.6  
Johan Thorell 
203,254  
6,982,538  
-  
-  
1.6 
1.3  
  Filip Engelbert and companies 
241,000 
2,119,784 
4,200,000 
- 
1.4 
1.2 
Handelsbanken Fonder 
- 
6,234,678 
- 
- 
1.4 
1.2  
Second Swedish National Pension Fund 
- 
5,219,916 
- 
- 
1.1 
0.7 
Didner & Gerge Fonder 
- 
4,660,376 
- 
- 
1.0 
0.7 
ICA-handlarnas Förbund 
- 
- 
4,400,000 
- 
1.0 
0.6 
Patrik Brummer and companies 
- 
- 
166,666 
3,440,000 
0.8 
0.5 
Vanguard 
- 
- 
3,073,669 
508,226 
0.8 
0.5 
Lars Ingvarsson and companies 
- 
3,346,410 
100,000 
- 
0.8 
0.5 
Total 20 largest shareholders 
22,847,169  
250,772,680  
46,596,339  
5,308,743  
70.5  
75.5  
Other shareholders 
3,985,715  
39,673,966  
79,203,661  
11,475,285  
29.1  
24.5  
Sub-total 
26,832,884  
290,446,646  
125,800,000  
16,784,028  
99.6  
100.0  
Treasury held by Sagax 
-  
2,000,000  
-  
-  
0.4  
0.0  
Total  
26,832,884  
292,446,646  
125,800,000  
16,784,028  
100.0  
100.0  
of which, Board and employees  
15,533,388  
116,872,066  
5,908,142  
932  
29.9  
39.7  
 ____________________  
(1) 
 
Ownership structure as at 31 December 2020 is based on information from Monitor and Euroclear Sweden. 
(2) 
 
Voting rights for treasury shares held by Sagax have been excluded. 
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is currently involved in one tax proceeding in Sweden in relation to the Swedish Tax Agency's 
decision, regarding Sagax's acquisition of a company with loss carry-forwards, to deny the acquired 
company (Firethorne AB) deductions for a portion of such company's loss carry-forwards. 
In respect of Firethorne AB, the Swedish Tax Agency, in a tax assessment notice dated 7 December 2017 
with regards to the taxation year of 2015, denied the company a deduction for its loss carry-forwards of 
approximately SEK 1,166 million. Firethorne AB appealed the decision but in a ruling on 7 February 2019, 
the Administrative Court upheld the Swedish Tax Agency's decision. Firethorne AB has appealed the 
Administrative Court's ruling. 
The Group is of the opinion that the Swedish Tax Agency's decision is incorrect, and Firethorne AB has 
continued to object to the claim through legal proceedings. 
Should the Swedish Tax Agency's claim ultimately be upheld in this proceeding, Sagax estimates that the 
recognised negative earnings effect for the Group would be approximately SEK 156 million.

--- Page 120 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 110 - 
70-40746993 
 
Save as disclosed above, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which Sagax is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Group. 
Recent Developments 
Covid-19 
The Covid-19 pandemic has resulted in weaker macroeconomic conditions and increased uncertainty. The 
impact on Sagax will depend on how quickly and the level at which the economy will stabilise. 
Sagax's exposure to particularly vulnerable sectors, such as the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors, is low. 
Sagax's rental revenue during the year ended 31 December 2020 was distributed between 1,813 leases and 80 
per cent. of its rental revenue was attributable to 1,802 leases, each with a rental value of less than 1 per cent. 
of Sagax's rental revenue. Sagax's average rent losses have amounted to less than 0.1 per cent. of its rental 
revenue for the past ten years and in 2020, the rent losses amounted to 0.02 per cent. of Sagax's rental 
revenue. However, the impact of the negative macroeconomic developments on Sagax's tenants is 
unavoidable. 
Redemption of Preference Shares 
 
On 19 March 2021, Sagax held an extraordinary general meeting, which approved the redemption of all of 
Sagax's outstanding preference shares. These outstanding preference shares were issued in 2006 and 
subsequently Sagax's financial structure has changed as its operations developed and Sagax is seeking to 
simplify its capital structures. The outstanding preference shares comprise 1.3 per cent. of Sagax's share 
capital. Distribution of the redemption amount took place on 12 April 2021. 
First Quarter Results 
A brief summary of Sagax's consolidated results for the first quarter of 2021 are set out below: 
• 
Rental revenue increased 4 per cent. to SEK 731 million (SEK 703 million for the three months 
ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Profit from property management increased 13 per cent. to SEK 637 million (SEK 565 million for 
the three months ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution rose 14 per cent. to SEK 
1.80 (SEK 1.58 for the three months ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Revaluation of properties impacted profit by a total of SEK 1,381 million (SEK 279 million for the 
three months ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Revaluation of financial instruments impacted profit by a total of SEK 226 million (SEK -128 
million for the three months ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Profit after tax for the period amounted to SEK 2,157 million (SEK 749 million for the three months 
ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
Cash ﬂow from operating activities before changes in working capital declined 0 per cent. to SEK 
414 million (SEK 416 million for the three months ending 31 March 2020), corresponding to SEK 
1.10 (SEK 1.11 for the three months ending 31 March 2020) per Class A and B share after dilution.

--- Page 121 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 111 - 
70-40746993 
 
• 
Net investments amounted to SEK 971 million (SEK 3,230 million for the three months ending 31 
March 2020), of which property acquisitions accounted for SEK 1,055 million (SEK 3,107 million 
for the three months ending 31 March 2020). 
• 
On 31 March 2021, Sagax's property holdings comprised 681 properties with a lettable area of 
3,544,000 square metres. The property portfolio is concentrated in industrial and warehouse 
properties. Sagax's exposure to sectors that are particularly vulnerable to the economic impact of 
Covid-19, such as the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors, is low. 
• 
On 31 March 2021, Sagax's cash and available credit facilities amounted to SEK 5,048 million, of 
which SEK 17 million is in cash. Sagax's cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK 30 
million in the first quarter of 2021. Sagax has no bank or bond funding that falls due for payment in 
2021. Contracted acquisitions that have not yet been closed amounted to SEK 228 million on 31 
March 2021. 
• 
The average economic occupancy rate on 31 March 2021 was 95 per cent. Rental revenue is 
distributed between 1,828 leases. 81 per cent. of revenue was attributable to 1,817 leases, each with a 
rental value of less than 1 per cent. of the company's rental revenue. Sagax's average rent losses 
amounted to less than 0.1 per cent. of rental revenue during the 10-year period ending on 31 March 
2021. 
 
.

--- Page 122 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 112 - 
70-40746993 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Rental revenue ....................................................................................................................................
2,898 
2,581 
Other revenue .....................................................................................................................................
10 
27 
Operating expenses .............................................................................................................................
-232 
-222 
Maintenance costs ...............................................................................................................................
-79 
-84 
Site leaseholds ....................................................................................................................................
- 
- 
Property tax ........................................................................................................................................
-141 
-121 
Other property expenses .....................................................................................................................
-60 
-47 
Net operating income ........................................................................................................................
2,397 
2,133 
Central administration ........................................................................................................................
-132 
-122 
Profit from joint ventures and associated companies ..........................................................................
1,033 
917 
- of which, profit from property management ......................................................................................
565 
441 
- of which, change in value of properties and financial instruments ....................................................
741 
690 
- of which, tax ......................................................................................................................................
-272 
-214 
Financial income.................................................................................................................................
39 
20 
Financial expenses ..............................................................................................................................
-455 
-446 
Financial expenses, interest component of leases ...............................................................................
-26 
-24 
Profit including changes in value in joint ventures and associated companies ............................
2,857 
2,478 
- of which, profit from property management ......................................................................................
2,389 
2,001 
Change in value of properties, realised ...............................................................................................
-30 
-40 
Change in value of properties, unrealised ...........................................................................................
1,274 
1,301 
Changes in value of financial instruments, realised ............................................................................
1 
- 
Changes in value of financial instruments, unrealised ........................................................................
228 
889 
Profit before tax ................................................................................................................................
4,330 
4,627 
Deferred tax ........................................................................................................................................
-511 
-416 
Current tax ..........................................................................................................................................
-108 
-100 
Profit for the period(1) .......................................................................................................................
3,711 
4,111 
Other comprehensive income - items that may be reversed to profit and loss: 
 
 
Translation differences for foreign operations ....................................................................................
-693 
217 
Share of other comprehensive income for joint ventures ....................................................................
-13 
13 
Translation differences pertaining to hedge accounting in foreign operations ....................................
355 
-143 
Tax on items that may be reversed to profit and loss ..........................................................................
14 
3 
Comprehensive income for the period(1) ..........................................................................................
3,374 
4,201 
 
 
 
Earnings per Class A and B share (SEK) ............................................................................................
10.80 
12.15 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) .......................................................................
10.78 
12.13 
Earnings per Class D share (SEK) .......................................................................................................
2.00 
2.00 
Average number of A and B common shares (millions) .....................................................................
317.1 
316.9 
Average number of A and B common shares after dilution (millions) ................................................
317.7 
317.3 
Average no. of Class D shares (millions) ............................................................................................
118.4 
105.7 
 ____________________________  
(1) 
Profit for the period and comprehensive income are attributable in their entirety to Sagax's shareholders.

--- Page 123 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 113 - 
70-40746993 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK, millions) 
ASSETS 
Fixed assets 
 
 
Investment properties..........................................................................................................................
37,264 
32,333 
Investment properties for sale .............................................................................................................
284 
292 
Site leaseholds, right-of-use assets ......................................................................................................
368 
346 
Tangible fixed assets...........................................................................................................................
26 
9 
Right-of-use assets, other fixed assets.................................................................................................
26 
24 
Participations in joint ventures and associated companies ..................................................................
5,945 
4,939 
Receivables from joint ventures ..........................................................................................................
41 
- 
Financial receivables ..........................................................................................................................
587 
535 
Financial instruments ..........................................................................................................................
888 
755 
Total fixed assets ...............................................................................................................................
45,429 
39,233 
Current assets 
 
 
Rent receivables ..................................................................................................................................
123 
124 
Prepaid costs and accrued income.......................................................................................................
186 
159 
Other receivables ................................................................................................................................
121 
146 
Listed shares .......................................................................................................................................
738 
405 
Cash and bank balances ......................................................................................................................
24 
86 
Total current assets...........................................................................................................................
1,193 
921 
TOTAL ASSETS ..............................................................................................................................
46,622 
40,154 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital .......................................................................................................................................
808 
776 
Other contributed capital ....................................................................................................................
3,522 
3,046 
Reserves, translation differences .........................................................................................................
338 
675 
Retained earnings including profit/loss for the year ............................................................................
17,785 
14,760 
Total equity .......................................................................................................................................
22,452 
19,257 
Long-term liabilities 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...................................................................................................................
17,977 
16,052 
Deferred tax liabilities ........................................................................................................................
2,476 
2,018 
Financial derivatives ...........................................................................................................................
118 
119 
Other long-term liabilities ...................................................................................................................
539 
464 
Total long-term liabilities .................................................................................................................
21,110 
18,653 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...................................................................................................................
1,851 
1,385 
Accounts payable ................................................................................................................................
42 
19 
Accrued expenses and deferred income ..............................................................................................
737 
545 
Other liabilities ...................................................................................................................................
430 
294 
Total current liabilities .....................................................................................................................
3,060 
2,243 
Total liabilities ..................................................................................................................................
24,170 
20,896 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES ...........................................................................................
46,622 
40,154

--- Page 124 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 114 - 
70-40746993 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK, millions) 
 
 
Profit before tax .............................................................................................................................  
4,330 
4,627 
Change in value of financial instruments .........................................................................................  
-228 
-889 
Change in value of properties .........................................................................................................  
-1,244 
-1,261 
Result from ownership of joint ventures and associated companies................................................  
-1,033 
-917 
Dividend from joint ventures and associated companies.................................................................  
424 
281 
Dissolution of allocated borrowing costs ........................................................................................  
47 
42 
Tax paid ..........................................................................................................................................  
-55 
-74 
Other items not included in cash flow .............................................................................................  
-21 
-14 
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital ....................................  
2,219 
 
1,795 
Cash flow from changes in current receivables ................................................................................  
77 
-4 
Cash flow from changes in current liabilities ...................................................................................  
260 
48 
Cash flow from operating activities ..............................................................................................  
2,557 
1,839 
Acquisition of properties .................................................................................................................  
-5,585 
-2,836 
Property sales...................................................................................................................................  
1,426 
1,413 
Investments in existing properties ....................................................................................................  
-666 
-707 
Acquisition of listed shares ..............................................................................................................  
-256 
-64 
Sales of listed shares ........................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Acquisition of financial instruments ................................................................................................  
-7 
-503 
Acquisition of joint ventures and associated companies ..................................................................  
-260 
-178 
Capital contribution to joint ventures and associated companies .....................................................  
-150 
-150 
Lending to joint ventures and associated companies ........................................................................  
-41 
- 
Increase in other fixed assets ...........................................................................................................  
-10 
-25 
Decrease in other fixed assets ..........................................................................................................  
6 
- 
Cash flow from investing activities ...............................................................................................  
-5,543 
-3,051 
Issue of Class D shares ....................................................................................................................  
508 
198 
Issue of Class B shares, incentive plan ............................................................................................  
20 
11 
Dividend paid to shareholders .........................................................................................................  
-679 
-560 
Incentive Plan ..................................................................................................................................  
-9 
-2 
Borrowings ......................................................................................................................................  
7,886 
7,322 
Repayment of loans .........................................................................................................................  
-4,791 
-5,734 
Early redemption of financial derivatives ........................................................................................  
-8 
- 
Increase in other long-term liabilities ..............................................................................................  
1 
- 
Decrease in other long-term liabilities .............................................................................................  
- 
-11 
Cash flow from financing activities ..............................................................................................  
2,926 
1,224 
Cash flow for the year ...................................................................................................................  
-60 
12 
Exchange rate differences in cash and cash equivalents...................................................................  
-2 
1 
Change in cash and cash equivalents ...............................................................................................  
-62 
13 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period ............................................................................  
86 
73 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period ................................................................................  
24 
86

--- Page 125 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 115 - 
70-40746993 
 
Consolidated Changes in Equity 
 
 
Share 
capital 
Other 
contributed 
capital 
Reserves, 
translation 
differences 
Profit 
earned incl. 
profit for the 
year 
Total equity 
 
(SEK, millions) 
Equity, 31 December 2018(1) .......................................................
487 
3,126 
585 
11,218 
15,416 
Dividends......................................................................................
- 
- 
- 
-566 
-566 
Rights issue of Class D common shares........................................
10 
191 
- 
- 
201 
Transaction costs ..........................................................................
 
-3 
- 
- 
-3 
Bonus issue of Class A and Class B shares ...................................
279 
-279 
- 
- 
- 
Issue of Class B common shares, Incentive Plan ..........................
0 
11 
- 
- 
11 
Incentive Plan ...............................................................................
- 
- 
- 
4 
4 
Redemption of Incentive Plan .......................................................
- 
- 
- 
-7 
-7 
Comprehensive income, January-December 2019 ........................
- 
- 
90 
4,111 
4,201 
Equity, 31 December 2019(1) .......................................................
776 
3,046 
675 
14,760 
19,257 
Dividends......................................................................................
- 
- 
- 
-697 
-697 
Rights issue of Class D common shares........................................
32 
481 
- 
- 
513 
Transaction costs ..........................................................................
- 
-5 
- 
- 
-5 
Issue of Class B common shares, Incentive Plan ..........................
- 
- 
- 
20 
20 
Incentive Plan ...............................................................................
- 
- 
- 
5 
5 
Redemption of Incentive Plan .......................................................
- 
- 
- 
-14 
-14 
Comprehensive income, January-December 2020 ........................
- 
- 
-337 
3,711 
3,374 
Equity, 31 December 2020(1) .......................................................
808 
3,522 
338 
17,785 
22,452 
 ____________________  
 (1) Equity is attributable in its entirety to Sagax's shareholders.

--- Page 126 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 116 - 
70-40746993 
 
Selected Key Performance Indicators 
Financial Guidelines 
The Group's financial guidelines are derived from its financial policy and financial goals, which are subject 
to review by the board of Sagax once a year. The financial guidelines include the following thresholds to be 
considered in pursuing the Group's financial operations: 
1. an interest coverage ratio of no less than 3.0; 
2. a debt ratio of not higher than 50 per cent.; 
3. a net debt to EBITDA ratio of no more than 8.0;  
4. return on equity is targeted to be equal to or above 15 per cent. (for the period and, if applicable 
recalculated to reflect a twelve-month period) on average during a five-year period; and 
5. the profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution is targeted to increase by at 
least 15 per cent. per annum. 
The table below shows the above performance measures as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019: 
 
Sagax's 
Internal 
Guideline 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 
 
2020 
2019 
Interest coverage ratio (multiple) .....................................................................................  
≥ 3.0 
5.7 
4.9 
Debt ratio .........................................................................................................................  
50% 
43% 
44% 
Net Debt / EBITDA ratio (multiple) ................................................................................  
≤8.0 
6.4 
6.6 
Return on equity, average during a five-year period ........................................................  
≥ 15 % 
18% 
24% 
Increase of profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution ......  
≥ 15 % 
20% 
28% 
 
Selected key performance indicators other than those forming part of the Group's financial guidelines as 
presented above are depicted in the below table. The table below shows the profit from property 
management, market values and property yields as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
Profit from property management (SEK, millions)  ..............................................................  
2,389 
2,001 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK)(1) ...............  
6.62 
5.51 
Property yield .......................................................................................................................  
6.3% 
6.4% 
Return on total capital ..........................................................................................................  
7% 
7% 
Surplus ratio .........................................................................................................................  
83% 
83% 
Consolidated coverage ratio .................................................................................................  
6.4 
5.3 
 _____________  
(1) Calculated on a 12 month rolling basis and compared with the same period of the previous year.

--- Page 127 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 117 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution, (SEK) .............................................  
66.38 
 
56.77 
Properties' market value (SEK, millions) .............................................................................  
37,548 
 
32,625 
Equity/assets ratio ................................................................................................................  
48% 
 
48% 
Consolidated solvency ratio .................................................................................................  
38% 
 
39% 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Sagax applies the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures. Alternative performance measures refer to financial measures of historical or future earnings 
trends, financial position, financial results or cash flows that are not defined or stated in the applicable rules 
for financial reporting, which in Sagax's case is IFRS. The basis of the alternative performance measures 
provided is that they are used by Sagax's management to assess the financial performance of the Group and 
thus are considered to provide valuable information to shareholders and other stakeholders. 
Debt ratio 
Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period as a percentage of total assets at the end of the period. The 
debt ratio is a key performance measure relevant for assessing financial risk. 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution  
The Earnings per Class A and B share is the profit in relation to the average number of Class A and B shares 
after taking into account the portion of profit for the period represented by dividends on Class D shares and 
preference shares. Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution is not an alternative performance measure. 
EBITDA  
Net operating income less central administration costs plus dividends received from joint ventures. Sagax 
uses EBITDA so that the EBITDA/Net debt key performance indicator shows financial risk. 
Economic occupancy rate 
Contractual annual rent as at the end of the period as a percentage of rental value as at the end of the period. 
This key performance indicator shows the economic degree of utilisation of the Group's properties. 
Net asset value per Class A and B share 
Recognised equity according to the balance sheet with reversal of reserves for fixed-income derivatives, 
deferred tax on temporary differences on property values and deferred tax on reserves for fixed-income 
derivatives. The net asset value is then shown in relation to the average number of Class A and B shares after 
taking into account the portion of equity attributable to Class D shares and preference shares. This key 
performance indicator is an established indicator of the Group's net asset value that facilitates analyses and 
comparisons. 
Interest coverage ratio 
Profit from property management, excluding profit from property management from joint ventures but 
including dividends from joint ventures, after reversal of financial expenses in relation to financial expenses. 
The key performance indicator shows financial risk.

--- Page 128 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 118 - 
70-40746993 
 
Lease term 
This represents the remaining term of a lease. The key performance indicator shows the risk of future 
vacancies. 
Net debt  
Interest-bearing liabilities less interest-bearing assets, cash and cash equivalents, and listed shares. The key 
performance indicator shows the Group's indebtedness. 
Profit from property management 
Profit excluding changes in value and tax. This represents an indicator of the earnings generation in the 
operations, excluding changes in value.  
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution 
This is calculated as the profit from property management for the period reduced by dividends on Class D 
shares and preference shares, divided by the average number of Class A and B shares after dilution. This 
represents an indicator of the earnings generation of the assets, excluding the changes in value accruing to 
holders of Class A and B shares. 
Rental value  
The contractual annual rent applicable directly after the end of the period, with supplements for estimated 
market rents for vacant premises. This key performance indicator shows the Group's income potential. 
Return on equity 
This represents the profit for the period as a percentage of the average equity (calculated by aggregating the 
opening and closing balances, and then dividing them by two for the period). This key performance indicator 
shows how shareholders' capital yields interest during the period. 
Return on total capital 
This represents the profit for the period after net financial items after reversal of financial expenses as a 
percentage of average total assets for the period. This key performance indicator shows the ability to 
generate earnings on the Group's assets, excluding financing costs. 
Run rate EBITDA 
Net operating income in accordance with the current earnings capacity less central administration costs plus 
dividends received from joint ventures and associated companies. Sagax uses run rate EBITDA so that the 
EBITDA/Net debt run rate key performance indicator shows financial risk. It is important to note that the 
earnings capacity is not a forecast for the forthcoming 12 months because it does not contain assessments 
about, for example, future vacancies, the interest rate scenario, currency effects, rent trends or changes in 
value. For further information on the current earnings capacity please see "Current earnings capacity" on 
pages 43 to 44 of the Sagax Annual Report 2020. 
Run rate yield 
Net operating income (including property administration) according to current earnings capacity and adding 
back site leasehold fees, as a percentage of the carrying amounts of the properties at the end of 
the period. This key performance indicator shows the earnings generation of the operations before financial 
expenses and central administration costs are taken into account. It is important to note that the earnings 
capacity is not a forecast for the forthcoming 12 months because it does not contain assessments about, for 
example, future vacancies, the interest rate scenario, currency effects, rent trends or changes in value. For

--- Page 129 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 119 - 
70-40746993 
 
further information on the current earnings capacity please see "Current earnings capacity" on pages 43 to 
44 of the Sagax Annual Report 2020. 
Surplus ratio 
Net operating income for the period as a percentage of rental revenue for the period. This key performance 
indicator shows the profitability of the properties. 
Property yield 
Net operating income for the period (including property administration) and adding back site leasehold fees, 
(recalculated at 12 months, if the relevant period is less than 12 months), adjusted for the holding periods of 
the properties during the period as a percentage of the carrying amounts of the properties as at the end of the 
period. This key performance indicator shows the earnings generation of the operations before financial 
expenses and central administration costs are taken into account.

--- Page 130 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 120 - 
70-40746993 
 
The calculation of alternative performance measures is presented in the tables below. 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Return on equity 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................. 
3,711 
4,111 
Average equity ............................................................................................................ 
20,855 
17,337 
Return on equity (per cent.) ........................................................................................ 
18% 
24% 
Return on total capital 
 
 
Profit from property management ............................................................................... 
2,389 
2,001 
Financial expenses ...................................................................................................... 
481 
470 
Profit before financial expenses .................................................................................. 
2,870 
2,471 
Average total capital ................................................................................................... 
43,388 
36,922 
Return on total capital (per cent.) ............................................................................... 
7% 
7% 
Debt ratio 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ........................................................................................... 
19,904 
17,519 
Total assets ................................................................................................................. 
46,622 
40,154 
Debt ratio (per cent.)................................................................................................... 
43% 
44% 
Property yield 
 
 
Net operating income .................................................................................................. 
2,397 
2,133 
Add-back of site leasehold fees .................................................................................. 
-25 
-24 
Holding adjustment, acquisitions/divestments ............................................................ 
57 
10 
Currency translation to closing rate ............................................................................ 
-67 
-19 
Adjusted net operating income ................................................................................... 
2,362 
2,100 
Carrying amount of properties .................................................................................... 
37,548 
32,625 
Yield (per cent.) .......................................................................................................... 
6.3% 
6.4% 
EBITDA 
 
 
Net operating income .................................................................................................. 
2,397 
2,133 
Central administration ................................................................................................ 
-132 
-122 
Dividends from joint ventures and associated companies ........................................... 
424 
281 
EBITDA ..................................................................................................................... 
2,689 
2,292 
Economic occupancy rate 
 
 
Contractual annual rent ............................................................................................... 
2,865 
2,600 
Rental value ................................................................................................................ 
3,024 
2,735 
Economic occupancy rate (per cent.) .......................................................................... 
95% 
95% 
Run rate yield 
 
 
Net operating income according to current earnings capacity ..................................... 
2,370 
2,134 
Add-back of site leasehold fees .................................................................................. 
-25 
-22 
Adjusted net operating income ................................................................................... 
2,345 
2,112 
Carrying amount of properties .................................................................................... 
37,548 
32,625 
Run rate yield ............................................................................................................. 
6.2% 
6.5% 
Run rate EBITDA 
 
 
Net operating income according to current earnings capacity ..................................... 
2,370 
2,134 
Central administration ................................................................................................ 
-132 
-122 
Dividends from joint ventures and associated companies ........................................... 
424 
281 
Run rate EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
2,662 
2,292 
Profit from property management 
 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................. 
3,711 
4,111 
Tax.............................................................................................................................. 
891 
730 
Changes in value ......................................................................................................... 
-2,213 
-2,840 
Profit from property management ............................................................................... 
2,389 
2,001 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Profit from property management ............................................................................... 
2,389 
2,001 
Dividends attributable to preference and Class D shares ............................................ 
-285 
-249 
Reduced profit from property management ................................................................ 
2,104 
1,752 
Profit from property management per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) ........ 
6.62 
5.51 
Lease term 
 
 
Contractual future rental revenue ................................................................................ 
14,746 
14,314 
Contractual annual rent ............................................................................................... 
2,865 
2,600 
Lease term (years) ...................................................................................................... 
5.1 
5.5

--- Page 131 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 121 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Net debt 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ........................................................................................... 
19,904 
17,519 
Interest-bearing assets ................................................................................................. 
-550 
-511 
Cash and cash equivalents and listed shares ............................................................... 
-2,164 
-1,776 
Net debt ...................................................................................................................... 
17,190 
15,232 
Net debt according to EMTN programme 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities ........................................................................................... 
19,904 
17,519 
Listed securities .......................................................................................................... 
2,140 
1,690 
Cash and cash equivalents .......................................................................................... 
24 
86 
Net debt according to EMTN programme ................................................................... 
17,740 
15,743 
Consolidated solvency ratio 
 
 
Net debt according to EMTN programme ................................................................... 
17,740 
15,743 
Total assets ................................................................................................................. 
46,622 
40,154 
Consolidated solvency ratio ........................................................................................ 
38% 
39% 
Net debt/EBITDA 
 
 
Net debt ...................................................................................................................... 
17,190 
15,232 
EBITDA ..................................................................................................................... 
2,689 
2,292 
Net debt/EBITDA (multiple) ...................................................................................... 
6.4 
6.6 
Net debt/run rate EBITDA 
 
 
Net debt ...................................................................................................................... 
17,190 
15,232 
Run rate EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
2,662 
2,292 
Net debt/EBITDA run rate (multiple) ......................................................................... 
6.5 
6.6 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Profit after tax ............................................................................................................. 
3,711 
4,111 
Dividends attributable to preference and Class D shares ............................................ 
-285 
-249 
Corrected profit after tax............................................................................................. 
3,426 
3,862 
Earnings per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) ............................................... 
10.78 
12.13 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
 
 
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities ....................................................................... 
17,977 
16,052 
Commercial paper ....................................................................................................... 
1,081 
1,192 
Other current interest-bearing liabilities  .................................................................... 
770 
193 
Reversal of allocated borrowing cost .......................................................................... 
76 
82 
Interest-bearing liabilities ........................................................................................... 
19,904 
17,519 
Interest coverage ratio 
 
 
Profit from property management ............................................................................... 
2,389 
2,001 
Add-back of profit from property management JV ..................................................... 
-565 
-441 
Dividend from joint ventures ...................................................................................... 
424 
281 
Financial expenses ...................................................................................................... 
481 
470 
Corrected profit from property management ............................................................... 
2,729 
2,311 
Interest coverage ratio (multiple) ................................................................................ 
5.7 
4.9 
Consolidated coverage ratio 
 
 
Profit from property management ............................................................................... 
2,389 
2,001 
Financial expenses ...................................................................................................... 
442 
470 
Profit from property management before financial expenses ...................................... 
2,831 
2,471 
Consolidated coverage ratio (multiple) ....................................................................... 
6.4 
5.3 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution 
 
 
Equity ......................................................................................................................... 
22,452 
19,257 
Equity attributable to preference and Class D shares .................................................. 
-4,940 
-4,310 
Reversal of derivatives ............................................................................................... 
118 
119 
Reversal of deferred tax, temporary differences ......................................................... 
2,590 
2,333 
Reversals due to joint ventures ................................................................................... 
881 
741 
Net asset value ............................................................................................................ 
21,101 
18,140 
Net asset value per Class A and B share after dilution (SEK) ..................................... 
66.38 
56.77 
Equity/assets ratio 
 
 
Equity ......................................................................................................................... 
22,452 
19,257 
Total assets ................................................................................................................. 
46,622 
40,154 
Equity/assets ratio (per cent.) ..................................................................................... 
48% 
48%

--- Page 132 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 122 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Surplus ratio 
 
 
Net operating income .................................................................................................. 
2,397 
2,133 
Rental revenue ............................................................................................................ 
2,898 
2,581 
Surplus ratio (per cent.) .............................................................................................. 
83% 
83%

--- Page 133 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 123 - 
70-40746993 
 
MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
This section is provided to the investors for reference only and contains information which was available to 
Sagax at the date of this Base Prospectus. As such, the information contained in this section may not 
accurately reflect the current state of the markets and does not include any information as to the impact of 
Covid-19 in these markets. 
Background 
As a property company, the Group is exposed to changes in the market for the leasing of premises. However, 
as at 31 December 2020, the Group had an economic occupancy rate of 95 per cent., with the rate at which 
leases expire spread out over a long term, which mitigates the Group's exposure to changes in the rental 
market as such changes are balanced in the immediate future. 
The Group's exposure to the rental market is greatest in Stockholm and Helsinki. These two rental markets 
are among those with the best potential for long-term economic growth in Europe. The risk of a decline in 
leasing rates and rent levels due to a weaker rental market is reduced because of the stable demographic 
growth and the diversified business operations in these regions. 
The Group is also exposed to the property investment market in particular with respect to asset values and 
growth opportunities, which is affected to a considerable extent by conditions in the credit market and the 
general economic outlook.  
Investment Market 
The market for warehouse and industrial properties constitutes one of the smaller segments of the property 
market in the regions in which the Group operates. Few investors specialise in warehouse and industrial 
properties, although interest in investing in the segment has increased markedly in the past six years. 
A large proportion of the supply in the warehouse and industrial property market usually comprises user 
properties, properties in which the operating company also owns the property. The Group's strategy is to 
grow through acquisitions of new properties and these acquisitions are aimed at increasing cash flow and 
diversifying rental revenue. 
Transaction Market 
Factors driving interest in property investments include the general economic climate, interest rates and 
access to equity and loan financing. 
Sweden and Finland, two markets of interest for international property investments, accounted for 66 per 
cent. of the Group's property value as at 31 December 2020.   
In the Swedish property market, the total transaction volume involving commercial properties was worth 
about SEK 209 billion during the year ending 31 December 2020 compared to SEK 221 billion during the 
year ending 31 December 2019 and continues to be at historically high levels. 5 
In the Finnish property market, the total transaction volume decreased to approximately EUR 5.5 billion 
during the year ending 31 December 2020 (compared with EUR 6.3 billion during the year ending 31 
December 2019), of which EUR 350 million was in the warehouse and industrial segment. 6 
 
5 Source: Savills 
6 Source: Savills

--- Page 134 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 124 - 
70-40746993 
 
In France, the volume of commercial property transactions within the warehouse and industrial segment was 
worth EUR 3.5 billion7, in The Netherlands it was worth EUR 3.8 billion8 and in Spain it was worth EUR 1.3 
billion9, each during the year ending 31 December 2020. 
Rental Market 
The Group's primary exposure to the rental market is through its properties situated in Stockholm and 
Helsinki. Combined, these markets account for 44 per cent. of the Group's rental value as at 31 December 
2020. In the Stockholm and Helsinki market areas, the average maturity of leases is 3.9 and 4.3 years, 
respectively, as at 31 December 2020. Properties in Stockholm and Helsinki generally have leases with 
shorter terms, which means that vacating of premises, new leases and renegotiations of existing leases 
continuously take place. 
The property markets in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad10, Barcelona and Madrid are among the 
European markets that, in the assessment of management of Sagax, offer the best potential for long-term 
growth. Randstad is the closely-knit metropolitan region of central Netherlands, where the four largest cities 
– Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht – are located. One of the characteristics of these markets is 
a limited supply of land for development of warehouse and industrial properties at the same time as centrally 
located areas for warehouse and industrial properties are being converted for other uses to meet increased 
demand for new housing, offices and retail premises resulting from the region's population growth.   
This supply and demand situation means that premises in the warehouse and light industry segment are 
expected to continue to report stable rent levels and high leasing rates. For further information, please see 
"Market Dynamics" below.  
According to the assessment of Sagax's management based on Eurostat data available, more populated areas 
are expected to have higher economic growth, stronger employment growth and higher population growth 
than less populated areas. This applies both nationally and at a European level. Cities have more developed 
economies with companies across a large number of industries and sectors and a wider range of culture, 
retail and education. The pattern also shows that larger regions (measured by regional gross domestic 
product (GDP or GRP)) are more affluent in terms of GDP per capita. As shown in the chart below titled 
"GRP and GRP per capita 2019", Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Barcelona and Madrid are among 
the most prosperous regions in Europe. The chart below is based on the European Union's subdivisions of 
countries and regions according to the population size, as reported through Eurostat. Each dot in the chart 
corresponds to a European region. More recent data than from 2019 is not yet available from Eurostat. 
According to information from Eurostat and as analysed in a report by Evidens, a research specialist, with a 
regional GDP of EUR 67,400 per capita, Stockholm is the most affluent of the Group's market areas, 
followed by Paris with a regional GDP of EUR 60,000 per capita, Helsinki with a regional GDP of EUR 
53,500 per capita, Randstad with a regional GDP of EUR 46,400 per capita and Barcelona with a regional 
GDP of EUR 29,900 per capita. By comparison, the mean value of GDP in the 27 EU member countries is 
EUR 27,500 per capita.   
According to Statistics Sweden and Evidens, the average annual population growth in the three Swedish 
metropolitan regions of Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö was 1.4 per cent. during the period from 2000 to 
2020. The Stockholm region accounted for 85 per cent. of the Swedish portfolio, corresponding to a property 
value of SEK 10.6 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
In Finland, regions experiencing population growth accounted for 92 per cent. of the Group's property value 
as at 31 December 2020. The Helsinki region accounted for 54 per cent. and population growth has averaged 
1.0 per cent. since 2000. 
 
7 Source: Savills 
8 Source: Savills 
9 Source: Savills 
10 Randstad is a metropolitan region in the centre of The Netherlands, which contains The Netherlands' four largest cities: Amsterdam, Rotterdam, 
The Hague and Utrecht.

--- Page 135 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 125 - 
70-40746993 
 
In France, the trend is similar to that of Sweden and Finland, with faster population growth in urban areas. 
Paris, which has grown by just over 1.2 million inhabitants since 2000, is one of the fastest growing regions 
in Europe in absolute terms, with population growth corresponding to 0.5 per cent. per year. 
The Netherlands, a densely populated country, does not show the same demographic growth pattern, with 
lower growth in smaller regions. The reason for this is the relatively short distances and extensive 
commuting within the country, more extensive than in Sweden, for example. The country may be viewed as 
a single local labour market and it is not possible to distinguish any smaller local labour markets. According 
to Eurostat, the Randstad region has accounted for half of the population growth of 14 per cent. since 2000, 
equal to annual population growth of 0.6 per cent. 
The educational level among the population is an important factor for a region's growth. Access to 
universities and colleges influences regional growth and regions with a highly educated population also tend 
to display a more varied industry structure, with a more distinct focus on knowledge intensive sectors. 
According to Eurostat, 63 per cent. of people in the 30 to 34-year-old age category in Stockholm had a 
university or college education in 2019. This is a rise of 56 per cent. since 2000. The proportion of the 
population in the same age category with a university/college education was 55 per cent. in Helsinki, 63 per 
cent. in Paris and 53 per cent. in Randstad, compared with an average of 52 per cent. in the EU. In 
Barcelona, the proportion of the population with a university/college education in the 30 to 34-year old age 
category increased from 30 per cent. to 51 per cent. between 2000 and 2019. 
A high educational level in a region usually correlates with a strong and growing service sector, which is 
important for economic growth, particularly in highly productive professional service sectors, such as 
financial and corporate services. Stockholm is one of the European regions with the largest proportion of 
employees in professional service sectors. As shown by the chart at the end of this section, Helsinki, Paris 
and Randstad also have significant proportions of their populations in the highly productive service sector, 
compared to other major labour markets in Europe.  
 
 
Source: Eurostat

--- Page 136 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 126 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
 
Source: SCB and Evidens 
 
 
 
      
 
Source: INSEE and Evidens

--- Page 137 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 127 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
Source: Statistics Finland and Evidens 
 
 
Source: Statistics Netherland and Evidens 
 
 
Source: INE

--- Page 138 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 128 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
 
Market Dynamics 
A combination of stable economic and population growth and restricted supply of premises as described in 
"Rental Markets" above corresponds with stable demand for premises in the warehouse and light industry 
sector. Stockholm and Helsinki have historically shown both strong population growth and healthy economic 
growth. Viewed in terms of relative population growth, Stockholm and Helsinki are among the most affluent 
regions in the EU that have experienced population growth since 2000 (see table below). Paris, Randstad and 
Barcelona also show significantly higher growth than the median for all regions in the EU according to the 
table from Eurostat below. Population growth is highly significant for demand for warehouse and light 
industry premises. 
According to Eurostat, since 2000, the number of inhabitants in the Stockholm region has grown by an 
annual average of 1.4 per cent. In total, the number of inhabitants in the Stockholm region has risen by 32 
per cent. from 2000 to 2020, corresponding to 584,800 people. 
The positive trend also applies to economic growth. The charts below show GRP per capita and annual 
regional GRP growth in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris, Randstad, Madrid and Barcelona from 2000 to 2020. 
With annual GRP growth of 2.7 per cent. combined with a population growth of 1.4 per cent. since 2000, the 
Stockholm region, for example, is one of the most successful regions in the EU for such metrics. Helsinki, 
Paris, Randstad, Madrid and Barcelona have also outperformed the EU average.

--- Page 139 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 129 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
Growth in the largest and most affluent regions has been favourable since 2000 in terms of both economic 
performance and population growth. Demand for housing, offices and retail premises increases in line with 
population growth. This is leading to existing warehouse and industrial properties being used for other 
purposes. While the supply of existing industrial and warehouse premises is declining, production of new 
premises of this type is limited. 
The below heat maps show GDP per capita in the EU and regional GDP growth in the EU. They show that 
the Group invests in mature markets with a high GDP per capita.  
 
Source: Eurostat and Evidens 
The tenant categories found in warehouse and light industry premises often have relatively low profit 
margins that do not allow room for the rent levels required for new premises in metropolitan regions. As a 
result, such companies look for areas with existing and less expensive premises. 
The supply of development land in prime locations is limited, while demand for housing, offices and retail 
premises is increasing. These factors lead to incentives for owners of warehouse and industrial properties to 
convert their premises to other uses and thus meet demand from stakeholders with a higher payment 
capacity. This pressure to convert means that the supply of premises for warehouse and light industry is 
declining per capita. The leasing rate for warehouse and industrial properties is thus expected to remain high 
in the foreseeable future in metropolitan regions with high population growth and stable economic 
development.

--- Page 140 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 130 - 
70-40746993 
 
Supply Changes in Stockholm 
An analysis was carried out by Evidens (based on data from Statistics Sweden) on the relationship between 
economic growth and subsequent conversion of warehouse and light industry premises to other uses in 
Stockholm. In previous years, an equivalent analysis was also conducted for Helsinki (based on data from 
Statistics Finland), the results of which correspond similarly with the trend in Stockholm. 
In Stockholm, 24 business zones with a focus on the property taxation categories of warehouses, light 
industry and industrial offices were studied during the period 1998–2020. The studied areas have been 
divided into three sub-markets: Central business districts, Inner suburbs and Outer suburbs (see map on next 
page). 
Between 1998 and 2020, the supply of warehouse, light industry and industrial offices in Stockholm 
increased by a total of 5 per cent. at the same time as population growth was 30 per cent. However, there are 
considerable differences in the change of supply figures between the various sub-markets. 
Central business districts showed a 27 per cent. decrease in supply during the period. The change in supply is 
particularly clear in Hagaland, where warehouse, light industry and industrial offices have had to make way 
for homes and office buildings. Similarly, the supply of premises in Globen/Johanneshov will decline when 
what is known as Söderstaden is developed. 
In the inner suburbs, the supply of premises for light industry has declined by 42 per cent. at the same time 
as warehouse premises have grown by 23 per cent. In total, floor area has declined 7 per cent. in Stockholm's 
inner suburbs. In the three outer suburbs, supply of light industrial and warehouse buildings has grown by 
123 per cent. The growth is primarily attributable to newly produced logistics and warehouses facilities, 
primarily in the areas of Jordbro (southern Stockholm) and Rosersberg and Brunna (northern Stockholm). 
If the analysis is divided by type of premises, premises primarily for light industry have been divested or 
converted to other uses. The supply of premises for light industry in Stockholm has declined a total of 28 per 
cent. The supply of industrial offices has declined 7 per cent., while the supply of warehouse premises has 
increased 32 per cent.

--- Page 141 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 131 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
The below table shows the change in supply of premises in Stockholm from 1998 to 2020 during a period in 
which the population growth was 30 per cent. 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Source: SCB and Evidens 
Rent Trends 
The combination of population and GDP growth and minor changes in supply benefits the demand for 
premises in the warehouse and light industry segment. The rent trend for warehouse and industrial properties 
is stable (see charts below concerning inflation-indexed rents in Stockholm, Helsinki, Paris and Randstad).  
In Helsinki, rent levels have been rising moderately with minor fluctuations since 1994. However, the 
growth rate in Helsinki has been in line with that of Stockholm. The reported rent levels for Paris extends 
over the period 2005 to 2020 and demonstrates the stable rent levels for the warehouse and light industrial 
properties segment compared with offices.

--- Page 142 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 132 - 
70-40746993 
 
The charts below illustrate that rent trends for warehouse and industrial properties in the four regions 
correlate only slightly to rent trends for offices across the measurement period. Also, for leasing rates, 
warehouse and industrial properties generally show less variation over time compared with leasing rates for 
offices. Over the past ten years, the leasing rate for warehouse and industrial premises in the Stockholm 
region has consistently exceeded 90 per cent.

--- Page 143 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 133 - 
70-40746993

--- Page 144 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 134 - 
70-40746993 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDEN 
 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does 
thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the 
Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the 
summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment 
companies and life insurance companies, not described below. In addition, the summary does not address 
Notes that are held on an "investment savings account" (Sw. investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a 
specific tax regime. Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish and 
foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no and has not had any connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which does not carry 
out any business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount under a Note or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that 
such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the 
Notes are attributable. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal 
amounts under Notes or interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, a private individual may be liable to pay taxes in Sweden on a limited basis even 
if he/she is not resident in Sweden, providing that he/she has been resident in Sweden or has lived 
permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of, or the ten calendar years preceding, a 
disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular 
financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties 
between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes and thereby liable to pay taxes on an unlimited basis, i.e. on all income regardless 
of source, or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all income derived from capital assets (e.g. income that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal amounts under Notes is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax 
law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal amounts under Notes or interest. However, if 
amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an 
estate of a deceased person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is 
normally withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 145 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 135 - 
70-40746993 
 
THE NETHERLANDS 
 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, it is assumed that a holder of 
Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or - in the case of such holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in 
Sagax NL and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note has or will have a 
substantial interest in Sagax NL. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in an entity if (a) such individual, either alone or 
together with his or her partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have, or (b) certain relatives of 
such individual or his or her partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have, (I) the ownership of, 
a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either 
the total issued and outstanding capital of such entity or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of 
shares of such entity, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of 
such entity. Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial interest in a company if (i) he or she or his or 
her predecessor has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest or (ii) 
he or she has transferred an enterprise in exchange for shares in such company, in each case, on a non-
recognition basis. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in an entity if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such entity or the issued 
and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such entity, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of such entity. Generally, a non-resident entity has a deemed substantial interest 
in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial 
interest on a non-recognition basis. 
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other person that is 
taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes or would be taxable as a corporation for Dutch 
corporate tax purposes in case such corporation or other person would be or would be deemed to be tax 
resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by Sagax NL under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of Sagax NL if such entity (i) is 
considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation 
on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en 
niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in 
such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the 
recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier)

--- Page 146 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 136 - 
70-40746993 
 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a 
hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25% in 2021). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from the Notes at 
the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50% in 2021) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits (other 
than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain otherwise qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the 
basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For 2021, 
the deemed return ranges from 1.90% to 5.69% of the value of the individual's net assets as at the beginning 
of the relevant fiscal year (including the Notes). The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the 
basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the deemed return will be taxed 
at the prevailing statutory rate (31% in 2021). 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the relevant tax 
purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder 
derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain otherwise qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as 
defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance tax will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or 
on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax

--- Page 147 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 137 - 
70-40746993 
 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue or acquisition of Notes, payments of principal and interest under the Notes, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands by 
a holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes, the 
execution, delivery or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the 
Netherlands) of the Notes or the performance of Sagax NL's obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes. 
OTHER DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Sweden and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the relevant Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are 
not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 148 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 138 - 
70-40746993 
 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to 
withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 149 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 139 - 
70-40746993 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Amended and Restated 
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) dated  10 June 2021, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any 
of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes ". In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuers (failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 150 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 140 - 
70-40746993 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 151 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 141 - 
70-40746993 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 152 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 142 - 
70-40746993 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the relevant Issuer may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global 
form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands 
in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein Zero Coupon Notes are Notes 
that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which 
interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and

--- Page 153 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 143 - 
70-40746993 
 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 154 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 144 - 
70-40746993 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of 
Sagax only, the giving of the Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Sagax dated 29 August 2018, 27 June 2019, 26 June 2020 and 26 May 2021; (b) 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of Sagax EUR dated 27 June 2019, 29 June 2020 and 26 May 2021 and 
(c) resolutions of the Board of Managing Directors of Sagax NL dated 25 June 2020 and 27 May 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes is expected to be granted on or about 10 June 2021. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on https://www.sagax.se/en/prospectus-regarding-bond-
loans: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of each of Sagax, Sagax EUR and Sagax NL (with an English 
translation thereof); 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms to this Base Prospectus. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection from the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent for the time being. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 155 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 145 - 
70-40746993 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 31 March 
2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Sagax since 31 
December 2020.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Sagax EUR since 31 
December 2020 and no material adverse change in the prospects of Sagax EUR since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Sagax NL since the date of 
its incorporation and no material adverse change in the prospects of Sagax NL since the date of its 
incorporation. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on pages 14 and 109, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are 
aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Sagax have been audited without qualification for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by Ernst & Young AB (Ernst and Young) of 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, SE-103 99 Stockholm, Sweden who are authorised and regulated by the Swedish 
Inspectorate of Auditors – Revisorsinspektionen, and who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent 
to the inclusion of their audit reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are 
included. 
The financial statements of Sagax EUR have been audited without qualification for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by Ernst & Young. 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP of Boompjes 258, Rotterdam 3011XZ, The Netherlands have been 
appointed as independent auditors of Sagax NL for the initial accounting period of Sagax NL, which 
commenced on 17 June 2020 (being its date of incorporation) and ends on 31 December 2021. The auditor 
who will sign the auditor's reports on behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a member of the 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative

--- Page 156 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 146 - 
70-40746993 
 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
and the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Language of this Base Prospectus  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 157 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 147 - 
70-40746993 
 
 
ISSUERS 
Sagax EURO MTN AB (publ) 
Engelbrektsplan 1  
114 34 Stockholm  
Sweden 
Sagax EURO MTN NL B.V. 
Weena 738 A 
14e verdieping - zuidzijde  
3014DA Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
AB Sagax (publ)  
Engelbrektsplan 1  
114 34 Stockholm  
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Winchester House  
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB  
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Swedish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Cirio Advokatbyrå AB 
Mäster Samuelsgatan 20 
Box 3294 
SE-103 65 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Dutch law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2  
1076 CV Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 158 ---
254627-4-7-v32.0 
- 148 - 
70-40746993 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To Sagax and Sagax EUR 
Ernst & Young AB 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24 
SE-103 99 Stockholm 
Sweden 
To Sagax NL 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Boompjes 258  
Rotterdam 3011XZ 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
75009 Paris 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited  
Ten Earlsfort Terrace  
Dublin 2  
Ireland