--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus of ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. ("ABANCA", the "Bank" or the "Issuer"), a public limited company 
(sociedad anómima), has been approved by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) 
(the "CNMV") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of securities 
("Securities") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme of ABANCA (the "Programme") described 
in this Base Prospectus during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance 
with, and including the information required by Annexes 7 and 15 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019. The 
CNMV has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of 
the quality of any Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Securities. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to listing on the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de 
Renta Fija) ("AIAF"). AIAF is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II"). Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers. No unlisted Securities may be issued under the Programme. 
The Securities under this Programme will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will 
be registered with Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
("Iberclear") as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish settlement system (the "Spanish Central Registry"). 
Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of the Securities. Settlement relating to the Securities, as well as payment 
of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be performed within Iberclear's account-based system. 
Under this Programme, ABANCA may from time to time issue notes governed by Spanish law or by English law (the "Notes") and 
cédulas hipotecarias governed by Spanish law (the "Covered Bonds"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). 
References to the "Securities" shall be to the Covered Bonds and to the Notes. 
Each tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions of the 
Notes") as supplemented by a document specific to such tranche called Notes final terms (the "Notes Final Terms"). Each tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (Cédulas 
hipotecarias )" (the "Conditions of the Covered Bonds", and, together with the Conditions of the Notes, the "Terms and Conditions" 
or the "Conditions") as supplemented by a document specific to such tranche called Covered Bonds final terms (the "Covered Bonds 
Final Terms" and, together with the Notes Final Terms, the "Final Terms"). The Final Terms of each tranche of Securities (a 
"Tranche") will state whether these are to be (I) Covered Bonds or (II) Notes; and, if Notes, whether such Notes are (a) Senior Notes 
or (b) Subordinated Notes; and, if Senior Notes, whether such Senior Notes are (i) Ordinary Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Subordinated Notes are (i) Senior Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Securities, the issue price 
of the Securities and certain other information applicable to each issue of the Securities will also be set out in the Final Terms. The 
Final Terms of each Tranche will also state whether the relevant Securities are to be: (i) Fixed Rate Securities, (ii) Floating Rate 
Securities, (iii) Reset Notes (in the case of Notes only), (iv) Fixed to Floating Notes, (v) Floating to Fixed Notes, or (vi) Fixed to Reset 
Notes. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated by any one or more rating agencies. Where a Tranche is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Securities already 
issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. Prospective 
purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of their 
exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an investment in the light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. 
Investing in Securities issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Securities are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
No Securities may be issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
Product Governance under MiFID II - A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any 
of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. The Final Terms in respect of any 
Securities may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR - A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
In addition, in the UK, this Base Prospectus may be distributed to, and directed at, persons (i) who qualify as "investment 
professionals" within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, 
as amended (the "Order"); (ii) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other bodies within the categories described 
in Article 49(2) of the Order; and (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together, 
relevant persons). 
Therefore, this Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied upon (i) in any member state of the EEA (a "Member State"), by 
persons who are retail investors, and (ii) in the UK, by persons who are retail investors or are not relevant persons. 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United State. The Securities may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Subscription and Sale" on pages 181, 182 and 183 of this Base 
Prospectus for further information. 
For the purpose of Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms issued under the Programme 
will be published on the Issuer's website (https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/es/inversores/general/#programas-de-
emision). Unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained in that website or in any 
websites mentioned throughout this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved 
by the CNMV. 
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 15 July 2021. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
15 July 2021

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer has confirmed to Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the "Arranger") that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the 
offering and sale of the Securities) material with respect to the Issuer, the Group and the Securities; that 
such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, 
the issue and the offering and sale of the Securities) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation should 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus 
and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than Arranger) in connection with the issue and offering 
of the Securities.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Security shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Securities issued as Green/Sustainable/Social Securities 
Prospective investors in any Securities where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the relevant Final 
Terms are stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes as described therein (collectively, 
"Green, Social or Sustainability Securities") should have regard to the information in the relevant Final 
Terms regarding the use of an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of those Green, Social 
or Sustainability Securities, should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's sustainable 
development goals framework, once approved and published on the Issuer's website, must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary and must seek 
advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the 
Green, Social or Sustainability Securities before deciding to invest. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Securities issued as Green/Sustainable/Social Securities or make any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Securities will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. Neither the Arranger nor any 
of its affiliates are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, 
nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Arranger as to the suitability or reliability of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or any affiliate) made available in connection with an issue of 
Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, nor is any such report, assessment, opinion or certification a 
recommendation by the Arranger to buy, sell or hold any such Securities. In the event any such Securities 
are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given by the Arranger that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the 
Securities. 
Any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 
issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Securities and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
Restrictions on distribution 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions applicable to the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or to the offering, sale and delivery of the Securities; some of 
which are described under "Subscription and Sale".  
In particular, the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES OR THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Notes will qualify as MREL (as defined in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss 
Absorbing Powers — MREL Requirements") eligible liabilities instruments if the conditions set out in 
article 72b of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") and in article 45b of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, of 15 May, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") are met. No specific statement to the qualification of the 
Notes as MREL eligible liabilities instruments by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus or in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms is required for their qualification as such. Since Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA, Additional Provision Four of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law") 
should not apply to the marketing or placement of the Securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Securities and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or 
any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Securities. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its 
own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Benchmarks 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Roundings 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Securities are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
The Securities are complex instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each 
potential investor in Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with its financial and other professional advisers) to evaluate how the relevant Securities will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the relevant Securities and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (a) the relevant Securities are legal investments for it; (b) the relevant Securities 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any of the relevant Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the relevant under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the present and future business strategies of the Issuer and the environment in which it expects 
to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements 
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors described in 
this Base Prospectus: (i) the Issuer's ability to integrate our newly-acquired operations and any future 
expansion of its business; (ii) the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future 
investments in its existing operations and pending expansion and development projects; (iii) the Issuer's 
ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or proposed 
investments; (iv) the Issuer's ability to maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and future operations; 
(v) changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate; (vi) changes in the competitive environment in which the Issuer and its customers 
operate; and (vii) failure to comply with regulations applicable to the business of the Issuer.  
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should, however, 
consult any additional disclosures that the Issuer has made or may make in documents the Issuer has filed 
or may file with the CNMV.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 41 
FORM OF NOTES FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 86 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS (CÉDULAS HIPOTECARIAS) ............................ 98 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................. 117 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 128 
DESCRIPTION OF ABANCA .......................................................................................................................... 129 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING REGULATIONS 161 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 169 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 180 
MARKET INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 183 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 185 
SIGNATURES ................................................................................................................................................... 188

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, 
the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant dealer may agree that Securities shall be issued in a 
form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Securities only and if 
appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or in the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (Cédulas hipotecarias)" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this overview.  
Issuer: 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
54930056IRBXK0Q1FP96 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme, these are set 
out under "Risk Factors -Risks relating to the ABANCA Group" below. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Securities issued under the 
Programme, these are set out under "Risk Factors -Risk Factors of the 
Securities" and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and/or other dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement may subscribe 
or procure subscribers for the issuances of Securities.   
Paying Agency: 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the 
Securities will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear. 
Clearing Systems: 
Iberclear. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 in aggregate original nominal amount of all 
Securities outstanding at any time.  
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Securities may be distributed 
by way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Securities may only be denominated in Euro. 
Notes: 
 
Maturities: 
At least one year in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated 
Notes and a minimum maturity of five years in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as indicated in the relevant Notes Final Terms or 
such other minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant competent authority or any 
applicable laws or regulations. 
The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) and will be registered with Iberclear. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
Reset Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will bear interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of 
Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset Notes 
Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined either 
 
(i) 
in accordance with "Screen Rate Determination" (see 
Condition 7(c)(Floating Rate Note Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Notes); or 
 
(ii) 
in 
accordance 
with 
"ISDA 
Determination" 
(see 
Condition 7(d)(Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
-ISDA 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Notes). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant dealer. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Conditions of the Notes and without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Holders, determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Notes Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons, following an event of default or, if indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, following an Eligible 
Liabilities Event and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
following a Capital Event, if indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Holders upon giving notice to the Holders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may 
only take place after five years from their date of issuance or any 
different minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations. Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities 
Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms 
may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five 
years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
 
In accordance with Article 63.(i) of CRR (as defined in the Conditions 
of the Notes), redemption of the Notes at the option of the Holders shall 
not be applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes or Notes that qualify as Eligible Liabilities, or redemption 
following a Capital Event or an Eligible Liabilities Event, will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority if required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) 
and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time. See Condition 
9(j)(Redemption and Purchase -Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Substitution and 
Variation: 
If a Tax Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event or a Capital Event occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so 
that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying 
Notes. See Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) of the Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions 
(please refer to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Conditions of the Notes) 
be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of interest and any 
other amounts (except in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes and, if specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, 
Ordinary Senior Notes, where additional amounts will only be paid in 
respect of the payment of any interest (but not in respect of the payment 
of any Outstanding Principal Amount)), as will result in receipt by the 
Holders of such amounts as would have otherwise been receivable by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation) of the Conditions of the Notes; and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Status: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case 
of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully described in 
Condition 4 (Status) of the Conditions of the Notes.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes governed by English Law and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes governed by 
English Law will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law, except the provisions relating to the status of the 
Notes, the capacity of the Issuer and the relevant corporate resolutions 
and the provisions relating to the exercise and effect of the Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and the 
acknowledgement of the same, which are governed by Spanish law.  
The Notes governed by Spanish Law and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes governed by 
Spanish Law will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Spanish law. 
Covered Bonds: 
 
Maturities: 
The Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds will not exceed 50 years from 
the Issue Date. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.  
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-
entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be registered with Iberclear. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined 
either 
 
(i) 
in accordance with "Screen Rate Determination" (see 
Condition 6(c) (Floating Rate Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds); or 
 
(ii) 
in accordance with "ISDA Determination" (see Condition 6(d)) 
(Floating Rate Provisions -ISDA Determination) of the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 6(i) (Floating Rate Provisions -Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds and without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, determine a

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity or that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Holders, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. 
 
The Covered Bonds may also be redeemed due to legal reasons. See 
Condition 7(d) (Redemption and Purchase -Redemption due to legal 
reasons). 
Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made subject and after deduction or 
withholding required to be made by law for or on account of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or 
withholding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Status: 
Covered Bonds will all rank as more fully described in Condition 4 
(Status) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Rating: 
The Issuer's long term ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
"Baa3" (Stable) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., "BB+" 
(Stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, "BBB-" (Negative) by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and "BBB" (Stable) by DBRS Ratings 
GmbH.  
 
Series of Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Securities is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application may be made for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF.   
 
Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, European 
or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading 
facilities or any other organised markets) agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant dealers in relation to the Series. No unlisted Securities may 
be issued under the Programme.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Securities in the 
EEA, Spain, the UK and the United States, and other such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Securities (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Securities is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Securities, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Securities, the business of 
the Issuer (and its subsidiaries (the "ABANCA Group")) and the industries in which it operates together with all 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or in the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (Cédulas hipotecarias)" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this section. 
Only risks which are specific to ABANCA or the ABANCA Group or to the Securities are included herein as 
required by the Prospectus Regulation. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to ABANCA or the ABANCA 
Group that are not currently known to ABANCA or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to 
the banking industry (such as the reputational risk, risk related to the reduction of credit ratings, operational risks 
inherent to the activity, cyber-risks and information technology risks, risks related to changes in the financial 
accounting and reporting standards or risks related to compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption 
and anti-terrorism financing rules) for which reason have not been included herein, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of ABANCA or the ABANCA Group and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Securities may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Securities is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. Risks that apply generally to securities with the characteristics of the Securities that can 
be issued under this Base Prospectus (for instance, risks related to modifications of the Notes approved by a 
meeting of Holders of the Notes, risks related to the absence of limitations on the amount or type of further 
securities or indebtedness which the Issuer may incur, risks related to fluctuations in market interest rates or risks 
related to the reset of the interest rate on Reset Notes), that apply generally to negotiable securities such as those 
related to the secondary market in general (for instance, illiquidity or price fluctuations, including in the 
particular case of securities issued at a discount or premium) and those related to the credit ratings assigned to 
the Securities (such as changes in the credit ratings or the assignment of unsolicited ratings) have not been 
included herein. However, such additional risks may affect the value and liquidity of the Securities. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ABANCA GROUP 
Business and financial risks and macroeconomic risk 
Credit Risk 
The ABANCA Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. Credit risk can be 
defined as potential losses in respect of the full or partial breach of the debt repayment obligations of customers 
or counterparties (including, but not limited to, the insolvency of a counterparty or debtor), and also includes the 
value loss as a consequence of the credit quality of customers or counterparties. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the ABANCA Group's borrowers and counterparties could affect the recoverability and value of the 
ABANCA Group's assets and require an increase in provisions for problematic and doubtful debts and other 
provisions. Collateral and security provided to the ABANCA Group may be insufficient to cover the exposure or 
the obligations of others to the ABANCA Group. Credit risk is of concern in respect of the ABANCA Group's 
business activities in the banking, insurance, treasury and investee portfolio sectors. 
As of 31 December 2020, credits to clients and fixed income securities represented 58.0% and 19.9%, respectively, 
of the total assets of the ABANCA Group (63.1% and 18.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019)1. As of 31 
December 2020, €6,423.24 million fixed income securities were valued as financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, €6,915.30 million as financial assets at amortised cost, €27.48 million as non-
trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss and €20.98 million as financial assets held 
 
1  
In 2020 the Average Total Assets of the ABANCA Group were €62,459.62 million (to €53,797.71 million in 2019). Average Total 
Assets is an alternative performance measure ("APM") the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in 
"Description of ABANCA—Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
for trading (€5,056.17 million, €5,895.75 million, €29.31 million and €76.98 million, respectively, as of 31 
December 2019). 
In the year ended 31 December 2020 the ABANCA Group allocated provisions for credit for an amount of €273 
million (which include €95.60 million to cover the potential effect arising from the macroeconomic deterioration 
of the banking book based on the Bank's expected credit loss models). 
Non-performing or low credit quality loans have in the past negatively impacted the ABANCA Group's results of 
operations and, as well as to all the banking system, could do so in the future. As of 31 December 2020, the "non-
performing loans" ("NPLs", which correspond to the item "impaired assets" of the consolidated balance sheet of 
the ABANCA Group) amounted to €801.13 million (€1,032.43 million as of 31 December 2019). The reduction 
in NPLs in 2020 was partially supported by a sale of portfolio whose impaired balance amounted to 
approximately €250 million and whose final impact due to the derecognition of provisions was €89.83 million. 
As of 31 December 2020, 50.6% of the NPLs were secured by real estate mortgages, while 1.8% were secured by 
other types of in rem securities (such as pledges) and 47.6% benefited from personal guarantees (63.5%, 0.9% 
and 35.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019). The new loan production formalised since the beginning 
of 2015 that has been at any time classified as NPLs (regardless of whether or not it is classified as such as at 31 
December 2020) represented 1.11% of the total new loan production during that period (the entries of NPLs 
amounted to €192.9 million in the year ended on 31 December 2020 and to €151.8 million in the year ended on 31 
December 2019). 
As of 31 December 2020, the performing loans portfolio2 of the ABANCA Group amounted to €38,351.73 million 
(€35,963.28 million as of 31 December 2019). 
As of 31 December 2020, the outstanding balances of refinancing and restructuring transactions amounted 
to €1,062.86 million (€1,298.11 million as of 31 December 2019), €379.23 million of which related to impaired 
assets (€609.59 million as of 31 December 2019). 
Some of the ratios that can be used as a measure of the asset quality of the ABANCA Group and of the ability of 
the ABANCA Group to absorb potential losses arising from them, are the NPL Ratio3 (that stood at 2.0% as of 31 
December 2020 and 2.8% as of 31 December 2019), the NPL Coverage Ratio4 (that stood at 81.2% as of 31 
December 2020 and 57.5% as of 31 December 2019) and the Texas Ratio 5 (that stood at 27.7% as of 31 
December 2020 and 33.6% as of 31 December 2019). 
The exposure to the real estate sector is a very significant factor of the credit risk of a financial entity and it has 
had, and may in the future have, a significant impact on the NPAs of the Spanish banking system. Declines in 
property prices adversely affect the credit quality of property developers to whom loans have been made and 
decrease the value of the real estate collateral securing a financial entity's mortgage loans. The ABANCA Group 
has lending exposure to risks in the property development and construction sector, with gross loans for property 
construction and/or development amounting to €725.79 million (1.8% of the ABANCA Group's total gross loans 
and receivables to customers) as of 31 December 2020 (€720.41 million (1.9% of the ABANCA Group's total 
 
2  
Performing loans portfolio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of 
ABANCA—Alternative Performance Measures". 
3  
NPL Ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
4  
NPL Coverage Ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—
Alternative Performance Measures". 
5  
Texas Ratio is an APM that reflects the ability of a bank to absorb potential losses arising from non-performing assets (the lower the 
ratio, the higher the ability). Texas Ratio is calculated as non-performing assets and non-performing debt securities divided by the sum 
of paid-up capital, share premium, retained earnings, other reserves, risk hedging for debt securities and impairment losses of non-
performing assets. The lower this ratio, the higher the ability of a bank to absorb potential losses arising from non-performing assets. 
The definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of this APM is set out in "Description of ABANCA—Alternative Performance 
Measures".

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
gross loans and receivables to customers) as of 31 December 2019). The non-performing exposure of the 
ABANCA Group to this segment was 2.7% as of 31 December 2020 and 2.1% as of 31 December 2019. 
Furthermore, Spanish real estate assets secure many of the ABANCA Group's outstanding loans, and the 
ABANCA Group holds Spanish real estate assets on its balance sheet, including real estate received in lieu of 
payment for certain underlying loans. As of 31 December 2020 the ABANCA Group portfolio of foreclosed real 
estate assets stood at €709.27 million6 (out of which, 42% corresponded to residential assets, 18% to non-
residential assets and 40% to other assets); as of 31 December 2019, the ABANCA Group portfolio of foreclosed 
real estate assets stood at €790.38 million7 (out of which, 45% corresponded to residential assets, 18% to non-
residential assets and 37% to other assets). The gross book value of foreclosed assets sold in 2020 was €87.35 
million (€139.53 million in 2019). As of 31 December 2020, the Foreclosed Assets Coverage Ratio8 of the 
ABANCA Group was 61.8% (60.4% as of 31 December 2019), the NPA Coverage Ratio9 of the ABANCA Group 
stood at 72.1% (58.8% as of 31 December 2019) and the NPA Ratio10 of the ABANCA Group stood at 3.8% (4.8% 
as of 31 December 2019). 
Any default by borrowers or the materialisation of any other risks described above (including the inability of the 
ABANCA Group to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans or an adverse evolution of 
the Spanish real estate market) could have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Unfavourable global economic conditions and, in particular, unfavourable economic conditions in Spain, in 
Portugal or in Galicia or any deterioration in the European, Spanish and Portuguese financial system, could 
have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The ABANCA Group conducts its business mainly in Spain (as of 31 December 2020, 95% of the total 
consolidated assets and liabilities of the ABANCA Group were located in Spain (94% as of 31 December 2019)), 
with the remaining 5% located mostly in Portugal, where ABANCA has expanded its activity in recent years. In 
particular, it has a remarkable footprint in the autonomous region (comunidad autónoma) of Galicia (please see 
"Description of ABANCA—Distribution channels"). As of 31 December 2020, 46% of ABANCA Group's credit 
granted in Spain is located in Galicia (48% as of 31 December 2019). This concentration in Galicia gives the 
ABANCA Group a better knowledge of the market, making it easier to manage the risk and the quality of 
acceptance, although at the same time it generates greater dependence on the evolution of the Galician economy. 
Consequently, the income generated by most of the products sold and by the services rendered by the ABANCA 
Group depends on the economic conditions in Spain and Portugal, and especially in Galicia. In addition, the 
Spanish and Portuguese economies are particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone, the main 
market for Spanish and Portuguese goods and services exports. Accordingly, adverse economic conditions in the 
Eurozone might have an adverse effect on Spanish and Portuguese economic growth and, therefore, may also 
affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the ABANCA Group. 
 
6  
As of that date, the "non-performing assets" ("NPAs") of the ABANCA Group amounted to €1,510.40 million (€801.13 million 
corresponding to total non-performing loans and €709.27 million corresponding to gross foreclosed assets). NPA is an APM that shows 
the size of the non-productive assets that an entity has on its balance sheet. The definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of NPAs 
are set out in "Description of ABANCA—Alternative Performance Measures". 
7  
As of that date, the NPAs of the ABANCA Group amounted to €1,510.40 million (€801.13 million corresponding to total non-performing 
loans and €709.27 million corresponding to gross foreclosed assets). 
8  
Foreclosed Assets Coverage Ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of 
ABANCA—Alternative Performance Measures". 
9  
NPA Coverage Ratio is an APM the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—
Alternative Performance Measures". 
10  NPA Ratio is an APM the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
In particular, since the portfolio of loans to customers of the ABANCA Group consists mainly of loans to 
enterprises (representing 40% of the total portfolio of loans as of 31 December 2020 (40% as of 31 
December 2019)) and mortgage and consumer loans granted to individual customers (representing 45% of the 
total portfolio of loans as of 31 December 2020 (50% as of 31 December 2019)), any adverse economic 
developments affecting extraordinarily industrial activities can be especially material for the ABANCA Group. 
Events affecting the global economy in general or the Spanish or Portuguese economies in particular, both external 
(such as a greater slowdown in the emerging economies, episodes of financial volatility or political and 
geopolitical risks) and internal (such as emergence of political instability in Spain, Portugal or other European 
Union ("EU") countries), could negatively affect European and the Spanish and Portuguese economies. Any 
adverse changes affecting the Spanish and Portuguese economies could have a material adverse effect on the 
ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Public support measures to fight the pandemic have raised public deficits and debt levels. A significant number 
of financial institutions throughout Europe have substantial exposure to sovereign debt issued by Eurozone (and 
other) nations, which may be under financial stress (as regards ABANCA, please see "Business and financial 
risks—Market Risk" below). Should any of those nations default on their debt, or experience a significant widening 
of credit spreads, financial institutions and banking systems throughout Europe could be adversely affected, with 
wider possible adverse consequences for global financial market conditions. As of 31 December 2020, the 
ABANCA Group held Spanish debt (mainly sovereign) representing 12% of its total consolidated assets (13% as 
of 31 December 2019). 
The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is adversely affecting the ABANCA Group and may adversely affect it 
in the future  
Since its outbreak, the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has been affecting different industries and resulting in 
a slowdown in economic activity, having a material adverse effect on economic growth. In particular, the 
pandemic is significantly affecting economic activity in Spain and Portugal. In 2020 Spanish Gross Domestic 
Product ("GDP") decreased by 10.8%, a decrease of 8.9% in Galicia, and the Portuguese GDP decreased by 7.6% 
(source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística (INE), Instituto Galego de Estatística (IGE) and Instituto Nacional de 
Estatística (Portugal)). As for the labour market, employment in Spain fell by 2.4% year-on-year in the first 
quarter of 2021, while in Galicia the drop was less pronounced (2.1%) (source: National Statistics Institute of 
Spain, Economically Active Population Survey – Quarter 1/2021). As a result, the unemployment rate in Galicia 
remained significantly below the Spanish average (13.0% Galicia compared to 16.0% in Spain) (source: National 
Statistics Institute of Spain, Economically Active Population Survey – Quarter 1/2021). Although the economy of 
Galicia has shown greater resistance to the crisis than that of Spain (due to a better situation in the health 
emergency accelerated de-escalation, a lower weight of tourism -which is the economic sector most affected by 
the pandemic- and lower dependence on foreigners, a greater foreign opening that reduces the shock in the 
domestic market and a greater weight of the food and agriculture and fisheries sector), the effects of the pandemic 
are having, and may still in the future have, an adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As stated above, the situation created by the coronavirus pandemic has already had a significant effect on the 
ABANCA Group. The ABANCA Group allocated provisions for credit amounting to €273 million in the year 
ended on 31 December 2020 (which include €95.6 million to cover the potential effect arising from the 
macroeconomic deterioration of the banking book based on the Bank's expected credit loss models). Despite the 
reduction of 74 basis points in its NPL ratio during that period, the coronavirus pandemic may still have effects 
in the future, which are not predictable. Besides not being predictable, the future effects of the coronavirus 
pandemic in the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on many 
circumstances and developments out of the ABANCA Group's control (including subsequent waves of infections, 
the measures adopted to contain the disease -including the effectiveness of the vaccination programmes to be 
implemented- and to mitigate its impact, or, specifically for the banking sector, the measures and financial 
stimulus packages implemented by regulators, central banks and governments). 
The regulatory changes implemented by the Spanish authorities to mitigate the economic effects of COVID-19 
included the establishment of a moratorium on both mortgage and other loans transactions applicable for three-
months to those situations considered to be financially vulnerable (the "Public Moratorium"). In the same vein,

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Spanish institutions broadened the range of potential beneficiaries of the moratorium through sectoral agreements 
within the framework of the Asociación Española de Banca (AEB) and the Confederación Española de Cajas de 
Ahorros (CECA), following the guidelines of the European Banking Authority ("EBA") (the "Sectorial 
Moratorium"). Both categories of moratoria could be requested until 31 March 2021. Under the Sectorial 
Moratorium each moratorium for non-mortgage loans is for a period of six months and up to nine months for 
mortgage loans, and under the Public Moratorium each moratorium is for a period of nine months (however, when 
considering the term of a moratorium, the duration of previous Public Moratorium or Sectorial Moratorium of 
which the customer benefited are taken into consideration).   
As of 31 March 2021, the breakdown by moratorium and products, of the number of transactions and the amount 
of the moratoriums granted has been as follows: 
 
(thousands of euros) 
 
Gross carrying amount 
Moratorium 
 
Public 
Sectorial 
Mortgages 
854,821 
538,350 
316,472 
Other loans 
413,566 
363,452 
50,114 
Total 
1,268,387 
901,802 
366,586 
As of 31 March 2021, the mortgage moratoriums and the moratoriums of consumer loans represented, 
respectively, 5.7% (4.6% outstanding balance) and 5.9% (1.8% outstanding balance) of the total mortgage 
portfolio and of the total consumer portfolio, respectively.   
As of 31 March 2021, 75.4% of the total moratoriums (both Public Moratoriums and Sectorial Moratoriums) were 
granted to households and the remaining 24.6% were granted to non-financial corporations. 
As of 31 March 2021, 35.9% of the total moratoriums granted were due to expire in a period of three or less 
months and 36.3% in a period of between three to six months. 
Taking into account the announcements made by the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the EBA (please see 
"Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Regulations - Prudential treatment of NPLs", 
including the reactivation by the EBA, in December 2020, of its Guidelines on public and sectorial moratoria, 
which were applied until 31 March 2021, and which included additional safeguards against the risk of an undue 
increase in unrecognised losses on banks' balance sheet), the moratoria implemented by Spanish authorities have 
not had a material adverse effect in terms of provisions for NPLs. However, the lower interest generated during 
the moratorium periods of the Public Moratorium had a negative impact in the form of a lower net interest income. 
As regards Sectorial Moratorium, given that it was on capital and not on interest, its main impact has been to help 
to reduce the number of clients who are at doubtful risk. These effects will continue in the future for the duration 
of each moratoria. Moreover, if additional measures similar to these ones are implemented in the future, this may 
have an adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.   
Also in connection with the measures taken to be prepared to face the expected forthcoming environment 
generated by the COVID-19, the Bank has been following the recommendations of the ECB about dividend 
distribution (published in March, July and December 2020) and since the date the first recommendations were 
published the Bank has only paid dividends as allowed in the last ECB recommendation (December 2020). 
Finally, in connection with the measures taken in Spain to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19, as of 31 
December 2020 the Bank had granted new ICO-guaranteed loans amounting to €3,128.08 million (19.3% of the 
total SMEs and Corporations portfolio). 
Structural interest rates risk and risk deriving from a low interest rate environment 
The ABANCA Group's results of operations depend upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from loans and other interest-earning assets and interest expense paid to its 
depositors and other creditors on interest-bearing liabilities. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the ABANCA Group's control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks and regulation of the financial sectors in the markets in which

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
it operates, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors. Changes in 
market interest rates may affect the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest 
rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities and subsequently affect the ABANCA Group's results of operations. 
Consequently, fluctuations in interest rates may therefore have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The ABANCA Group has conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of its profit and loss account to interest rates, 
considering two standard scenarios: (i) a drop in market interest rates by 200 basis points with respect to the 
implicit interest rates as at 31 December 2020 (determined applying Bank of Spain and EBA criteria), with a floor 
of -1% for changes in short-term market rates and a floor of 0% for changes in long-term market rates; and (ii) a 
rise of 200 basis points with respect to the implicit interest rates as at 31 December 2020. This analysis has shown 
that (i) a 200 basis points drop in Euribor would have had an impact of (a) -€21.43 million on the net interest 
income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and (b) -€46.88 million on the economic value of capital as of 31 
December 2020; and (ii) a 200 basis point rise in Euribor would have had an impact of (a) €133.27 million on the 
net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and (b) €1,280.37 million on the economic value of 
capital as of 31 December 2020. Please see the 2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts for further 
information on the sensitivity analysis conducted as at 31 December 2020.  
In addition to the above, and although in the last financial periods the ABANCA Group has managed to increase 
its interest income11 as well as its net interest income12 thanks to both the growth in business volume and the focus 
on some more profitable business lines, if the current low interest rate environment persists in the long term (which 
could, among others, result from an expansionary monetary policy (including specifically, quantitative easing)), 
the continuous increase (or even maintenance) of the ABANCA Group's net interest income cannot be assured, 
which may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial situation and operating results. The customer 
spread ratio13 of the ABANCA Group as of 31 December 2020 was 1.53% (1.62% as of 31 December 2019). 
In order to avoid or limit the adverse consequences derived from a low interest rate environment, the ABANCA 
Group (like other Spanish financial entities) has tried to find alternative means to achieve positive effects on its 
results of operations, with net fees and commissions among the main ones (especially through the insurance 
business) but also optimising its cost base and analysing growth opportunities. For the year ended on 31 
December 2020 the net fees and commissions14 of the ABANCA Group amounted to €234.19 million, which 
represented 21.21% of the gross margin of the ABANCA Group for that period (€205.46 million and 22.56%, 
respectively, for the year ended on 31 December 2019) with income from non-banking products 
commercialisation being €84.58 million, income from other services fees being €49.71 million, and income from 
payments and other services fees being €99.90 million (€73.92 million, €56.32 million and €75.22 million, 
respectively for the year ended 31 December 2019).  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties as regards the ability of the ABANCA Group, under adverse conditions, to 
timely access funding necessary to cover its obligations to clients as they become due and to meet the maturity of 
its liabilities. This risk includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding and the risk of not 
being able to structure the maturity dates of the ABANCA Group's liabilities reasonably in line with its assets. 
 
11  For the year ended on 31 December 2020, the interest income of the ABANCA Group was €798.95 million (€760.91 million for the year 
ended on 31 December 2019). 
12  For the year ended on 31 December 2020, the net interest income of the ABANCA Group was €642.96 million and represented 58.24% 
of the gross margin (for the year ended on 31 December 2019, the net interest income was €574.64 million and represented 63.09% of 
the gross margin). 
13  Customer Spread Ratio is an APM the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—
Alternative Performance Measures". 
14  Net fees and commissions is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of ABANCA—
Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The ABANCA Group's financial position could be adversely affected if access to liquidity and funding is limited 
or becomes more expensive for a prolonged period of time. 
This situation may arise, among others, from general market conditions (such as alterations or closures in the 
financial markets), negative views of the perspectives of the sectors to which the ABANCA Group grants a large 
number of its loans, uncertainty as to the ability of a significant number of firms to ensure they can meet their 
liabilities as they fall due (which in turn could generate a negative view of the liquidity of the ABANCA Group 
among creditors and derive in a decrease in credit ratings), or higher debt costs and less access to funds. If there 
were a deterioration in the situation of the international capital markets, or the credit ratings of ABANCA 
worsened, it would likely be more difficult for it to attract resources in such markets. Furthermore, given that 
ABANCA is a Spanish credit institution, a crisis in Spanish sovereign bonds could increase its financing costs. 
In such extreme circumstances, the ABANCA Group may not be in a position to continue to operate without 
additional funding support, which it may be unable to access. These factors may have a material adverse effect on 
the ABANCA Group's regulatory position, including its ability to meet its regulatory minimum liquidity 
requirements.  
As of 31 December 2020, the ABANCA Group had Liquid Assets15 amounting to €13,462.08 million (€7,867.69 
million as of 31 December 2019) to face maturities of issuances for an amount of €3,191 million (€3,360 million 
as of 31 December 2019), €430.62 million of which mature prior December 2022. However, the ABANCA Group 
cannot guarantee that it will be able to meet its liquidity needs or meet them without incurring higher customer 
acquisition costs or having to liquidate part of its assets if there is some pressure on its liquidity for any reason, 
which could cause a negative impact on the interest margin of the ABANCA Group. Additionally, ABANCA has 
an issuing capacity of covered bonds (cédulas hipotecarias y territoriales) of €5,288 million as of 31 
December 2020 (€6,604 million as of 31 December 2019). 
As of 31 December 2020, ABANCA Group's financing structure consisted of 8% of interbank funding, 15% of 
ECB funding, 5% of issuances and 72% of retail deposits (amounting to €42,541.02 million as of that date 
(€38,223.91 million as of 31 December 2019), that compares with the €39,100.19 million of credit to customers 
as at that date (€36,792.08 million as of 31 December 2019)). This referred surplus is reflected in the Retail Loan 
to Deposits16 (LtD) ratio of the ABANCA Group that as of 31 December 2020 was 91.9% (96.3% as of 31 
December 2019)). As of 31 December 2019, ABANCA Group's financing structure consisted of 10% of interbank 
funding, 9% of ECB funding, 7% of issuances and 74% of retail deposits. One of the ABANCA Group's major 
sources of funds are savings and demand deposits. As of 31 December 2020, 73.8% of the total consolidated 
liabilities of the ABANCA Group were customer deposits (75.9% as of 31 December 2019).  
The level of customer deposits (either wholesale or retail) may fluctuate due to factors outside the ABANCA 
Group's control, such as a loss of confidence (including as a result of political initiatives, including bail-in and/or 
confiscation and/or taxation of creditors' funds) or competition from investment funds or other products.  
As of 31 December 2020, the ABANCA Group's client resources consisted of 63% demand deposits, 18% term 
deposits and 19% off-balance-sheet funds17 (57% demand deposits, 22% term deposits and 21% off-balance-sheet 
funds as of 31 December 2019). 
Due to the last financial market crisis, that was followed by instability, reduced liquidity available to operators in 
the sector, increase in risk premium and higher capital requirements imposed by the supervisory authorities, there 
 
15  Assets of a high quality, liquid, unencumbered and available that the Bank has in order to face possible liquidity stress events. They are 
specified in the available balance of the policy held by the Bank in the ECB plus the balance of the discountable liquid assets that are not 
assigned nor pledged and, therefore, available, plus the balance in cash and the balance in central banks; as well as the balance of other 
assets, not discountable, but liquid and available. 
16  Retail Loan to Deposits Ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of 
ABANCA—Alternative Performance Measures". 
17  Off-balance-sheet funds is an APM the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which are set out in "Description of ABANCA—
Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
has been a widespread need to guarantee higher level of capitalisation and liquidity for banking institutions. This 
situation has meant that government authorities and national central banks have had to take action to support the 
credit system, and has caused some of the biggest banks in Europe and in the world to turn to central institutions 
in order to meet their short-term liquidity needs. In this context, the ECB has implemented important interventions 
in monetary policy, both through the conventional channel of managing interest rates, and through unconventional 
channels, such as the provision of fixed rate liquidity with full allotment, the expansion of the list of assets that 
can be allocated as a guarantee, longer-term refinancing programmes such as the "Targeted Longer-Term 
Refinancing Operations" (TLTRO) introduced in 2014 (the "TLTRO I"), in 2016 (the "TLTRO II"), and in 2019 
(the "TLTRO III"), and purchases on the debt securities market. As of 31 December 2020, the funding with the 
ECB amounted to €8,606.73 million, €4,658.65 million as of 31 December 2019, which represented 12.8% 
and 7.9%, respectively, of the total consolidated assets of the ABANCA Group, and 13.7% and 8.6% of the 
consolidated liabilities of the ABANCA Group, as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
Any changes to the policies and requirements for accessing funding from the ECB, including any changes to the 
criteria for identifying the asset types admitted as collateral and/or their relative valuations or a reduction or 
discontinuation of these liquidity support operations, could have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the ABANCA Group is required to comply with certain liquidity requirements, the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio ("LCR") requirements provided in CRR and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") 
net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") (please see section "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss 
Absorbing Powers —Capital, liquidity and funding requirements"). The LCR of the ABANCA Group was 291% 
as at 31 December 2020 (217% as of 31 December 2019) and the NSFR ratio of the ABANCA Group was 132% 
as at 31 December 2020 (129% as of 31 December 2019). 
Increased competition in the markets where the ABANCA Group operates may adversely affect the ABANCA 
Group's growth prospects and operations 
The markets in which the ABANCA Group operates are highly competitive and the ABANCA Group faces 
substantial competition in all parts of its business. The trend towards consolidation in the banking industry has 
created larger and stronger banks with which the ABANCA Group must now compete, some of which have 
received public capital support. This trend is currently continuing (for example, through the merger between 
CaixaBank, S.A. and Bankia, S.A. and between Unicaja Banco, S.A. and Liberbank, S.A.) and is expected to 
further continue. The restructuring undergone by the Spanish banking industry has given rise to a scenario in 
which the number of entities has been sharply reduced and market concentration has increased. While in 2008 the 
five largest banks accounted for 44% of the market, in terms of total assets, as at 31 December 2020 their joint 
share was 67%, an increase of 54% (source: Banco de España). There can be no assurance that this increasing 
competition will not adversely affect the growth prospects of the ABANCA Group, and therefore its operations. 
The ABANCA Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors, some of them operating outside the 
regulated banking system (including internet-based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone companies and 
internet search engines and other large technology companies). The cost-structure, resources and size of the 
ABANCA Group may be more limited than those of some of these non-bank competitors and, thus, the reaction 
capacity of the ABANCA Group is reduced. In addition, some of these competitors are well oriented to the 
customer experience, are able to reach a wider number and scope of potential clients, and have an important 
capability for massive data exploitation. 
Certain regulatory changes, such as the Second Payment Services Directive ("PSD2"), also favour the entry of 
new competitors (essentially big tech and fintech) and entail a certain risk of platformisation of the banking sector 
in the long term, with the effect that this would have on competition, margins and loss of the customer relationship. 
This impact would be greater in some lines such as means of payment and consumer finance.  
The EU shadow banking system had total assets of over €45.5 trillion at the end of 2019, accounting for around 40% 
of the EU financial system (source: EU Non-Bank Financial Intermediation Risk Monitor 2020, published by the 
European Systemic Risk Board).  
The degree of digitalisation of the ABANCA Group's customers (72% of their clients as of 31 December 2020) 
and their age pyramid make ABANCA consider the competition from digital providers as particularly sensitive.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
If the ABANCA Group is unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors, or if it is unable to 
anticipate and adapt its offerings to changing banking industry trends, including technological changes, the 
ABANCA Group's business may be adversely affected. In addition, the ABANCA Group's failure to effectively 
anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer behaviour could delay or prevent the 
ABANCA Group's access to new digital-based markets, which would in turn have an adverse effect on its 
competitive position and business. For example, the rise in customer use of internet and mobile banking platforms 
in recent years could negatively impact the ABANCA Group's investments in bank premises, equipment and 
personnel for its branch network. The persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards internet and 
mobile banking may necessitate changes to the ABANCA Group's retail distribution strategy, which may include 
closing and/or selling certain branches and restructuring its remaining branches and work force. These actions 
could lead to losses on these assets and may lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a 
number of the ABANCA Group's remaining branches or to otherwise reform its retail distribution channel. 
Furthermore, the ABANCA Group's failure to swiftly and effectively implement such changes to its distribution 
strategy could have an adverse effect on its competitive position. 
Market risk 
The ABANCA Group is exposed to market risk as a consequence of its trading activities in financial markets and 
through the asset and liability management of its overall financial position, including the ABANCA Group's 
trading portfolio and other equity investments. Therefore, the ABANCA Group is exposed to losses arising from 
adverse movements in levels and volatility of interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and commodity 
and equity prices. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the ABANCA Group's 
investment, hold-to-collect and sell and trading portfolios. In some of the ABANCA Group's business, protracted 
adverse market movements, particularly asset price decline, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the ABANCA Group cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may especially be the case for assets of the ABANCA Group for 
which there are less liquid markets. The volatile nature of the financial markets could result in unforeseen losses 
for the ABANCA Group. 
As of 31 December 2020, excluding hold-to-collect portfolio and the credit investment portfolio, the exposure of 
the ABANCA Group subject to market risk came to a total €5,324.38 million in fixed income securities with fixed 
rate and €267.92 million in fixed income securities with floating rate (€4,109.66 million and €99.94 million, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2019) and €163.46 million in equity instruments (€257.06 million as of 31 
December 2019). The fixed income portfolio exposed to market risk mainly comprises government bonds, as 
of 31 December 2020, 36.52% corresponds to sovereign bonds of the Spanish government, 45.80% to bonds of 
other countries of the Monetary Economic Union, 0.21% to bonds of the US government and 0.51% to bonds of 
government agencies, autonomous regions and bonds backed by the Spanish government (50.66%, 19.80%, 0% 
and 2.71%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019).  
A standard measure to evaluate market risk is "VaR" (Value at Risk)18. As of 31 December 2020, the VaR of the 
fixed income securities and equity portfolio (excluding the hold-to-collect portfolio and the credit investment 
portfolio) of the ABANCA Group, considering a daily time horizon and a confidence level of 99%, was €75.56 
million (€14.23 million as of 31 December 2019). In other words, on average, 99 out of 100 times, the real daily 
losses for the securities portfolio were lower than those reflected by the VaR. 
If the ABANCA Group were to suffer substantial losses due to any such market volatility, it would adversely 
affect the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Further, the value of certain financial instruments (such as derivatives not traded on stock exchanges or other 
public trading markets) are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models other than 
publicly quoted prices that incorporates assumptions, judgements and estimations that are inherently uncertain 
and which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Consequently, failure to obtain correct 
valuations for such assets may result in unforeseen losses for the ABANCA Group in the case of any asset 
 
18  "VaR" is a statistic that measures and quantifies the potential loss amount within a firm, portfolio or position over a specific timeframe 
given a probability of occurrence.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
devaluations. Moreover, monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead to 
losses that the ABANCA Group does not anticipate. 
The non-recovery of certain tax assets could negatively affect the ABANCA Group 
As of 31 December 2020, the ABANCA Group had deferred tax assets amounting to a total of €3,435.36 million 
(€3,401.74 million as of 31 December 2019). These tax assets or credits originate mainly from (i) accounting 
expenditure not tax-deductible in the year it is reported, but that could be in the future (pre-paid taxes); (ii) negative 
tax bases in corporation tax due to the losses of the corresponding financial year; and (iii) certain deductions in 
corporation tax which cannot be applied in the corresponding financial year if the tax base of such tax is negative. 
Pursuant to Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax, as amended (the "CIT Law"), of 
the €3,435.36 million deferred tax assets mentioned above, the ABANCA Group considers that €2,697.51 million 
would become government debt securities (monetisable) if, after 18 years have passed (as from 31 December 2014 
or from the accounting record of the tax asset, whichever date is the latest), said tax assets have not been able to 
be recovered. In this respect, the ABANCA Group plans to pay the financial contribution established under the 
Thirteenth Additional Provision of the CIT Law, having established a provision amounting to €32.67 million in 
the 2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts. The future recovery by the ABANCA Group of part of such 
tax assets will be subject to different time limitations depending on their origin (15 years for deductions pending 
application regulated by the CIT Law, except for any deduction for research and development and technological 
innovation activities, the offset deadline for which is 18 years). There is no time limitation for the offset of negative 
tax bases and deductions to avoid double taxation. Furthermore, the potential recovery of these tax assets is 
conditioned or limited by the existence of certain assumptions, such as the obtaining of sufficient profits; the non-
reduction of corporation tax; or mistakes or discrepancies with the Spanish tax authorities in the settlement of 
such tax. 
In the event that, in the future (i) the ABANCA Group should not generate profits (or should these be insufficient) 
within the period established by law in order to offset any non-monetisable tax credits; (ii) corporation tax was 
reduced; (iii) mistakes are detected in the tax settlements performed, or there are discrepancies therein as a result 
of verification actions by the Spanish tax authorities; or (iv) there are amendments in the regulations in force, or 
in the way in which they are applied or interpreted, the ABANCA Group could see the possibility of recovering 
the amount of these tax assets partly or completely restricted, with the consequent negative impact on the profit 
and loss account of the ABANCA Group. 
Internal operational risks 
The ABANCA Group may face business combination risks 
The ABANCA Group has undertaken and may in the future undertake acquisitions and/or divestments of 
businesses, operations, assets and/or entities. Acquisitions and divestment transactions may involve complexities 
and time delays, for example in terms of integrating and/or merging businesses, operations and entities, and 
targeted benefits may, therefore, not be achieved or be delayed. Furthermore, the ABANCA Group may incur 
unforeseen liabilities from former and future acquisitions and divestments which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and capital, results of operations and prospects. 
Please see "Description of ABANCA—History" for a description of the most recent acquisition transactions 
undertaken (or to be undertaken) by ABANCA: (i) the acquisition of Deutsche Bank AG's private and commercial 
client banking unit in Portugal ("DB PCB"), which represented the first cross-border acquisition for the ABANCA 
Group; (ii) the acquisition and subsequent absorption by ABANCA of Banco Caixa Geral, S.A. ("BCG"), the 
former Spanish subsidiary of the Portuguese Grupo Caixa Geral de Depósitos; and (iii) the acquisition of 
Bankoa, S.A. ("Bankoa"), a former Spanish subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole Group; and (iv) the acquisition of 
the Spanish business of the Portuguese bank Novo Banco, S.A ("Novo Banco Spain"). Although ABANCA has 
undertaken acquisitions of the sort in recent years and has proven expertise managing the processes related to 
them, this type of project represents a challenge, in terms of both technological capabilities and business 
integration. Any deviation or unforeseen events in these processes may have an impact on the outcome of the 
transaction and, thus, may have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Actuarial risk 
Actuarial risk is associated with the insurance business within the ABANCA Group's existing business lines and 
types of insurance. Actuarial risk reflects the risk arising from the execution of life and other insurance contracts, 
considering events covered and the processes used in the conduct of business, and distinguishing mortality, 
longevity, disability and morbidity risk. Management of this risk depends on actuarial management policies 
relating to subscription, pricing and accident rates. If actuarial risk was not correctly monitored and managed, it 
could adversely affect the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. The 
ABANCA Group had general and life-risk insurance premiums for a value of €299.0 million as of 31 
December 2020, representing an increase of 14.4% compared to 31 December 2019. 
In addition, under the Solvency II framework, the insurance undertakings of the ABANCA Group are required to 
produce estimates that are based on assumptions and this exposes the ABANCA Group to the risk of these 
estimates being wrong either because the assumptions were not correct or because new factors not taken into 
account by the ABANCA Group arise. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulatory challenges, in particular, on capital, liquidity or funding requirements 
The ABANCA Group's operations are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the 
effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and interpretations, in Spain, the EU and the other markets in 
which it operates. In addition, the specific effects of a number of new laws and regulations remain uncertain 
because the drafting and implementation of these laws and regulations are still ongoing. This creates significant 
uncertainty for the Bank and the financial industry in general. Any required changes to the ABANCA Group's 
business operations resulting from the legislation and regulations applicable to such business could result in 
significant loss of revenue, limit the ABANCA Group's ability to pursue business opportunities in which the 
ABANCA Group might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that the ABANCA Group holds, 
require the ABANCA Group to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional 
costs on the ABANCA Group or otherwise adversely affect the ABANCA Group's businesses. 
In addition to the increased regulation in terms of customer and investor protection and digital and technological 
matters, the regulations which most significantly affect the ABANCA Group, or which could most significantly 
affect the ABANCA Group in the future, are regulations relating to capital and liquidity requirements.  
In particular, the Issuer and the ABANCA Group are subject to certain capital, liquidity and funding requirements 
(as described in the section "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers —Capital, 
liquidity and funding requirements"). These and other regulatory requirements, standards or recommendations 
may limit the Issuer and the ABANCA Group ability to manage their balance sheets and capital resources 
effectively or to access funding on more commercially acceptable terms, for example by requiring them to issue 
additional securities that qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion of their assets 
in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any 
other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As described in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers —Capital, liquidity 
and funding requirements", and after the April 2020 decision, the capital requirements for the Bank and the 
ABANCA Group are a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") ratio requirement of 7.98% of risk weighted assets 
("RWAs") and a total capital ratio requirement of 12.25% of RWAs. These capital requirements include the 
minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements (CET1 ratio of 4.50% of RWAs and total capital ratio of 8% of RWAs), 
the "Pillar 2" capital requirements ("P2R") (CET1 ratio of 0.98% of RWAs, Tier 1 ratio of 1.31% of RWAs and 
total capital ratio of 1.75% of RWAs), and the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of RWAs to be satisfied with 
additional CET1 capital). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank's phased-in individual CET1 ratio was 13.2% (12.9% 
fully-loaded), its phased-in Tier 1 ratio was 14.0% (13.7% fully-loaded) and its phased-in total capital ratio 
was 16.2% (15.9% fully-loaded); as of that date the phased-in CET1 ratio of the ABANCA Group was 13.7% 
(13.1% fully-loaded), its phased-in Tier 1 ratio was 14.5% (13.9% fully-loaded) and its phased in total capital 
ratio was 16.7% (16.1% fully-loaded).

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
In addition, as described in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers —MREL 
Requirements" banks shall hold a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities.  
In February 2021, the Bank of Spain formally reported on the MREL to be achieved by ABANCA on a 
consolidated basis, which was established by the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB"). In this decision, a binding 
intermediate MREL requirement of 14.77% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount ("TREA") and of 5.25% of the 
Leverage Ratio Exposure ("LRE") have been set, which must be fulfilled on 1 January 2022. The final MREL 
requirement, which ABANCA must meet no later than 1 January 2024, stands at 17.93% of TREA and at 5.25% 
of LRE. These ratios (both intermediate and final requirements) do not include the capital allocated to cover the 
Combined Buffer Requirement (2.5% TREA). The decision of MREL is aligned with the ABANCA's forecasts 
and the financing plan included in its strategic plan. As of 31 December 2020 ABANCA's MREL (not including 
the capital allocated to cover the Combined Buffer Requirement) represented 15.48% of the TREA and a 8.18% 
of the LRE.  
As also described in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers — Capital, 
liquidity and funding requirements — Leverage Ratio", the EU Banking Reforms (as defined in "Capital, Liquidity 
and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers — Capital, liquidity and funding requirements") contain 
a binding 3% Tier 1 Leverage Ratio ("LR") requirement, that has been added to the own funds requirements and 
which institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements. As of 31 December 2020 the Bank's 
phased-in LR was 6.3% and its fully-loaded LR was 6.1%, as of that date the ABANCA Group phased-in LR 
was 6.6% and its fully-loaded LR was 6.4%. 
As described in the section "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers", failure 
by the Bank or the ABANCA Group to comply with certain of the existing regulatory requirements could result 
in the imposition of administrative actions or sanctions, such as prohibitions or restrictions on making 
"discretionary payments" (which includes distributions relating Additional Tier 1 capital instruments), further 
"Pillar 2" requirements or the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, resolution measures by resolution 
authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms ("Law 11/2015"), which, together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing 
Law 11/2015 ("Royal Decree 1012/2015") have implemented BRRD into Spanish law, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future and, since, as explained in "Capital, Liquidity and 
Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers" the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the "CRD V Directive") 
and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 (as 
amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, "BRRD II") have been recently partially implement into 
Spanish law by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April, amending Law 11/2015 ("RDL 7/2021"), it is uncertain 
how will such implementation and application will affect the ABANCA Group.  
The ABANCA Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims  
The members of the ABANCA Group are, and in the future may be, involved in various claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and governmental investigations (please see "Description of ABANCA — Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings"). The outcome of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations is inherently 
difficult to predict, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases 
present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the early stages of discovery, and, therefore, 
ABANCA cannot state with confidence what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or what the eventual 
loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter may be or if the reserves accounted will be sufficient. 
The ABANCA Group is involved in proceedings related to mortgage "floor clauses" (in connection with which 
the provisions of ABANCA Group amounted to €4.79 million as of 31 December 2020 (€8.73 million as of 31 
December 2019) (ABANCA does not expect to receive new claims for a relevant aggregate amount in connection 
with mortgage "floor clauses" as this type of clauses have not been included in the ABANCA Group agreements 
since 2011)), proceedings related to the arrangement of interest rate hedges tied to mortgage loans granted to 
families and self-employed persons (in connection with which the provisions of ABANCA Group amounted

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
to €0.73 million as of 31 December 2020 (€0.86 million as of 31 December 2019)), proceedings related to the 
management of hybrid equity instruments and subordinated debt (in connection with which the provisions of 
ABANCA Group amounted to €2.95 million as of 31 December 2020 (€3.52 million as of 31 December 2019) 
(ABANCA does not expect to receive new claims for a relevant aggregate amount in connection with this matter)) 
and proceedings related to payment of stamp duty in mortgage loans (the provisions set aside by the ABANCA 
Group in connection with the potential requirement to pay the stamp duty in relation to mortgage loans notarised 
prior to 10 November 2018 are included, together with provisions for other matters, in a provision for loan 
execution expenses that as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €2.59 million (€2.23 million as of 31 
December 2019)). In addition, as of 31 December 2020 the ABANCA Group had provisions amounting to €21.7 
million to cover commitments with third parties in connection with its activity (€121.8 million as of 31 
December 2019). No new provisions relating to new legal proceedings have been required in the year ended 31 
December 2020 nor in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Legal claims and proceedings may expose the ABANCA Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs or 
financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licenses or authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the 
potential regulatory restrictions on the ABANCA Group's businesses, all of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the ABANCA Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
RISK FACTORS OF THE SECURITIES 
Risks related to Securities generally 
Credit risk 
Credit risk refers to the risk of economic losses being generated by a payment default of the counterparty in a 
financial operation. In this particular case, such credit risk would consist of the Issuer not paying principal and/or 
interest on the Securities on their respective due dates. Moreover, the lower the ranking of a Security, the greater 
the credit risk to which it is exposed. 
The Notes will not benefit from any guarantee other than the one provided by the general asset solvency of the 
Issuer. 
In accordance with the provisions of Law 2/1981, of 25 March, on the regulation of the mortgage market 
(Ley 2/1981, de 24 de abril, de regulación del mercado hipotecario y otras normas del Sistema hipotecario y 
financiero) ("Law 2/1981") and of Royal Decree 716/2009, of 24 April, which implements certain aspects of 
Law 2/1981 (Real Decreto 716/2009, de 24 de abril, por el que se desarrollan determinados aspectos de la 
Ley 2/1981) ("Royal Decree 716/2009") and without prejudice to the universal liability of the Issuer, all cédulas 
hipotecarias issued by the Issuer from time to time (including any Covered Bonds) are secured by a statutory 
mortgage over all mortgages which are at any time registered for the benefit of the Issuer, except those affected 
to bonos hipotecarios or which are the object of participaciones hipotecarias or certificados de transmisión de 
hipoteca (the "Cover Pool") and, if they exist, by the substitute assets (activos de sustitución) listed in article 17.2 
of Law 2/1981 and by the economic flows generated by the derivative financial instruments linked to each issue, 
in accordance with the provisions of Law 2/1981 and of Royal Decree 716/2009. However, the Cover Pool may 
not be sufficient to fulfil the Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bonds issued (see "There is no assurance that 
the Cover Pool will generate sufficient proceeds to make all interest and principal payments on the Covered Bonds 
in the event of an insolvency of the Issuer. In addition, the Cover Pool is a dynamic pool of assets whose 
composition may change. However, no assets are earmarked or segregated for a specific series of cédulas 
hipotecarias or holders of cédulas hipotecarias "). The Covered Bonds will not benefit from any guarantee other 
than the one described in this paragraph and the general asset solvency of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Securities will not benefit from the protection granted by the Spanish Deposit Guarantee Fund 
(Fondo de Garantía de Depósitos). 
The Securities may have a negative yield 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may have a negative yield, depending on the issue or acquisition 
price and the redemption or disposal price, as well as the periodic coupons they pay, and, consequently, investors 
could lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Securities at its option, this may limit the market value of the Securities 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
Any optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Securities. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood 
that the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period 
if the market believes that the relevant Securities may become eligible for redemption in the near term. 
The optional redemption features that may be embedded in the terms and conditions of the Securities include:  
• 
Redemption of Notes due to a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption due to a Tax Event) of 
the Conditions of the Notes. Tax Event means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Kingdom of Spain, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and that results in (a) the Issuer not being entitled to claim 
a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in the Kingdom of Spain in respect of any payments of 
interest in respect of the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer being materially reduced; or 
(b) the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the 
Conditions of the Notes; or (c) the applicable tax treatment of the Notes being materially affected, and, 
in each case, cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
• 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes due to a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
due to a Capital Event) of the Conditions of the Notes. Capital Event means a change (or any pending 
change which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Notes and that results (or would be 
likely to result) in (a) the exclusion of that all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the ABANCA Group (in each case, to the 
extent required by Applicable Banking Regulations); or (b) the reclassification of all or part of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of own funds of 
the Issuer or the ABANCA Group, in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations (in each case, 
to the extent required by Applicable Banking Regulations). 
• 
Redemption of the Notes due to an Eligible Liabilities Event pursuant to Condition 9(d) (Redemption 
due to an Eligible Liabilities Event) of the Conditions of the Notes. Eligible Liabilities Event means, that, 
subject to certain exceptions that depend on the type of Notes, all or part of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the relevant Notes do not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments, as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, or to 
comply with MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, of the Issuer 
and/or the ABANCA Group. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five 
years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
• 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds due to legal reasons pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Redemption due to 
legal reasons) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. If the issuance limit of cédulas hipotecarias 
(including any Covered Bonds) (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 80% of the amount of the 
outstanding principal of the mortgage loans and credits in the Issuer's portfolio which meet the 
requirements laid down in Section II of Law 2/1981 excluding any mortgage loans and credits serving 
as collateral of bonos hipotecarios or which are the object of participaciones hipotecarias) is exceeded 
for any reason, the amount of cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) exceeding the

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
issuance limit must be reduced by the Issuer within four months by undertaking any of the actions 
described in article 25 of Royal Decree 716/2009. As a result, the Issuer may elect to redeem cédulas 
hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) up to the amount in excess in accordance with Spanish 
legislation by decreasing the Outstanding Principal Amount (as defined in the Conditions) of all the 
outstanding cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) in the proportion which the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of each issuance of cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) 
to be redeemed on the relevant redemption date bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
all cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds). 
As of 31 December 2020, the nominal value of outstanding mortgage portfolio of the Cover Pool of the 
Issuer amounted to €15,511 million and the nominal value of outstanding mortgage loans and credits of 
the Issuer which meet the eligibility criteria set forth in section II of Law 2/1981 and in Royal 
Decree 716/2009 amounted to €10,389 million. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not 
issued any bonos hipotecarios and the amount of cédulas hipotecarias issued by the Issuer and 
outstanding amounts to €3,400 million and therefore do not exceed the issue limit of 80% of the amount 
of the outstanding principal of the mortgage portfolio of the Cover Pool which meet the eligibility criteria 
set forth in section II of Law 2/1981 and in Royal Decree 716/2009. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Securities the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Securities 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option on certain dates, the Issuer may redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Securities (redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer 
may only take place after five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations). At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are intended to be Tier 2 Instruments under the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
to qualify to comply with MREL Requirements in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes)) and Senior 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be Eligible 
Liabilities under the Applicable Banking Regulations. However, although RDL 7/2021 is generally enforceable 
since 29 April 2021, there is uncertainty as to how amendments introduced by it will be interpreted and applied, 
and taking into account that the Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process the RDL 7/2021 as a Law, 
as to how the RDL 7/2021 provisions may change. As a result, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) Tier 2 Instruments or that they will or may qualify to 
comply with MREL Requirements and that Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain 
Ordinary Senior Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) Eligible Liabilities. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not an event entitling the Issuer to redeem Securities will occur and if so 
whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Securities or, when applicable, such 
redemption would comply with the Applicable Banking Regulations and any prior permission of the Competent 
Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority if and as applicable for such redemption will be given.  
Risks relating to EURIBOR and other "benchmarks" 
The determination of the interest in respect of floating rate Securities (including fixed-to-floating Securities) and 
Reset Notes is dependent upon the EURIBOR and other rates, as specified in the Conditions, which are deemed 
to be "benchmarks". The "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform, 
including through the Benchmark Regulation. Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of 
administration of benchmarks may change with the result that they may perform differently than in the past or 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. In this respect, the Benchmark Regulation applies to "contributors", 
"administrators" and "users" of "benchmarks" in the EU, and, among other things imposes certain obligations and 
requirements (including an authorisation requirement for benchmark administrators and other extensive 
requirements and obligations, or a prevention by certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised/registered, deemed equivalent, recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
In addition, the Benchmark Regulation may result in a change in the methodology or other terms of the 
"benchmark", and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. Moreover, the additional 
requirements and obligations imposed by the Benchmark Regulation may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
In order to address the above described risks, if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or 
if the Independent Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, the Issuer may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate. Therefore, the 
initial "benchmark" may change and, in certain circumstances, an independent third party may not be involved in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, and of the Adjustment Spread. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or if the Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and the Issuer is unable 
or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Conditions 
shall apply. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of 
interest for Securities initially designated to be Floating Rate Securities or Reset Notes, as applicable.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and the 
involvement of an Independent Financial Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable), the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. However, 
such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce the economic prejudice to Holders or it may not be possible 
to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread (if no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the relevant rate of interest).  
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, may vary certain aspects of the Conditions, as 
necessary, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread and 
also including any other amendment to the Conditions) may still result in the Securities performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the relevant Reference Rate or the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as applicable, were to continue to apply. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Securities. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent, Independent Financial Advisors or the Determination 
Agent and Holders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any), Independent Financial Advisors 
(if eventually appointed), or, in the case of Notes, the Determination Agent (if any) (jointly, the "Third Parties") 
and Holders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Third Parties may make 
pursuant to the Conditions (for example calculation of rates of interest payable under the Securities or the 
determination of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates in case of a Benchmark Event) which may influence the 
amounts that can be received by Holders. Conflicts of interest may arise, among others, when a dealer or the Issuer 
is appointed as a Third Party (it must be noted that the Issuer will act as Calculation Agent unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Any of the Third Parties may be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary 
course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
such a Third Party is expected to, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Holders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Securities or the market price, liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed to 
be adverse to the interests of the Holders. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Securities may never be established or may be illiquid  
Securities do not have an established trading market when issued (except maybe in the case of a particular Series 
to be consolidated with another Series which is already issued), and one may never develop. Although application 
may be made for the Securities to be admitted to listing on AIAF or other or further stock exchanges or markets 
(either Spanish, European or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any 
other organised markets), there can be no assurance that the listing will be approved or that, even if approved, an 
active trading market will develop (out of the offers of securities to the public made in Spain in 2020, transactions 
executed in AIAF only represented 0.035% of the total nominal amount). If a market does develop, it may not be 
very liquid (for example, existing Tier 2 Instruments issuances of the Issuer listed on AIAF have a relative reduced 
liquidity) and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should 
the Issuer be or be perceived in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Securities that are especially sensitive to interest rate or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Securities may not meet investor expectations or requirements 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the dealers that the use of an amount equal to the whole or a 
part of the net proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities will satisfy any present or future investment 
criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
Issuer's sustainable development goals framework, once approved and published on the Issuer's website. In 
particular, no assurance can be given that eligible projects (as these will be described in the relevant Final Terms) 
will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels 
(including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the so called "EU Taxonomy"), the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commission on 21 
April 2021 (jointly, the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), or any further regulations or standards that may be 
approved or created (including, for example, any standard resulting from the Regulation on a voluntary European 
Green Bond Standard (EUGBS) proposed by the European Commission on 6 July 2021)).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any 
prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for 
the determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the 
implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the 
environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Therefore, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives, or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects. In addition, there can be 
no assurance that any eligible projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated, 
or completed within any specified schedule, period or at all, or lead to an outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
No representation or assurance is given as to the availability, suitability or reliability of any report, assessment, 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to, as at the date of issuance of the relevant Securities, apply an amount equal 
to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of any Green, Social or Sustainability Securities as described in the 
relevant Final Terms and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, there 
is no contractual obligation to do so and there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this.  
None of the events described in the paragraphs above or a failure by the Issuer to allocate (at whatever point in 
time, including any subsequent reallocation) an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of any 
Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, or a change in the allocation of any amount, or (if so anticipated) to 
report on the use of proceeds or eligible projects (as these will be described in the relevant Final Terms), or a 
failure of a third party to issue (or a withdrawal), or by the Issuer to provide or publish, a report, assessment, 
opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, or the failure of 
the Green, Social or Sustainability Securities to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels, or a disqualification of an eligible project from "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels, or if the performance of the eligible assets is not as expected, or the fact that the maturity 
of an eligible green or social asset or project may not match the minimum duration of the relevant Green, Social 
or Sustainability Securities will (i) constitute an event of default, or (ii) constitute a breach of contract with respect 
to any of the Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such 
Securities or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption 
rights in respect of any Securities, or (iv) affect the qualification of any Notes as Tier 2 capital or as eligible 
liabilities for the purposes of MREL or to comply with MREL Requirements (if applicable); or (v) give rise to 
any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate any Securities) of a holder 
of such Green, Social or Sustainability Securities against the Issuer or to any obligation or liability of the Issuer. 
Remedies available to holders of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities are the same as those available to other 
holders of Securities.  
For the avoidance of doubt (i) Green, Social or Sustainability Securities will not, in any circumstance, accelerate 
or be subject to an early redemption right due to the "green", "sustainable" or "social" nature of the Securities, 
(ii) holders of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities will not be able exercise any right, and the Securities will 
not be subject to any acceleration or early redemption right, due to a failure by the Issuer to comply with any 
"green", "sustainable" or "social" target, and (iii) payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the 
relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Securities shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project or 
on compliance with general "green", "sustainable" or "social" targets at Issuer level, nor have any preferred right 
against such assets.  
Finally, Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Notes (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) will be 
subject to the bail-in tool and to write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be 
exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note 
which is not a Green, Social or Sustainability Note. 
Likewise, Green, Social and Sustainability Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover 
all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" label and regardless 
of whether the losses stem from "green", "social" or "sustainable" assets. There will be no arrangement that will 
enhance the performance of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes. Additionally, their labelling as Green, Social

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
or Sustainability Notes (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible 
liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be Eligible Liabilities; and (ii) will not have any impact on 
their status as indicated in Condition 4 of the Conditions of the Notes. 
A failure of the Green, Social or Sustainability Securities to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for eligible 
projects (as described in the relevant Final Terms), the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party report, 
assessment, opinion or certification, the Securities ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or (if so anticipated) the failure by the Issuer to report on the use 
of proceeds or eligible projects (as described in the relevant Final Terms) as anticipated, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Securities as a result of 
the Securities not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Risks applicable to the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 or the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the holders 
of the Notes under, and the value of, any Notes 
As discussed in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers—Loss absorbing 
powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation", any Notes issued 
under this Base Prospectus may be subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined therein) and in general to the 
powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined therein) under Law 11/2015 (and 
its development through Royal Decree 1012/2015) and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 1093/2010 (the "SRM Regulation").  
In addition, Notes qualifying as capital instruments (which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) and Notes qualifying as Eligible Liabilities may also be subject to the Non-Viability Loss Absorption (as 
defined in "Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers—Loss absorbing powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation").  
The exercise of any such powers (which may imply amounts due under such Notes being written-down (including 
to zero) or converted into equity or into other securities or obligations, or obligations being cancelled or modified) 
(or any other resolution powers and tools or even any early intervention measure before any resolution) may result 
in holders of Notes losing some or all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under the Notes adversely 
affected and not only the exercise but also any suggestion that such exercise may happen, could materially 
adversely affect the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability of the Bank to 
satisfy its obligations under any Notes. The Spanish Bail-in Power and Non-Viability Loss Absorption may also 
be exercised in such manner as to result in Holders receiving a different security, which may be worth significantly 
less than the Notes. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities subject to the Spanish Bail-
in Power or to the Non-Viability Loss Absorption (including the Notes) and to the broader resolution powers of 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, holders of the Notes may have limited or circumscribed rights 
to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution Authority to exercise its bail-in power or other powers. In 
particular, to the extent that any resulting treatment of a holder of the Notes pursuant to the exercise of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or Non-Viability Loss Absorption is less favourable than would have been the case in normal 
insolvency proceedings, a holder of such affected Notes may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation (both of them as amended from time to time) based on an independent valuation of the 
institution, in accordance with Article 10 of Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. Any such 
compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
among any such compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is unlikely to compensate that 
holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such 
compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
may otherwise have been due under the affected Notes. In addition, in the case of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption, 
it is unclear that a holder would have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (both of 
them as amended from time to time) if any resulting treatment of such holder pursuant to the exercise of the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption was less favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency proceedings. 
The exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or any Non-Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may also be outside of the Bank's control. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an 
element of discretion, holders of the Notes may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and/or any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. 
Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any 
such power without providing any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. This uncertainty may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
Any actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to the ones granted by Law 11/2015 or the SRM 
Regulation (each of them as amended from time to time), or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution 
of institutions, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of an investment in the 
Notes and/or the Bank's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the ranking of the Notes 
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios).  
Upon insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Ordinary 
Senior Notes will (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281.1 
of the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the 
"Insolvency Law")) rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a 
privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, payment obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of principal under them will (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) pursuant to Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law) rank below credits against the insolvency estate 
(créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any 
deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) and any other ordinary claims (créditos 
ordinarios) against the Issuer, including without limitation, the Ordinary Senior Notes and other Senior Preferred 
Obligations. 
Accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of 
Holders of Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency 
procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 281 of the Insolvency Law. 
Therefore, Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's secured indebtedness, to the extent 
of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other obligations that rank senior under Spanish law. 
Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any right 
of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to 
the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Subordinated Notes 
Payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes in respect of principal constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1.2º of the 
Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other 
ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise) and upon the insolvency of 
the Issuer: (i) for so long as the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes do not constitute Tier 2 
Instruments nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer would rank as set out in Condition of the Notes 4.(b)(a); 
and (ii) for so long as the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Instruments of 
the Issuer will rank as set out in Condition of the Notes 4.(b)(b). 
For these purposes, as of the date of this Base Prospectus and according to Additional Provision 14.3 of 
Law 11/2015, the ranking of the Subordinated Notes may depend on whether those Subordinated Notes qualify at 
the relevant time as Tier 2 Instruments or constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Tier 2 
Instruments nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer (which is expected to be the case of the Senior 
Subordinated Notes). Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (as amended by RDL 7/2021), all 
claims arising from Tier 2 Instruments (which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments, even if they are only partly recognised as Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 
Instruments (as applicable), will rank behind any other subordinated claims included under article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law (including Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments, which is expected to be the 
case of the Senior Subordinated Notes) and will be paid after them. Therefore, claims arising from instruments 
being fully disqualified as own funds instruments in the future would cease to be treated as claims arising from 
own funds instruments in insolvency and might, consequently, improve their ranking vis-à-vis any claim that 
arises from an own funds instrument (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for so long as these qualify as Tier 2 
Instruments).   
If the Issuer were wound up or liquidated, the Issuer's liquidator would first apply the assets of the Issuer to satisfy 
all claims of holders of unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and other creditors ranking ahead of holders of 
Subordinated Notes. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle claims of prior ranking creditors in full, 
the claims of the holders under the Subordinated Notes may not be satisfied; and if the Issuer has sufficient assets 
would first apply the assets of the Issuer to satisfy all claims of holders of subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
not constituting Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer and other obligations that are senior to subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer constituting Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle 
claims of prior ranking creditors in full, the claims of the holders under Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer may not be satisfied. Holders of Subordinated Notes within each ranking will share 
equally in any distribution of assets with the holders of any other instrument ranking by law or by its terms, to the 
extent permitted by law, pari passu with the relevant Subordinated Notes if the Issuer does not have sufficient 
funds to make full payment to all of them. In such a situation, holders of Subordinated Notes could lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of 
Holders of Subordinated Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 281 of the Insolvency Law, which in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must be 
read in conjunction with the Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015. 
The Notes provide for limited events of default 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Conditions of the Notes do not provide for 
any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or liquidation of the Issuer (other than as permitted in Condition 12(a) (Events of Events of Default relating to 
the Notes) of the Conditions of the Notes). Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes is not made 
when due, each holder of the relevant Notes will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on their 
Notes but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Issuer have been instigated.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation and BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, 
the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution. Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption 
of any early intervention or resolution or moratorium procedure shall not itself constitute an event of default or 
entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. Any provision 
providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a 
counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default arises 
either before or after the adoption of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any 
relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. Any enforcement by a holder of 
Notes of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default following the adoption of any early 
intervention or any resolution or moratorium procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant provisions of the 
SRM Regulation and the BRRD and Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015 in relation to the exercise of the 
relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to 
above (see "The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 or the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of 
the holders of the Notes under, and the value of, any Notes"). Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default 
will consequently be limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the SRM Regulation 
and Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action 
would not adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a Holder of any rights it may 
otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default may be limited in these circumstances. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes, if the Issuer so decides by applying 
additional events of default in the relevant Notes Final Terms as permitted under Condition 12(b) (Additional 
Events of Default) of the Conditions of the Notes, each holder of the relevant Notes will have an individual 
acceleration right in case certain events occur (including failure of payment on the Notes when due and cross 
default). Consequently, only Ordinary Senior Notes for which the Issuer has selected Condition 12(b) of the 
Conditions of the Notes as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms could be accelerated by the Holders in 
case of failure of payment on the Notes when due. 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that holders of Notes waive all rights of or claims o for deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any 
Note against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result, holders of Notes will not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Substitution and variation of the Notes without Holders' consent  
Subject to Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) of the Conditions of the Notes, if a Tax Event, an Eligible 
Liabilities Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, instead of redeeming the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes and subject to compliance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations and to obtaining the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or 
Relevant Resolution Authority if and as applicable, (i) substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or 
(ii) vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the relevant Notes, so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, 
Qualifying Notes.  
While Qualifying Notes must contain terms that are not materially less favourable to holders as the original terms 
of the relevant Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the 
market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which 
the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Moreover, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the tax position of individual holders of the relevant Notes or to the tax consequences of any such substitution 
or variation for individual holders. No holder of Notes shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issuer, or any

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or 
variation upon individual holders of the Notes. 
Limitation on gross-up under Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and, if specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, under Ordinary Senior Notes  
For Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and, if specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, 
Ordinary Senior Notes, the Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges required 
by law under the Conditions of the Notes does not apply in respect of the payment of any Outstanding Principal 
Amount. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes or, if specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes may receive less 
than the full amount due under the relevant Notes upon redemption, and the market value of the relevant Notes 
may be adversely affected. Holders of Notes should note that Outstanding Principal Amount for these purposes 
will include any payments of premium. 
Risks applicable to the Covered Bonds 
There is no assurance that the Cover Pool will generate sufficient proceeds to make all interest and principal 
payments on the Covered Bonds in the event of an insolvency of the Issuer. In addition, the Cover Pool is a 
dynamic pool of assets whose composition may change. However, no assets are earmarked or segregated for a 
specific series of cédulas hipotecarias or holders of cédulas hipotecarias 
Although the Issuer has a statutory obligation to maintain a certain level of overcollateralisation ratio on an 
ongoing basis and such requirement is intended to ensure that the value of the Cover Pool will be sufficient to 
make payments of interest and principal on cédulas hipotecarias issued by the Issuer at any time, the Issuer cannot 
assure that the Cover Pool will generate sufficient proceeds to fulfil all of its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
(without prejudice to the fact that the Covered Bonds are general obligations of the Issuer) because: 
• 
interest rate on variable rate mortgage loans may decrease resulting in decreased net interest income for 
the Issuer;  
• 
the value of the properties securing the mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may decrease as the Spanish 
residential real estate market may experience an overall decline in property values; and  
• 
the rates of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures and losses on the mortgage loans may increase due to 
various factors such as the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing 
conditions, changes in tax laws, the availability of financing, inflation, political developments and 
government policies. Also, unemployment, loss of earnings, illness, divorce, personal bankruptcy and 
other similar factors may lead to an increase in the rate of delinquencies and defaults. 
The total overcollateralisation ratio of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020 was 371.5%. Please see "Risks related 
to the Securities -Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" for further information on the Cover 
Pool. 
The Cover Pool is a dynamic pool of assets whose composition may change. Therefore, the Issuer cannot assure 
that the composition of the Cover Pool at certain time in the future will resemble the current composition of the 
Cover Pool. The composition may change because: 
• 
the Issuer may grant new loans / credits; 
• 
existing loans / credits may be amortised, repaid or sold to third parties; and 
• 
the legal and regulatory regime (including in relation to cédulas hipotecarias) may change or otherwise 
impact the Cover Pool. 
Although cédulas hipotecarias are secured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and upon insolvency, the 
holders of cédulas hipotecarias have a preferential claim to the Cover Pool, no assets are earmarked or segregated

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
for a specific series of cédulas hipotecarias or holders of cédulas hipotecarias. Therefore, investors of other series 
of cédulas hipotecarias will have a same preferential claim to the Cover Pool as the holders of the Covered Bonds.  
No gross-up under the Covered Bonds 
Under the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer is not obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges required by law. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply, holders of Covered 
Bonds may receive less than the full amount due under the relevant Covered Bonds, and the market value of the 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected.  
Risk of harmonisation of the legal regime of covered bonds through the adoption of the proposal for a Directive 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the 
"Covered Bonds Directive") was published in November 2019. The Covered Bonds Directive seeks to harmonise 
national schemes establishing requirements for the issuance of covered bonds in the single market, in order to 
ensure a smooth and continuous development of well-functioning covered bond markets in the EU and to limit 
potential risks and vulnerabilities to financial stability.  
The Covered Bonds Directive is also intended to enhance investor protection by, among others, (i) requiring that 
the cover pool includes at all times a liquidity buffer composed of liquid assets available to cover the net liquidity 
outflow, or (ii) requiring EU Member States to lay down rules regulating the segregation of cover assets; which 
could be further enhanced if the options that it contains are implemented (such as the possibility of requiring 
issuers to appoint a cover pool monitor to perform ongoing monitoring of the cover pool). In addition, in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Directive, Member States could require a level of overcollateralisation higher 
than the coverage requirement provided in the Directive.  
Implementation of the Covered Bonds Directive by EU member states should take place before 8 July 2021 and 
the relevant provisions should apply at least from 8 July 2022. In the Kingdom of Spain, the Covered Bonds 
Directive is still in process of being implemented (a draft bill on covered bonds is open to hearing and public 
information until 16 July 2021) and, consequently, as at the date of this Base Prospectus it remains uncertain how 
the Covered Bonds Directive is going to be implemented in the Kingdom of Spain and, therefore, the impact that 
it will have – once implemented and in force – on the Covered Bonds that may be issued under this Base 
Prospectus cannot be anticipated.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus provided however that any statement contained in any document incorporated by reference in, and 
forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such statement:  
1. 
ABANCA Group's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 Interim Financial Reporting and the 
consolidated interim director's report as of and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021, together 
with the limited review report of KPMG Auditores, S.L., available at ABANCA's website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-2021-1t-es.pdf) 
(together, the "2021 Consolidated First Quarter Interim Financial Statements"). 
The 2021 Consolidated First Quarter Interim Financial Statements were published by ABANCA as an 
announcement of material information (anuncio de información relevante) (registry number: 9,143) on 4 
May 2021, which is available at the CNMV's website. 
2. 
ABANCA Group's audited consolidated annual accounts prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and the 
directors' report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, together with the audit report of KPMG 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
ABANCA's 
website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-4t-2020-es.pdf) 
(together, the "2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"). 
The 2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts were published by ABANCA as an announcement of 
material information (anuncio de información relevante) (registry number: 8,258) on 29 March 2021, 
which is available at the CNMV's website. 
3. 
ABANCA Group's audited consolidated annual accounts prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and the 
directors' report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019, together with the audit report of KPMG 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
ABANCA's 
website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-2019-es.pdf) 
(together, the "2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"). 
The 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts were published by ABANCA as an announcement of 
material information (anuncio de información relevante) (registry number: 1,027) on 17 March 2020, 
which is available at the CNMV's website. 
4. 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (Cédulas Hipotecarias) set out on pages 103 to 122 of 
the base prospectus of ABANCA dated 26 May 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (Cédulas Hipotecarias)", available at ABANCA's website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/prospectus-may-2020-es.pdf) (the "2020 
Covered Bonds Conditions"). The remaining pages of the base prospectus of ABANCA dated 26 
May 2020 relating to the Programme are either not relevant for the investor or superseded by information 
covered in this Base Prospectus. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is only as of the date of such document, and the incorporation 
by reference of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
ABANCA or the ABANCA Group, as the case may be, since the date thereof or that the information contained 
therein is current as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Any documents themselves contained in or incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
English translations 
English translations of the 2021 Consolidated First Quarter Interim Financial Statements, of the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts and of the 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts are available at 
ABANCA's website (https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-2021-
1t-en.pdf, 
https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-4t-2020-en.pdf 
and https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/files/documents/cuentas-consolidadas-2019-en.pdf). 
The referred English translations are for information purposes only. In the event of a discrepancy, the original 
Spanish-language versions prevail.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will be completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up 
to €4,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes") and covered bonds 
(cédulas hipotecarias). 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Fixed to Floating Notes, 
Floating to Fixed Notes or Fixed to Reset Notes. 
(b) 
Notes Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms (the "Notes Final Terms") which supplements these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions of the Notes"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Notes Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Notes Final Terms, the relevant Notes Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Notes will 
be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes governed by English law have the benefit of an English law-
governed Deed of Covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer on or around 
the date of this Base Prospectus. In the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer has covenanted in favour 
of each Holder (as defined below) of Notes governed by English law that it will duly perform 
and comply with the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in these Conditions of the Notes. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Notes to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Notes Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Notes Final Terms 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/es/inversores/general/#programas-de-emision). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Notes the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"ABANCA Group" means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means any contractually subordinated obligation (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer constituting an Additional Tier 1 instrument (instrumento de capital 
de nivel 1 adicional) in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and as referred to in 
Additional Provision 14.3.3º of Law 11/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial 
Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in customary 
market usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(c) (if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the 
Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(d) (if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Bank, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial 
manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event 
one has been appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to 
the objective, so far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"AIAF" means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the relevant 
currency; 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 11 
(Taxation). References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority relating to capital adequacy, 
resolution and/or solvency then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group) (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to the MREL, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group) (in all cases, as 
amended from time to time); 
"Authorised Signatory" means any authorised officer of the Issuer; 
"Bail-in Dispute" has the meaning given in Condition 21(a)(iv) (Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction — Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England); 
"Bank's Certificate" means a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
stating that, in the opinion of the Issuer, (i) the changes determined pursuant to a substitution or 
variation of the Notes under Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the 
Qualifying Notes having terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of 
the Notes the subject of substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and 
conditions of the Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes subject of 
substitution and variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, 
comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the ABANCA Group, in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the 
case of a Tax Event, to cure the relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of an Eligible Liabilities 
Event, (x) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of 
the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group; (y) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, comply 
with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the 
Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group; (z) in the case of Subordinated Notes, comply with the then 
current MREL Requirements, in each case in accordance with the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 consecutive Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; 
(b) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that it has ceased, or will, by a 
specified future date, cease, publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable) permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable)); or 
(c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), that such relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has been 
or will, by a specified future date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable)); or

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
(d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case within 
a specified future date; or 
(e) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is or will be by a specified future date no longer representative of 
an underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined 
by such supervisor); or 
(f) it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful 
for the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder 
using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the "specified future date" in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future 
date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer, shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May, establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by BRRD II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time, as implemented into Spanish law, and including any 
relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Business Day" means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions 
shall have the following meanings: 
(a) "Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(b) "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) "Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) "FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(e) "No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority 
considers sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes and that results (or would be likely to result) in: 
(a) the exclusion of that all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the ABANCA Group (in 
each case, to the extent required by Applicable Banking Regulations); or 
(b) the reclassification of all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer or the ABANCA 
Group, in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations (in each case, to the 
extent required by Applicable Banking Regulations); 
"Certificate" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
"Chairperson" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 16(d) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver – Chairman);

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"CNMV" means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
"Code" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Payments – Payments subject to fiscal laws); 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank or the Bank of Spain, as applicable, 
or such other or successor authority having primary bank supervisory authority with respect to 
prudential oversight and supervision in relation to the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, as 
applicable; 
"CRD IV" means any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time);  
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by CRD V Directive and as 
further amended or replaced from time to time, as implemented into Spanish law, and including 
any relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which 
are applicable to the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, as applicable, including, without 
limitation, Law 10/2014, as amended from time to time, Royal Decree 84/2015, as amended from 
time to time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines implementing CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by CRR II and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Notes or the relevant Notes Final Terms and: 
(a) if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(b) if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where:

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means the agent specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
the party responsible for agreeing with the Issuer the Reset Reference Bond for Reset Notes; 
"Dispute" has the meaning given in Condition 21(a)(ii) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction — 
English courts);

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Notes Final Terms; 
"Eligible Liabilities" means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in 
Applicable MREL Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes; 
"Eligible Liabilities Event" means: 
(a) in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, that 
all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes will not at any time prior 
to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of 
the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL-
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining 
maturity where the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations applicable in Spain) 
as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority for such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; 
or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible 
Liabilities within prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) (or any other regulations applicable in Spain);  
(b) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, that all or part of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the ABANCA 
Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining 
maturity where the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations applicable in Spain) 
as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(c) in respect of Subordinated Notes, that all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify to comply 
with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, except where the 
non-qualification is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining 
maturity where the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt,

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations applicable in Spain) 
as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to include where such non-
qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments, as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments or to comply with MREL Requirements, as applicable, arises as a result 
of (a) any Spanish legislation implementing or giving effect to the EU Banking Reforms differing 
in any respect from the form of the EU Banking Reforms as adopted (including if the EU Banking 
Reforms are not implemented in full in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official interpretation 
or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented in the 
Kingdom of Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal 
or authority) differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have 
been reflected in these Conditions of the Notes; 
"Eligible Persons" means those Holders or persons (being duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Holders) that are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Holders, 
for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of 
Notes held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
"EU Banking Reforms" means the CRD V Directive, the BRRD II, the CRR II and the SRM 
Regulation II; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 16 (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver);  
"FATCA" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Payments – Payments subject to fiscal 
laws); 
"FATCA Witholding Tax" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Payments – Payments 
subject to fiscal laws); 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption;

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
First Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
"Green, Social or Sustainability Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) (Events of 
Default — Green, Social or Sustainability Notes); 
"Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure" has the meaning given in 
Condition 12(c) (Events of Default — Green, Social or Sustainability Notes); 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —
Title and Transfer); 
"IA Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"Iberclear" means the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación 
y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal; 
"Iberclear Members" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided under Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) 
and the substitution and variation of Notes (as provided under Condition 14 (Substitution and 
Variation)); 
"Independent Financial Adviser Certificate" means a certificate signed by a representative of 
an Independent Financial Adviser stating that, in the opinion of such Independent Financial 
Adviser, (i) the changes determined by the Issuer pursuant to a substitution or variation of the 
Notes under Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the Qualifying Notes having 
terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of substitution and 
variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the 
then current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
ABANCA Group, in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a 
Tax Event, to cure the relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of an Eligible Liabilities Event, 
(x) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, comply 
with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of the Issuer 
and/or the ABANCA Group; (y) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, comply with the then 
current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or 
the ABANCA Group; (z) in the case of Subordinated Notes, comply with the then current MREL 
Requirements, in each case in accordance with the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Law" means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms: 
(a) as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as 
may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the 
Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by ISDA (copies 
of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or 
(b) if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; 
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Law 10/2014" means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Law 11/2015" means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
"Loss Absorbing Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 
and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) the 
SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity); 
"Margin" means: 
(a) in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms; and 
(b) in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent 
Margin(s), as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency)); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6 
(Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(a) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Notes Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Spain), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory 
technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU 
legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in the Kingdom of Spain; 
"MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument" means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the 
Applicable MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer;  
"MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instrument" means an instrument included in the 
Eligible Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the 
Applicable MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means any date so specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
"Optional Redemption Period (call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Ordinary Senior Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(a) (Status — Status of the Senior 
Notes); 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than those Notes (a) 
that have been redeemed; (b) that have been purchased (or acquired) and cancelled; (c) that have 
been substituted and cancelled or (d) that have become void or in respect of which claims have 
prescribed, provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(a) the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Holders; and 
(b) the determination of how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 16 (Meeting of Holders; Modification and Waiver),

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as 
reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time or as adjusted as required 
by, or in application of, the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
"Proceedings" has the meaning given in Condition 21(a)(iv) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
— Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England); 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the relevant Iberclear Member 
by any Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Holder; 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer where such securities: 
(a) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes 
with any differences between their terms and conditions and these Conditions of the 
Notes being those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with 
the then current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the ABANCA Group, in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
(b) in the case of a Tax Event, to cure the relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of 
an Eligible Liabilities Event, (x) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, comply with the then current requirements for 
MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group; 
(y) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, comply with the then current 
requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer 
and/or the ABANCA Group; (z) in the case of Subordinated Notes, comply with the 
then current MREL Requirements, in each case in accordance with the Applicable 
MREL Regulations; and 
(b) subject to (i) above, shall (1) have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the 
ranking of the Notes set out in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (2) have the same 
currency, the same (or higher) Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, (3) have the same maturity date and redemption rights as for the Holders; (4) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest or other amounts 
which have not been paid; (5) are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution, and (7) not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be 
subject to (i) in the case of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities 
Event or a Tax Event; and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event 
or a Tax Event; and

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(c) are (i) listed and admitted to trading on AIAF or (ii) listed on a Recognised Stock 
Exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 4 (Status) resulting 
from any such substitution or modification shall not be subject to the condition of not being 
materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such 
Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to 
such Notes under Condition 4 (Status) on the issue date of such Notes; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant Notes Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset 
Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest, as applicable; 
"Rating Agency" means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service 
España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective 
successors; 
"Recognised Stock Exchange" means a regulated, regularly operating, recognised stock 
exchange or securities market in an OECD member state; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate;  
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to 
the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall 
not be determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead 
be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of 
any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation Agent) or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues;

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination 
Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms in respect of 
the period specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), include 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur 
subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further 
Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(c) in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but 
not limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) 
and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation 
relating to the Loss Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, 
investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"relevant Holders" has the meaning give in Condition 16(b)(i) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver - Convening meetings - Meetings convened by the Issuer); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), 
the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power from 
time to time; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) 
in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) as if the relevant Reset Date was 
an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, 
or in each case as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note that bears interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 
(Reset Notes Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, 
as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Royal Decree 84/2015" means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 
10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 
26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or 
replaced from time to time;

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
"Royal Decree 1012/2015" means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing Law 
11/2015 (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, 
de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de 
inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos 
de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" has the meaning give in Condition 4(a)(Status - Status of the 
Senior Notes); 
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any 
non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to 
under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or 
by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; 
"Senior Notes" has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the Senior Notes); 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary 
claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
"Senior Subordinated Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
"Spanish Central Registry" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended by SRM Regulation II and as further amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"SRM Regulation II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Stay Powers" has the meaning given in Condition 20 (Recognition of Stay Powers); 
"Subordinated Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
"Subsidiary" means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain and Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Spain, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and that results in: 
(a) the Issuer not being entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in 
Spain in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes or the value of such 
deduction to the Issuer being materially reduced; or  
(b) the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation); 
or 
(c) the applicable tax treatment of the Notes being materially affected, 
and, in each case, cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it;  
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any contractually subordinated obligation (créditos subordinados) 
of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1.2º of the Insolvency Law constituting a Tier 2 
instrument (instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.2º of Law 11/2015; 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); and 
"Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection with any Note. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Notes: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes;

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms, but the relevant Notes Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Notes are issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified Denomination and 
in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, 
Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly 
through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Notes through 
bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear. 
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer's commitment to 
assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the ISIN of the Notes will be stated in the Notes Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown 
in the central registry managed (the "Spanish Central Registry") by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear 
(the "Iberclear Members") as being the holder of the Notes shall be considered the holder of 
the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. In these Conditions of the Notes, the 
"Holder" of a Note means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered 
in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member accounting book and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a "Certificate") attesting to the relevant Holder's holding of the 
Notes in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the 
Holder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the 
requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member's or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear's procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder's request. 
The Notes are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Notes may be transferred and title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to 
compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Member and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be treated as the 
legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the relevant Notes for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the 
theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating 
the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes are not, and will not be, secured and are the obligations of the Issuer and not guaranteed by 
any other entity.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
The relevant Notes Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Ordinary Senior Notes ("Ordinary Senior Notes") or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
("Senior Non-Preferred Notes", together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, "Senior Notes") in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios 
no preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. It is expressly stated for the 
purposes of Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 that upon the insolvency of the Issuer, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank below any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) 
against the Issuer and accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
paid after payment of any such other ordinary (créditos ordinarios) claims of the Issuer. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, 
but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(a) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the 
Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under 
Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces 
it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(b) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in the future); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law, 
claims relating to Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and 
credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for 
the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before 
ordinary credits. Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from the 
date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Holders of Senior Notes in respect 
of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Subordinated Notes in the relevant Notes Final Terms ("Subordinated Notes", which 
may be, in turn, Senior Subordinated Notes ("Senior Subordinated Notes") or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes ("Tier 2 Subordinated Notes"), as specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer. In accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and 
Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), upon the insolvency of the Issuer the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes in respect of principal will rank: 
(a) for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes do 
not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims in respect of contractually subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) in respect of instruments qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by 
Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated 
Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect 
of contractually subordinated obligations in respect of instruments not qualifying 
as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any 
other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent 
permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu to the Issuer's obligations under the 
Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by 
law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior 
to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the 
basis that such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
ABANCA Group; 
(b) for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) in respect of instruments qualifying as 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, 
and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other claims for principal in respect 
of contractually subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) in respect of 
instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments, of the Issuer and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or 
by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the 
Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes; and

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer included under Article 281.1 of 
the Insolvency Law (including the Senior Subordinated Notes). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis 
that such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group. 
Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, all claims arising from Tier 2 Instruments 
(which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), even if they are only partly 
recognised as Tier 2 Instruments will rank behind any other subordinated claims included under 
article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and will be paid after them. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from the 
date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Holders of Subordinated Notes in 
respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of 
the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law, which in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes must read in conjunction with the Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the 
exercise of any power pursuant to Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015, the SRM Regulation 
or other applicable laws relating to recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Spain. The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject 
to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition (d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Notes Final Terms for such Notes specify 
that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half 
a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of 
interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter 
or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of 
the relevant stock exchange.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
6. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and 
on the Maturity Date and subject further as provided in Condition 10 (Payments)).  
(c) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions). 
(e) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in the circumstances 
provided for in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it to be 
notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the 
relevant Reset Date. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
(g) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent (other than in the circumstances 
described in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and   
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
(D) 
if applicable, the "Applicable Benchmark", "Fixing Day", "Fixing Time" and/or any 
other items specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms are as specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms; and 
(E) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall (other than in the 
circumstances described in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Benchmark Discontinuation

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) or Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event occurs when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or a Reference Rate (as applicable), then the following shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period 
(as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 8.(i) prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, 
then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, falling which, an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8). 
If this subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the Reset Period or to the relevant Interest 
Period (as applicable) published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceeding Reset Date 
or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) from that which 
applied to the last preceeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Margin relating 
to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), and any Subsequent Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
subparagraph (i) of this Condition 8. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the preceeding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark in relation to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 8). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the 
event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent 
Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines that 
amendments to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, the Business Days Convention, 
Business Day, the Reset Determination Date, the Reset Determination Time, the Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or the 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 8).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any changes 
pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and will be binding on the Issuer and the 
Holders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 8, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 
capital or as Eligible Liabilities or to comply with MREL Requirements, as applicable, in each case of 
the Issuer and/or the ABANCA Group, or could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority 
treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date. 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year 
from their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption due to a Tax Event: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable), 
subject to the Condition 9 to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 9(j)(Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to 
the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing. 
(c) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event: If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then if a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 9(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 calendar days' notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption due to an Eligible Liabilities Event: If the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, 
then if an Eligible Liabilities Event has occurred and is continuing, the relevant Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 9(j)(Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to 
the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only 
after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 
calendar days' nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and upon 
expiry of which the redemption shall take place) subject to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase set out in Condition 9(j)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase). 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place after 
five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Note shall be redeemed in part in 
the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the outstanding Notes to 
be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Holders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued and unpaid 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(g), the Holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms), give 
written notice to the Issuer through Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member, as applicable. 
In accordance with Article 63.(i) of CRR, the Put Option shall not be applicable to Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs 9(a) to 9(g) above. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set 
out in Condition 9(j)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase).  
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in 
accordance with Condition 9(a) (Scheduled Redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and 
give notice thereof to the Holders) and the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes, only if 
such redemption or purchase, as applicable, is in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and it has 
been granted the permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (in each such case, if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations)). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 9(b) (Redemption 
due a Tax Event), 9(c)(Redemption due to a Capital Event) and 9(d) (Redemption due to an 
Eligible Liabilities Event), the Issuer shall make available to the Holders at its registered office 
a certificate signed by two of its duly Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant requirement 
or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied. 
Pursuant to article 78 CRR and with respect to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, the Competent 
Authority shall grant permission for an institution to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase 
Tier 2 instruments: 
(i) 
where either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of 
such actions, exceed the requirements laid down in the CRR, the CRD IV 
Directive and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary. 
(ii) 
in the case of any such actions during the five years following the issue date of the Notes 
if: 
(a) the conditions listed in paragraphs (i)(a) or (i)(b) above are met; and  
(b) in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory 
reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(c) in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance; or 
(d) before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution and the Competent 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would 
be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(e) the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
Pursuant to article 78 CRR, and with respect to Notes qualifying as Eligible Liabilities, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority shall grant permission for an institution to call, redeem, repay or 
repurchase eligible liabilities instruments where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
eligible liabilities instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
institution; 
(b) the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that 
the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of 
such actions, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid 
down in the CRR, the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD by a margin that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, 
considers necessary;  
(c) the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own 
funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds 
requirements laid down in the CRR and in Directive 2013/36/EU for continuing 
authorisation. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on 
which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on 
the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the dealers will 
have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the 
Notes. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer is subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, "FATCA"), or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto (a "FATCA Witholding Tax").

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.  
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: All payments of interest and principal (and/or 
premium, if any) payable in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in respect 
of payments of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, principal (and/or 
premium, if any), the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such payments of interest and, if so 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any) had no such 
withholding or deduction been required.  
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any 
payment in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes s: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by reason 
of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Ordinary Senior Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to 
the appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such 
Ordinary Senior Note, of a custodian, collection agent, person or entity acting on its 
behalf or similar person in relation to such Ordinary Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Ordinary Senior Notes 
the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information 
it may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting requirements, as may 
be necessary to allow payments on such Ordinary Senior Notes to be made free and clear 
of withholding tax or deduction on account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including 
when the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly 
executed and completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and 
any implementing legislation or regulation. 
(b) 
Gross up in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: All payments of 
interest and principal (and/or premium, if any) payable in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest (but not in respect of payments of 
principal or any premium), the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in Holders 
receiving the amount of interest as they would have received had no such withholding or 
deduction been required (but no additional amounts shall be paid in respect of payments of 
principal or any premium). 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any 
payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
the Subordinated Notes by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of 
Spain other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to 
the appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, of a custodian, collection agent, 
person or entity acting on its behalf or similar person in relation to such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has 
not received such information it may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax 
reporting requirements, as may be necessary to allow payments on such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to be made free and clear of withholding tax or 
deduction on account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when the Issuer (or an 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and completed 
certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as 
amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
relation to any FATCA Witholding Tax. 
12. 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Events of Default relating to the Notes: 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes; or 
(ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a 
financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended and restated 
and (B) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating Agency equivalent to 
or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation) and such order is continuing, then any Note may, unless 
there has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting of Holders, by written 
notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall, when permitted by applicable 
Spanish law, become immediately due and payable without further action or formality. 
If a default occurs under this Condition 12(a), claims of Holders in respect of the Notes shall 
rank as set out under Condition 4 (Status). 
Except as set out in this Condition 12(a), Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due 
and payable any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.  
By its acquisition of any Note, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the taking by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of an early intervention measure or a resolution or moratorium 
action in respect of the Issuer under the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) shall not constitute an event of default and 
Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due and payable any amounts of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Additional Events of Default 
This Condition 12(b) applies only to Ordinary Senior Notes if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and references to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then any Holder of any Note of the 
relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare such Note and all interest then accrued 
and unpaid on such Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall, when 
permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due and payable at its Outstanding 
Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) without further action or 
formality: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 14 calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default (i) is incapable 
of remedy or (ii) being a default which is capable of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 
calendar days after the relevant Holder has after given written notice thereof to the Issuer; 
or 
(iii) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately 
due and payable at its Outstanding Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest 
(if any) without further action or formality. 
(c) 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the relevant Notes Final 
Terms are stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described therein (the 
"Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure" and the "Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes", as appropriate), no event of default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
Sustainability Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being 
obtained or published, or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and 
described in the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
13. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No Holder may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever 
arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or 
in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note) and each Holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Note but for this Condition. 
14. 
Substitution and Variation 
If a Tax Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are substituted 
for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), subject to obtaining the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority if and required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations)) and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time, and provided that the 
Issuer shall have obtained a Bank's Certificate and an Independent Financial Adviser Certificate (copies 
thereof will be available at the Issuer's registered office during its normal business hours) at least 15 
Business Days prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant Notes. 
Any notice provided in accordance with this Condition 14 shall be irrevocable, specify the relevant 
details of the manner in which such substitution or, as the case may be, variation shall take effect 
(including the date for substitution or variation) and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of 
the new conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or, as the case may be, variation will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the Holders. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority to 
take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Holder 
which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
15. 
Prescription 
(a) 
English Law: If English law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, claims for principal shall become void unless made within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date and claims for interest shall become void unless made within five 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(b) 
Spanish Law: If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within five years after the date on which the payment in question 
becomes due and payable. 
16. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 16 (Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver) will apply to all 
issuances of Notes. 
(b) 
Convening meetings 
(i) 
Meetings convened by the Issuer: The Issuer may, at any time, and shall, if so directed 
in writing by Holders holding not less than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding (the "relevant Holders"), convene a meeting of 
Holders.   
(ii) 
Meetings convened by the Holders: If the Issuer has not delivered notice convening a 
meeting of the Holders prior to the expiry of seven clear days from the date on which 
the Issuer has received written directions from the relevant Holders to do so, the relevant 
Holders may themselves convene the meeting in place of the Issuer subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 16, provided however that, in such 
circumstances all references to the performance by the Issuer of a particular obligation 
in this Condition 16, or the delivery by the Issuer of any notice in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), shall be deemed to be a reference to the performance by the 
relevant Holders of such obligation and/or the delivery of such notice. Any costs and 
expenses incurred by the relevant Holders as a result of, in connection with or related to 
the convening by them of a meeting of the Holders in such circumstances shall be for 
the account of the Issuer and shall be promptly paid by the Issuer to the account 
designated for such purpose in writing by the relevant Holders upon presentation of 
receipts, invoices or other documentary evidence of such costs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refusal or failure by the Issuer to convene a meeting 
of the Holders when so directed by the relevant Holders shall give rise to any right by 
any Holder to declare any principal amounts or interest in respect of the Notes 
immediately due and payable. 
(c) 
Procedures for convening meetings: At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place (which 
need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of 
a videoconference platform), day and hour of the meeting shall be given to the Holders in the 
manner provided in Condition 18 (Notices).  
The notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting and, where the meeting has been convened to vote on any matter 
requiring the approval of the Holders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall specify 
the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed. This notice shall include information 
as to the manner in which Holders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. 
If the meeting has been convened by the relevant Holders in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 16(b)(ii)(Convening meetings — Meetings convened by the Holders), a copy of the 
notice shall also be sent by certified post to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Chairperson: The person (who may but need not be a Holder) nominated in writing by the Issuer 
(the "Chairperson") shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is 
made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, the Holders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson. The Chairperson of an

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Quorums 
(i) 
Regular Quorum: At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 5% in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business, and no business (other than 
the choosing of a Chairperson in accordance with Condition16(d) (Chairperson)) shall 
be transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement 
of business.  
(ii) 
Extraordinary Quorum: The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% in principal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
Enhanced Quorum: At any meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
a reduction or cancellation of the principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding; or 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable or modification of the Interest Payment Dates 
or variation of the method of calculating the Rate of Interest; or 
(C) 
a modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be 
made; or 
(D) 
a modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 16(i)(iii)(F) 
below; or 
(F) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to Condition 16(f)(i) below,  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(f) 
Adjourned Meeting 
(i) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if 
convened by Holders or if the Issuer was required by Holders to convene such meeting 
pursuant to Condition 16(b)(Convening meetings), be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is not a Business Day the 
next following Business Day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting 
at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall be 
adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and 
at a place appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Issuer).

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
Otherwise, at least 7 clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the 
adjourned meeting, and otherwise given in accordance with Condition 16(c) 
(Procedures for convening meetings) shall be given to the Holders in the manner 
provided in Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice may be given at the same time as the 
notice convening the original meeting). 
(ii) 
If within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present 
for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may 
either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
(A) 
for any matter other than to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 
14 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days); or 
(B) 
for any matter requiring approval by an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 
14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days, 
and in either case to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after 
the adjourned meeting) and approved by the Issuer, and the provisions of this sentence 
shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(iii) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding so held or represented by them) shall 
(subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have 
power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all 
matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the 
proviso to Condition 16(e)(iii) (Quorums —Enhanced Quorum) the quorum shall be one 
or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less 
than one-third in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(g) 
Right to attend and vote 
(i) 
The provisions governing the manner in which Holders may attend and vote at a meeting 
of the Holders must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(ii) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend 
and speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the definition of 
"outstanding", no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be 
entitled to vote at any meeting of the Holders or join with others in requiring the 
convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 16(g)(ii) at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each 
Note. 
(h) 
Holding of meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show 
of hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
hands and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which 
he may be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present 
(whatever the principal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the 
Chairperson that a resolution has been carried by a particular majority or lost or not 
carried by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of 
the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 16(h)(ii) if at any meeting a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in 
the manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of 
the meeting at which the poll was demanded as of the date of the taking of the poll. The 
demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of 
any business other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn 
the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted 
at any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required 
quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question 
of adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(i) 
Approval of the resolutions 
(i) 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held shall be 
binding upon all the Holders whether present or not present at the meeting and whether 
or not voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly 
and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances 
justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly considered by 
the Holders shall be published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) by the Issuer 
within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
(ii) 
The expression "Extraordinary Resolution" when used in this Condition 16 means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 16 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll. 
(iii) 
A meeting of the Holders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating 
to the quorum contained in Conditions 16(e)(ii) and 16(e)(iii), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made 
between the Issuer and the Holders; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Holders against the Issuer or against any of its 
property whether these rights arise under these Conditions of the Notes or the 
Notes or otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in these 
Conditions of the Notes or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer;

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this 
Condition 16 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Holders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Holders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Holders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to agree with the Issuer or any substitute, the substitution of any entity 
in place of the Issuer (or any substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the 
Notes;  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 16(i)(i), to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 16, a resolution (other than 
an Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the 
resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes 
given on the poll. 
(v) 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of any 
amendments determined pursuant to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(j) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any 
minutes signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed 
or proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in 
them and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting to have been duly 
passed or had. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the 
day on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(iii) 
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions of the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 16 will be effected in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and conditional upon any prior approval from the Competent Authority, to the extent 
required thereunder. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Notes are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer shall 
ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement to be filed with the CNMV and to be published at the CNMV's official website at 
www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín 
de Cotización de AIAF).

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Notes are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to Holders shall 
be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
19. 
Loss absorbing power 
(a) 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 19 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case 
the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due;  
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect 
to, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Notice to Holders: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Holders 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. No failure or delay 
by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Holders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  
(d) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis, unless the 
Relevant Resolution Authority instructs otherwise. 
(e) 
Condition Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 19 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Holder.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
(f) 
No Event of Default: None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer or the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the Holders to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
20. 
Recognition of Stay Powers 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each 
Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees that it may be subject to the exercise of Stay Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to an 
obligation of the Issuer to each of the Holders and/or a right of the Issuer and the Holders, as 
applicable, under the Notes, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the suspension of any payment or delivery obligation if the Issuer is failing or likely to 
fail or under resolution; 
(ii) 
the restriction of enforcement of security interests if the Issuer is under resolution; and 
(iii) 
the temporary suspension of termination rights if the Issuer is under resolution. 
(b) 
the fact that the exercise of Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall not constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation and therefore deemed to be an enforcement event 
within the meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC or as insolvency proceedings within the meaning 
of Directive 98/26/EC implemented in Spain through Royal Decree-law 5/2005 and Law 41/1999, 
respectively and that Holders shall not be entitled to take any of the steps outlined under 
Article 68(3) Directive 2014/59/EU and any relevant implementing measures in any member 
state of the European Union against the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20, "Stay Powers" means any suspension of obligations or restriction 
of rights in accordance with Articles 33a, 69, 70 and 71 of BRRD, implemented in Spain through 
Articles 66 and 70 to 70 ter of Law 11/2015. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The governing law and jurisdiction of the Notes will be specified in Part A of the relevant Notes Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
English law: If English law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, the provisions of this Condition 21(a) shall apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing law: Save as described below, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 3 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer), Condition 4 (Status) and Condition 19 (Loss 
Absorbing Power) are governed by Spanish law. 
(ii) 
English courts: Subject to Condition 21(a)(iv) below, the courts of England have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes).

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(iv) 
Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
Condition 21(a)(ii) above, any Holder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.   
Notwithstanding the above, each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, in 
relation to any dispute arising out of or in connection with the application of any Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (a "Bail-in Dispute"). Each of 
the Issuer and any Holder in relation to a Bail-in Dispute further waives any objection 
to the Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Bail-in Dispute. 
(v) 
Service of process: The Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that the 
documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served 
in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to ABANCA 
Corporación Bancaria, S.A. Representation Office at 4th Floor Malta House, 36-38 
Piccadilly, London W1J ODP, United Kingdom. The Issuer undertakes that in the event 
of such office ceasing so to act, it shall appoint such other person with an address in 
England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may 
specify by notice in writing to the Holders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the 
right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(b) 
Spanish Law: If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, the provisions of this Condition 21(b) shall apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law. 
(ii) 
Spanish courts: The courts of the city of Madrid, Spain are to have jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes).

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")//distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Notes Final Terms dated [•] 
 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 54930056IRBXK0Q1FP96 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions of the Notes") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Notes Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/es/inversores/general/#programas-de-
emision) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Notes Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series 
and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the 
Issue Date]]. 
3.  
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4.  
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(a) Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Number of Notes: 
[•]

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
(a) Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[•] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued 
and unpaid interest from [•] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [•]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum denomination of less 
than EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[•] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[•] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [•] (for Floating Rate 
Notes)] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] / [[•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate] / 
Reset Notes / [[•]% Fixed Rate to [•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% 
Floating Rate] / [[•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate to [•]% 
Fixed Rate] / [[•]% Fixed Rate to Reset] 
 
 
(see paragraph [18/19/20] below) 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [•]/[100]% of their 
Outstanding Principal Amount. 
12.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating rate, Floating to Fixed 
rate of Fixed to Reset rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 18, 
19 or 20 below and identify there / Not Applicable] 
13.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[(See paragraph [21/22] below)] 
14.  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior Notes – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes][Subordinated Notes 
- Senior 
Subordinated 
Notes/Subordinated Notes - Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
15.  
Governing Law: 
[English / Spanish] Law 
16.  
Date 
relevant 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•]

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
17.  
Gross-up in respect of principal 
and any premium (pursuant to 
Condition 11(a)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes) (Include "Not Applicable" 
for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long 
Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)"): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
19.  
Reset Note Provisions: 
Applicable / Not applicable  
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•]% per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][•]% per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•][and [•]] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date:  
[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment date 
falling [in/on] [•] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [•]  
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] [and [•]]  
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
(xvi) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions of the Notes apply 
 
(xvii) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(xviii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(xix) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xx) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(xxii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
(xxiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
20.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR]  
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second TARGET2 Settlement Day before 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period)  
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Specify item]: 
[•]

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
• 
ISDA 
2021 
Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•]% per annum 
 
(xiiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[•] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period (call) 
[[•]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
 
(iv)  
Redemption due to a Tax 
Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 9(b)) apply 
 
(v)  
Redemption due to a 
Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 9(c)apply 
 
(vi)  
Redemption due to an 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 9(d)apply 
 
(vii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
22.  
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
23.  
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[Par / [•] per Calculation Amount] 
24.  
Early Redemption Amount of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[Par / [•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable /give details]. 
 
26.  
Additional Events of Default 
(Ordinary Senior Notes): 
[Condition 12.(b) is applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A.: 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Date:

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [AIAF / other stock exchange or market 
(either Spanish, European or non-European, including 
regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other 
organised markets)] [within 30 days following the Issue Date / 
Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under 
the CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
by the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under 
the CRA Regulation and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating 
is endorsed by a CRA which is established and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor certified 
under the CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation   
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination Agent] and those that 
may eventually payable to any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed), so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
Notwithstanding the above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial 
Adviser (should one be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination 
Agent] and any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests (including when the Issuer, 
any member of the ABANCA Group or any dealer or any member of their groups acts as Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent))]

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
4.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] 
is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus / Other (if 
reasons for the offer are different from general financial 
requirements and there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will need to be stated here) / The Notes are 
intended to be issued as [Green Notes / Social Notes / 
Sustainability Notes] (in case it is specified Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes, the eligible projects, as described 
in the Issuer's sustainable development goals framework, to 
which the net proceeds of each issue of Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes will be applied, shall be described 
and the following wording shall be inserted: 
"Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled "Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements".)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS (CÉDULAS HIPOTECARIAS) 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be completed by the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of, 
among others, up to €4,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of covered bonds (cédulas 
hipotecarias) (the "Covered Bonds") and notes. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Fixed to 
Floating Covered Bonds or Floating to Fixed Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Covered Bonds Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series 
(each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of 
Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Covered Bonds Final Terms") 
which supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Covered Bonds listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Covered Bonds to 
"Covered Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/es/inversores/general/#programas-de-emision). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser 
in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in customary market

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); or  
(c) (if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the 
Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
relevant Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) (if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Bank, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
"AIAF" means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Floating Rate 
Provisions — Benchmark Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the relevant currency; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 consecutive Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; 
(b) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will, by a specified future date, cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, 
that such relevant Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); 
or 
(d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within a specified future date; or

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
(e) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such relevant Reference Rate is or will be by a 
specified future date no longer representative of an underlying market and such 
representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(f) it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, has become unlawful 
for the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the "specified future date" in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future 
date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer, shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"Business Day" means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
(ii) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Certificate" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"CNMV" means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
"Code" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Payments); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds or the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) + [30𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1) + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"FATCA" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Payments);  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Green, Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds" has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Green, 
Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds);

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
"Green, Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds Use of Proceeds Disclosure" has the meaning given 
in Condition 10 (Green, Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds); 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —Title and 
Transfer); 
"IA Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 6(i) (Floating Rate Provisions 
—Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"Iberclear" means the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal; 
"Iberclear Members" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the discontinuation of 
benchmarks (as provided under Condition 6(i) (Floating Rate Provisions -Benchmark Discontinuation)); 
"Insolvency Law" means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such 
Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of such Series), as published by ISDA (copies of 
which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
(b) 
if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series; 
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
"Issuance Limit" means the maximum amount of cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) 
that may be issued by the Issuer from time to time. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuance Limit is 80% of the outstanding principal amount of 
the mortgage loans and credits in the issuer's portfolio which meet the requirements laid down in Section 
II of Law 2/1981 excluding any mortgage loans and credits serving affected to bonos hipotecarios or 
which are the object of participaciones hipotecarias. Such eligible loans and credits will include the 
principal of the participaciones hipotecarias acquired by the Issuer, which are in its portfolio and are 
also eligible; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Law 2/1981" means Law 2/1981, of 25 March, on the regulation of the mortgage market (Ley 2/1981, 
de 24 de abril, de regulación del mercado hipotecario y otras normas del Sistema hipotecario y 
financiero), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Covered Bonds Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means any date so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
"Optional Redemption Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the principal amount of the Covered Bond on the Issue Date 
as reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time; 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means the principal financial centre of such member state of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
The term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 6.(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark 
Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include 
any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;   
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Covered

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Bonds Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
"Royal Decree 716/2009" means Royal Decree 716/2009, of 24 April, which implements certain aspects 
of Law 2/1981 (Real Decreto 716/2009, de 24 de abril, por el que se desarrollan determinados aspectos 
de la Ley 2/1981), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Spanish Central Registry" has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
"Subsidiary" means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in accordance 
with Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of Circular 4/2017, 
of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, but the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Covered Bonds are issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-
entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified 
Denomination and in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Covered Bonds will be registered with Iberclear, 
which is the Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la 
Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds who do 
not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
may hold the Covered Bonds through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear. Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Covered 
Bonds, notwithstanding the Issuer's commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement 
of the Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the ISIN of the Covered Bonds will be stated in the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries and each person 
shown in the central registry managed (the "Spanish Central Registry") by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in 
Iberclear (the "Iberclear Members") as being the holder of the Covered Bonds shall be 
considered the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. In these 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the "Holder" of a Covered Bond means the person in whose 
name such Covered Bonds is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central Registry 
managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting book and 
when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds.  
One or more certificates (each, a "Certificate") attesting to the relevant Holder's holding of the 
Covered Bonds in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, 
where the Holder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with 
the requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member's or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear's procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder's request. 
The Covered Bonds are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, 
the Covered Bonds may be transferred and title to the Covered Bonds may pass (subject to 
Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant 
registry of each Iberclear Member and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be 
treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the relevant Covered Bonds for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest or 
any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no person will 
be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
Principal and interest due in respect of all cédulas hipotecarias issued by the Issuer from time to time 
(including Covered Bonds) are secured by a statutory mortgage over all mortgages which are at any time 
registered for the benefit of the Issuer except those affected to bonos hipotecarios or which are the object 
of participaciones hipotecarias or certificados de transmisión de hipoteca, without prejudice to the 
universal liability of the Issuer, and, if they exist, by the substitute assets (activos de sustitución) listed 
in article 17.2 of Law 2/1981 and by the economic flows generated by the derivative financial instruments 
linked to each issue, in accordance with the provisions of Law 2/1981 and of Royal Decree 716/2009.  
Pursuant to article 16 of Law 2/1981 and article 24 of Royal Decree 716/2009, the volume of cédulas 
hipotecarias issued by the Issuer and outstanding cannot not exceed 80% of the outstanding principal 
amount of the mortgage loans and credits in its portfolio which meet the requirements laid down in 
section II of Law 2/1981, excluding any mortgage loans and credits affected to bonos hipotecarios or 
which are the object of participaciones hipotecarias. Such eligible loans and credits will include the 
principal of the participaciones hipotecarias acquired by the Issuer, which are in its portfolio and are 
also eligible. 
In addition, the Covered Bonds can be covered up to 5% of their principal amount outstanding by the 
substitute assets (activos de sustitución) listed in article 17.2 of Law 2/1981, if any. 
According to article 14 of Law 2/1981, holders of cédulas hipotecarias (including Covered Bonds) shall 
be treated as creditors with special preference, ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 1923.3

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
of the Spanish Civil Code, vis-à-vis any other creditors, as regards all the mortgage loans and credits 
registered in favour of the Issuer, except for those affected to bonos hipotecarios or which are the object 
of participaciones hipotecarias or certificados de transmisión de hipoteca, and with regard to the 
substitute assets (activos de sustitución) and the economic flows generated from the derivative financial 
instruments linked to the issues, if any. All holders of cédulas hipotecarias (including Covered Bonds), 
whatever their issue date, shall have the same priority over the loans and credits that secure them, and 
over the substitute assets (activos de sustitución) and the economic flows generated by the derivative 
instruments linked to the particular issues, if any. 
In the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, holders of cédulas hipotecarias (including 
Covered Bonds) shall enjoy the special privilege established in article 270.1º of the Insolvency Law. This 
notwithstanding, during any such insolvency (concurso), in accordance with article 14 of Law 2/1981 
and article 242.10º of the Insolvency Law, any payments arising from repayment of principal and interest 
of cédulas hipotecarias (including Covered Bonds) which are outstanding as of the date of such 
insolvency (concurso) proceedings shall be treated as credits against the insolvent estate (créditos contra 
la masa) up to the amount collected by the Issuer from the mortgage loans and credits and, if they exist, 
from the substitute assets (activos de sustitución) which cover the relevant cédulas hipotecarias and from 
the economic flows generated by derivative financial instruments linked to the relevant issues.  
Pursuant to article 12 of Law 2/1981 and article 21 of Royal Decree 716/2009, the Issuer will keep a 
special accounting registry of the mortgage loans and credits which serve as collateral for cédulas 
hipotecarias (stating whether they are eligible in accordance with article 3 of Royal Decree 716/2009) 
and of the substitute assets (activos de sustitución) and the derivative financial instruments linked to each 
issue, if any. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only 
if the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Covered Bonds accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 5(d) 
shall apply to Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only where the Covered 
Bonds Final Terms for such Covered Bonds specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The relevant 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period for such 
Covered Bonds shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and, if the Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds 
only if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (C) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent (other than 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) 
will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by 
the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting 
as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
(D) 
if applicable, the "Applicable Benchmark", "Fixing Day", "Fixing Time" and/or 
any other items specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms are as 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; and  
(E) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 6(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
subparagraph (iv) below) no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Interest

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(i)). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(i) prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser 
in the event one has been appointed) may determine a Successor Rate or, falling which, 
an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 6(i)). 
If this subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the 
Reference Rate shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceeding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceeding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceeding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, subparagraph (i) of this 
Condition 6(i). 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceeding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark 
in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(i)). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
reasonable commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent 
Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that 
an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the 
Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, 
as applicable, determines (i) that amendments to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, the Business Days Convention, Business Day, the Interest Determination 
Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to 
follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)).

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
changes pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and 
will be binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Payments). The Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds will not exceed 50 
years from the Issue Date.  
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 15 calendar days' notice nor more than 60 calendar days' to the 
Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and upon expiry of which the redemption shall take place).  
(c) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with this Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Covered Bond 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on 
such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(d) 
Redemption due to legal reasons: If the Issuance Limit is exceeded for any reason, the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer up to the amount in excess over the Issuance 
Limit in accordance with Spanish legislation by decreasing the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of all cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) in the proportion which the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of each issuance of cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered 
Bonds) to be redeemed on the relevant redemption date bears to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of all cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) on such date, with 
any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 10 calendar days' notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and upon expiry of which the redemption shall take place). 
Pursuant to current Spanish law, the amount of cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered 
Bonds) exceeding the Issuance Limit must be reduced by the Issuer within four months by 
undertaking any of the actions described in article 25 of Royal Decree 716/2009. As a result, the 
Issuer may proceed to redeem cédulas hipotecarias early either (i) as described in the paragraph 
above; or (ii) by cancelling any cédulas hipotecarias (including any Covered Bonds) that the 
Issuer may hold in its portfolio, up to the amount of the excess in accordance with applicable 
legislation. 
(e) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (d) above.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
(f) 
Purchase: The Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price.  
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by 
or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2 System, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business 
Day on which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must 
rely on the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to 
receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of 
the dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof ("FATCA"), 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered 
Bond is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
No gross up: All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will be made subject to and after deduction or withholding required to be made by law for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
relation to any FATCA Witholding Tax. 
10. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds 
In the case of any Covered Bonds where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms 
are stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described therein (the "Green, Social 
or Sustainability Covered Bonds Use of Proceeds Disclosure" and the "Green, Social or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds", as appropriate), no event of default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, Social 
or Sustainability Covered Bonds arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being 
obtained or published, or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described 
in the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment in respect of Covered Bonds will become void unless made within a period of three 
years after the Relevant Date therefor.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
13. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Covered Bonds are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer 
shall ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement to be filed with the CNMV and to be published at the CNMV's official website at 
www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín 
de Cotización de AIAF). 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Covered Bonds are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to 
Holders shall be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law. 
(b) 
Spanish courts: The courts of the city of Madrid, Spain are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds).

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); AND (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor")//distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Covered Bonds Final Terms dated [•] 
 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 54930056IRBXK0Q1FP96 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
(the "Conditions of the Covered Bonds") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Covered Bonds Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of 
Covered Bonds.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 2020 Covered Bonds Conditions 
(the "Conditions of the Covered Bonds") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021. 
These Covered Bonds Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds which are set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 26 May 2020 and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This 
document constitutes the Covered Bonds Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/es/inversores/general/#programas-de-
emision) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Covered Bonds described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Covered Bonds Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
3.  
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Covered Bonds become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
on [[•]/the Issue Date]. 
4.  
Specified Currency: 
[EUR] 
 
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Number 
of 
Covered 
Bonds: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued 
and unpaid interest from [•] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [•]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[EUR] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[[•] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[•] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [•] (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds)] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[[•]% Fixed Rate to [[•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate]] 
 
 
[[[•][•] [EURIBOR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate] to [•]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16] below) 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [•]/[100]% 
of their nominal amount.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
12.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating or Floating to Fixed rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 16 and 17 below and identify 
there / Not Applicable] 
13.  
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[(See paragraph [17] below)] 
14.  
Date 
relevant 
approval 
for 
issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained: 
 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long 
Interest 
Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
16.  
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment]

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second TARGET2 Settlement Day before 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period)  
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Specify item]: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA 
2021 
Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[•] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period: 
[[•]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
of 
each Covered Bond and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18.  
Notice period for Redemption 
due to legal reasons: 
[•] 
19.  
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable /give details]. 
 
21.  
Substitute assets (activos de 
sustitución) 
or 
derivative 
financial instruments linked to 
each issue: 
[No / [details]]

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Date:

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [AIAF / 
other stock exchange or market (either Spanish, European 
or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral 
trading facilities or any other organised markets)] [with 
effect from [•] / within 30 days following the Issue Date / 
Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2.  RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Covered Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the 
EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the CRA Regulation   
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. 
3.  INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and those that may eventually payable 
to any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. Notwithstanding the 
above, [any of the] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial Adviser (should one 
be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and any Independent financial Advisor 
(if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests (including when the Issuer, any member of the ABANCA Group or any dealer or any 
member of their groups acts as Calculation Agent))]

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
4.  YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
6.  DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus / Other (if 
reasons for the offer are different from general financial 
requirements and there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will need to be stated here) / The Covered 
Bonds are intended to be issued as [Green Covered Bonds / 
Social Covered Bonds / Sustainability Covered Bonds] (in 
case it is specified Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds or Sustainability Notes, the eligible projects, as 
described in the Issuer's sustainable development goals 
framework, to which the net proceeds of each issue of Green 
Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Covered Bonds will be applied, shall be described and the 
following wording shall be inserted: 
"Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled "Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities may not meet investor expectations 
or requirements".)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be applied by the Issuer for the general financing requirements 
of the ABANCA Group. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
In particular, the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Securities may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Securities to the financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of eligible green, social or sustainable projects and/or eligible social 
projects, as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's sustainable development goals framework, 
once approved and published on the Issuer's website (such Securities being referred to as Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities). In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in the 
relevant Final Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green, Social or Sustainability Securities. 
The Issuer's sustainable development goals framework, once approved, and its related second party opinion, once 
obtained, will be available on the Issuer's website (www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com). 
Prior to any investment in Green, Social or Sustainability Securities, investors are advised to consult the Issuer's 
sustainable development goals framework, once approved and published on the Issuer's website for further 
information. Furthermore, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed " Green, 
Social or Sustainability Securities may not meet investor expectations or requirements "

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ABANCA 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENTS 
ABANCA, whose corporate name is "ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A." is a Spanish bank which conducts 
its business under the commercial name "ABANCA". 
ABANCA is registered with the Commercial Registry of A Coruña in tome 3,426 of the General Section, folio 1 
et seq, sheet C-47,803. In addition, ABANCA is registered with the Special Registry of Banks and Bankers of the 
Bank of Spain, under code number 2080. ABANCA has its corporate address at Calle Cantón Claudino Pita, no. 2, 
Betanzos 15300 A Coruña, Spain, it holds Tax Identification Number (Número de Identificación Fiscal) A-
70302039 and its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 54930056IRBXK0Q1FP96. 
The telephone number of the registered address of ABANCA is (+34) 981 18 70 00 and its corporate website is 
"www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com/" (the information on the corporate website of the Issuer does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
ABANCA was incorporated as a public limited company (sociedad anónima) subject to Spanish law and, as such, 
governed by the legal regime established in the restated text of the Spanish Companies Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). Moreover, in its 
capacity as a credit institution, ABANCA is subject to the supervision of the ECB and the Bank of Spain and the 
specific rules and regulations on credit institutions, mainly, Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on organisation, supervision 
and solvency of credit entities (the "Law 10/2014") and other supplementary and concordant legislation. 
ABANCA was incorporated in Spain on 14 September 2011 under the name "NCG Banco, S.A.", which was 
subsequently modified on 1 December 2014 to the current name, "ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A.". 
According to Article 4 of its bylaws, ABANCA has been incorporated for an indefinite period. 
History 
The following is a timeline of the most important events in ABANCA's history:  
● 
On 25 June 2014, the transfer to ABANCA Holding Financiero, S.A. ("ABANCA Holding") (a company 
that was mainly owned by Mr. Juan Carlos Escotet Rodríguez) of the shares that the Fondo de 
Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria (the "FROB") and the Deposit Guarantee Fund held in the Bank 
(which represented 88.33% of the share capital of the Bank) was completed. 
● 
In August 2014, the boards of directors of the Bank and Banco Etcheverría, S.A. approved the absorption 
of Banco Etcheverría by the Bank (the merger was registered with the Commercial Registry in 
November 2014). The activities of Banco Etcheverría, S.A. were located in the autonomous regions 
(comunidades autónomas) of Galicia, Madrid, Asturias, Castilla-La Mancha, Aragón and Canarias and 
also in the provinces of León and Valladolid. 
● 
In December 2014, the General Shareholders' Meeting of the Bank agreed to amend the Bank's name, 
thus becoming "ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A.". 
● 
In May 2017, ABANCA purchased all shares in Popular Servicios Financieros, E.F.C., S.A.U. from 
Banco Popular Español, S.A., for a total amount of €39.3 million. Popular Servicios Financieros, E.F.C., 
S.A.U. had a deep knowledge of consumer business and a historic base of prescribers focused on 
transactions with good quality in terms of payment capacity. 
● 
On 9 June 2019, ABANCA completed the acquisition of Deutsche Bank AG's private and commercial 
client banking unit in Portugal ("DB PCB"). DB PCB was a business unit specialised in retail and private 
banking services (specially focused on personal and private banking), whose business generation 
capacity with corporations was leveraged on the ABANCA Group's know-how. This acquisition also 
contributed private and personal clients to the ABANCA Group, which in turn contributes to fees 
potential.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
● 
On 10 June 2019, the annual general shareholders' meeting of ABANCA approved the absorption of 
ABANCA Holding by ABANCA (the "Merger"). The Merger was approved on 14 June 2019 by the 
annual general shareholders' meeting of ABANCA Holding and has been registered with the Commercial 
Registry in February 2020. 
● 
On 14 October 2019, ABANCA completed the acquisition of 99.8% of the shares in Banco Caixa 
Geral, S.A. ("BCG"), the former Spanish subsidiary of the Portuguese Grupo Caixa Geral de Depósitos. 
The main business segments of BCG were retail banking, private banking and corporate banking. This 
acquisition allowed the ABANCA Group to extend its commercial network (mainly in the autonomous 
region of Castilla y León) and to reinforce its presence in Extremadura and Galicia. 
 
Following that acquisition, the relevant corporate bodies of ABANCA and BCG approved the absorption 
of BCG by ABANCA (the "BCG Absorption"), this absorption was registered with the Commercial 
Registry in March 2020. 
● 
In January 2021, following the obtention of the required regulatory approvals, the ABANCA Group 
formalised the acquisition of Bankoa. This acquisition reinforces the ABANCA Group position in the 
Basque Country, strengthening the enterprises and asset management business areas, which are 
considered to be strategic for the ABANCA Group, and also providing for potential growth in other 
business lines (such as working capital, business, consumer and insurance). The acquired business 
comprises 30 branches and three corporate branches located, mainly, in Basque Country, but also in 
Navarre, La Rioja and Madrid, serving over 40,000 retail and corporate customers. 
Bankoa is expected to be absorbed by ABANCA. Once certain pending regulatory authorisations are 
obtained and the relevant merger public deed is executed and registered with the Commercial Registry, 
the absorption will be completed. 
● 
On 5 April 2021, the Novo Banco Group and the ABANCA Group agreed the sale of the Portuguese 
bank's business in Spain ("Novo Banco Spain") to the ABANCA Group. According to the financial 
information publicly available in the announcement of the acquisition, Novo Banco Spain is expected to 
contribute a business volume of €4,287 million, managed by 172 employees and a network of 102 
specialised financial agents in 10 branches located in urban areas. Following this acquisition, the 
ABANCA Group is expected to strengthen its position in the areas of personal and private banking and 
corporate banking. The acquisition is also expected to contribute to the further growth potential in other 
areas, such as insurance. This transaction implies a minimum consumption of capital (-19 basis points in 
CET1), and is expected to produce significant synergies. The transaction is subject to the appropriate 
regulatory approvals and to completion of the integration process. 
Strategic Plan 2021-2024 
The scenario that defines the competitive framework in which the Bank will operate in the coming years is 
characterised by the confluence of various conditions, to which the economic crisis derived from the COVID-19 
pandemic has been added. 
Firstly, a macroeconomic scenario marked by the crisis derived from the COVID-19 pandemic, in which there are 
still certain uncertainties regarding its pace of resolution and the final impact on the productive fabric of the 
countries. In addition to the short-term impact on economic activity and employment, the pandemic also 
accelerates the change process of the business model of financial institutions in two main areas: 
1. Customer digitalisation rates have sped up as so have banks' capabilities to digitalise their business and 
operational processes.  
2. The crisis is putting pressure on profitability of the financial sector, which, together with the greater need 
for provisions linked to the marked macroeconomic shock, is driving consolidation and capacity 
adjustment processes, as a mechanism to improve efficiency.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
The planning process starts with the definition of the Bank's vision based on the forecast of the macroeconomic 
scenario, the prospects for transformation of the financial sector, social change and customer requirements, the 
positioning of the Bank and the gaps against competitors and their internal capabilities. On the basis of a detailed 
analysis of these factors, various analytical and strategic sessions are organised, in which the Board of Directors 
of the Bank and the management of the Bank participate to define the Bank's vision and its implementation in the 
strategic priorities for the next four years.  
The 2021-2024 Plan deals with "Being a bank appreciated for our customers' experience when it comes to meeting 
their financial and insurance needs and for our commitment to society wherever we operate. A dynamic and 
innovative bank that adds value to its customers and has been transformed with an omnichannel, scalable, secure 
and efficient vision, achieving a recurring result above the cost of capital". 
To achieve this vision, five fundamental strategic lines are defined:  
• 
Increase the generation of recurring revenues: boosting the insurance business through ABANCA 
Seguros Generales becoming a reference in customer savings advisory services while focusing on 
consumer financing and means of payment (please see "Business Overview -Description of the Main 
business lines -A. Retail Banking -Specialised Business -Insurance" for further information). 
• 
Cost efficiency: optimising the omnichannel distribution model in a context of growing customer 
digitalisation, increasing the efficiency of support structures and capturing the value from the synergies 
arising from inorganic growth. 
• 
Management of those risks linked to the current environment, with a selective risk appetite framework 
that is aimed at sectors less exposed to the pandemic and those that will be reinforced with the change in 
the production model defined in Next Generation (the UE fund created in connection with the COVID-
19 pandemic). At the same time, recovery processes will be strengthened by developing a greater 
capability for anticipation, both in identifying customers with problems and in generating solutions. In 
this area of risk management, cybersecurity will be a key element, enhancing the risk culture throughout 
the company and in particular the model "Secure by design". 
• 
Exponential bank transformation: promoting digitalisation of processes and the development of new 
skills (reskilling), especially with regard to sustainability. These transformation projects will be 
implemented for years and that, in some cases, could exceed the timeframe of the 2021-2024 Plan itself. 
Some of these projects are already in an advanced stage (e.g., migration to a distributed environment, 
new digital channels, MK Automation or real time architecture, etc.) and others will be launched in the 
coming months. 
• 
Incorporations: The Bank remains open to explore opportunities in the market to the extent they allow 
generating clear synergies and efficiency improvements, complementing priority business lines of the 
bank (e.g., business with corporations, asset management, insurance, consumer) and its condition as an 
Iberian company that is capable of developing "cross border" businesses. The incorporation of Bankoa 
in 2021 and the purchase of the Novo Banco branch network in Spain meet these criteria. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
ABANCA is a private credit and savings institution that develops a business model based on retail banking 
focusing on customers. Its corporate purpose is to carry out a range of activities, transactions and services 
pertaining to the banking business in general whether directly or indirectly related to it, which are permitted by 
the legislation in force, including the provision of investment services and other ancillary services and the 
implementation of insurance mediation activities, as well as the acquisition, possession, enjoyment and sale of all 
kinds of negotiable securities.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
ABANCA prepares its accounting information differentiated by business line pursuant to the provisions of IFRS 8. 
The business lines on the basis of which the information is presented are as follows: 
A. Retail Banking: this business line constitutes the main focus of the activity of ABANCA and is aimed at 
a variety of retail customers (individuals, businesses and public administrations), who are provided with 
a range of financial and para-financial products through either the branch network or alternative 
distribution channels (internet, on-line banking, mobile banking, etc.). Within the retail banking line, 
individuals and small scale enterprises are considered strategic.  
This business line contributed 73.83% of the gross margin of the ABANCA Group for the year ended 
on 31 December 2020 (82.91% for the year ended on 31 December 2019) and 33.00% of the profit before 
tax from continuing operations of the ABANCA Group for the year ended on 31 December 2020 (71.19% 
for the year ended on 31 December 2019)19.  
B. Wholesale Banking: market activity (treasury, issues, fixed income portfolio, etc.) and management of 
the equity portfolio in which ABANCA has non-significant shareholdings. This business line also 
includes advisory activities in merger and acquisitions that consist mainly in the comprehensive 
management of external purchase and sale transactions and the entry of partners in companies from the 
Iberian market, in addition to capital increase, debt restructuring and other corporate transactions. 
This business line contributed 20.19% of the gross margin of the ABANCA Group for the year ended 
on 31 December 2020 (7.50% for the year ended on 31 December 2019) and 58.22% of the profit before 
tax from continuing operations of the ABANCA Group for the year ended on 31 December 2020 (21.33% 
for the year ended on 31 December 2019). 
C. Non-Financial Subsidiaries: portfolio of non-financial companies created with the idea of supporting the 
local manufacturing industries and of contributing to ABANCA's results. 
This business line contributed 5.97% of the gross margin of the ABANCA Group for the year ended 
on 31 December 2020 (9.59% for the year ended on 31 December 2019) and 8.78% of the profit before 
tax from continuing operations of the ABANCA Group for the year ended on 31 December 2020 (7.48% 
for the year ended on 31 December 2019). 
 
19  The contribution of the "Retail Banking" business line in the 2020 financial year has been affected by the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Its main effects have been both an increase in provisions (all Spanish entities have 
undergone an extraordinary provision accounting exercise in 2020) and an impact on credit activity (which 
has been affected by lock-down periods and restrictions on activity).

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
The following tables include a breakdown of the consolidated result before tax of the business lines of the 
ABANCA Group corresponding to the financial years 2020 and 2019: 
Financial year 2020 
SEGMENTATION 2020 (in accordance with IFRS-EU) 
Retail 
Banking 
Wholesale 
Banking 
Non-
financial 
subsidiaries 
Total 
 
(€ million) 
Net interest income 
646.13 
(28.38) 
25.21 
642.96 
Dividend income  
- 
4.99 
- 
4.99 
Share of profit or loss of equity–accounted investees 
- 
- 
(11.60) 
(11.60) 
Fee and commission income and expense 
234.19 
- 
- 
234.19 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
1.62 
235.87 
- 
237.49 
Exchange differences, net 
4.39 
5.35 
0.02 
9.77 
Other operating income and expenses 
(71.26) 
5.10 
52.31 
(13.85) 
Gross margin 
815.08 
222.93 
65.94 
1,103.95 
Personnel expenses 
(353.82) 
(10.59) 
(14.89) 
(379.30) 
Other administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation 
(262.69) 
(20.39) 
(33.95) 
(317.03) 
Provisions or reversals of provisions, and impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
(131.10) 
(63.77) 
(0.22) 
(195.09) 
Net Operating income 
67.47 
128.18 
16.88 
212.53 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint 
ventures or associates and on non-financial assets 
(21.61) 
(3.00) 
- 
(24.61) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
(0.15) 
0.56 
0.17 
0.58 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified 
as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued operations 
18.36 
(12.71) 
- 
5.66 
Profit before tax from continuing operations  
64.07 
113.04 
17.05 
194.16 
Financial year 2019 
SEGMENTATION 2019 (in accordance with IFRS-EU) 
Retail 
Banking 
Wholesale 
Banking 
Non-
financial 
subsidiaries 
Total 
 
(€ million) 
Net interest income 
616.75 
(75.40) 
33.28 
574.64 
Dividend income  
- 
12.99 
- 
12.99 
Share of profit or loss of equity–accounted investees 
- 
- 
(1.19) 
(1.19) 
Fee and commission income and expense 
205.50 
(0.04) 
- 
205.46 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
- 
121.88 
0.21 
122.09 
Exchange differences, net 
- 
4.81 
(0.03) 
4.78 
Other operating income and expenses 
(67.04) 
4.05 
55.05 
(7.94) 
Gross margin 
755.21 
68.31 
87.32 
910.84 
Personnel expenses 
(331.46) 
(10.66) 
(14.45) 
(356.56) 
Other administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation 
(252.86) 
(20.16) 
(40.54) 
(313.55) 
Provisions or reversals of provisions, and impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
(95.27) 
2.62 
(0.28) 
(92.93) 
Net Operating income 
75.62 
40.12 
32.06 
147.80 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint ventures 
or associates and on non-financial assets 
(2.84) 
60.37 
0.01 
57.54 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
(13.09) 
56.37 
0.21 
43.49 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
231.68 
- 
- 
231.68 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified as 
held for sale not qualifying as discontinued operations 
14.89 
(65.10) 
(0.10) 
(50.31) 
Profit before tax from continuing operations  
306.26 
91.76 
32.18 
430.20 
Description of the main business lines 
ABANCA develops a business model based on retail banking where its main focus is the customer, who receives 
individual and specialised attention in those cases in which their profile thus requires. The management of 
unproductive assets is another aspect for which specialised management is offered, with action policies designed 
under the premise of maximising the value of these assets. 
In addition, ABANCA also operates in the financial markets, which are a source of diversification for recurrent 
income and contribute to the optimisation of resources and risks.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
ABANCA identifies the following business lines which coincide with the breakdown reported in the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts: 
A. Retail Banking  
The business with retail customers constitutes the main focus around which the most recurring activity of 
ABANCA takes place. ABANCA's model focuses on providing all-round coverage for the financial needs of its 
customers through financial and para-financial products and services conceived and designed to include features 
which can meet their requirements and comply with the corporate values of ABANCA (responsibility, reliability, 
quality and innovation). The strategic focus of ABANCA is geographically differentiated into different areas: 
(i) Galicia, Asturias, León and Extremadura, (ii) rest of Spain, and (iii) Portugal. Please see "—Distribution 
channels" below. 
As of 31 December 2020, ABANCA had approximately 2.2 million customers, of whom 2.0 million were active 
customers. In turn, these 2.0 million active customers are divided into 1.7 million individual customers and 0.3 
million self-employed and corporate clients. 
The following table includes a breakdown of the consolidated result before tax of the ABANCA Group's "Retail 
Banking" business segment for the financial years 2020 and 2019: 
RETAIL BANKING (in accordance with IFRS-EU) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Var. 
 
(€ million) 
Net interest income 
646.13 
616.75 
4.76% 
Dividend income  
- 
- 
- 
Share of profit or loss of equity–accounted investees 
- 
- 
- 
Fee and commission income and expense 
234.19 
205.50 
13.96% 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
1.62 
- 
n.a. 
Exchange differences, net 
4.39 
- 
n.a. 
Other operating income and expenses 
(71.26) 
(67.04) 
6.29% 
Gross margin 
815.08 
755.21 
7.93% 
Personnel expenses 
(353.82) 
(331.46) 
6.74% 
Other administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation 
(262.69) 
(252.86) 
3.89% 
Provisions or reversals of provisions, and impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(131.10) 
(95.27) 
37.61% 
Net Operating income 
67.47 
75.62 
(10.78%) 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint ventures or associates 
and on non-financial assets 
(21.61) 
(2.84) 
660.61% 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
(0.15) 
(13.09) 
(98.88%) 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
- 
231.68 
(100.00%) 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
not qualifying as discontinued operations 
18.36 
14.89 
23.30% 
Profit before tax from continuing operations  
64.07 
306.26 
(79.08%) 
Customer types and segmentation 
ABANCA's commercial strategy is based on segmentation by types of customers, for the purpose of offering 
different products and services according to their needs, always following a model based on attention and a 
differentiated value proposal. These products and services are offered in a multichannel environment, increasing 
the possibilities of interrelationship between the customer and the institution. 
As shown in the figure below, the segmentation is divided into two interconnected areas so that the attention can 
be as personalised and as professional as possible.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The first area classifies the customers by their legal nature and based upon this classification more categories are 
identified. Based on these criteria, the customers can be divided in: 
• 
Individuals, which in turn are classified in (i) mass management (groups of customers with certain 
homogeneous needs which can be addressed with a more standardised approach), and other categories 
which are more adapted to specific needs; (ii) affluent; (iii) personal banking; and (iv) private banking. 
• 
Enterprises: the difference is made based on invoicing and activity, for the purpose of offering a better 
service adapted to the specific needs of each group: (i) self-employed workers, businesses and small-
scale enterprises; (ii) companies; and (iii) corporates. 
The second area identifies certain customers based on other differentiating criteria. Thus, units for specific sectors 
are created (specialised businesses) to provide services to specific collectives: 
• 
Primary sector: specialised unit serving individuals and legal entities related to agricultural and livestock 
activities, and another unit serving maritime and fishing activities. 
• 
Insurance: this unit provides insurance solutions to all types of customers in the insurance business. 
• 
Consumer finance: this unit provides solutions to the consumer sector, requested both by end consumers 
(purchase deferral, point of sale financing, etc.) and by businesses. 
• 
Institutional: this unit deals with public sector needs. 
• 
International: this unit develops the strategy of complementary international presence in geographic 
areas which have links with the "natural market" of ABANCA. Please see "Principal markets" below. 
1. 
Specialisation by legal nature 
Individuals 
Individual customers constitute the main segment of ABANCA, since they represented 85% of its total active 
customers and 45% of the financing granted to customers as of 31 December 2020. Within this total, as of 31 
December 2020, €14.2 billion have been allocated to the acquisition of homes. 
Among the main products and services of ABANCA are the following: 
• 
Financing: this includes the granting of mortgages, personal loans and consumer financing, products that 
provide different alternatives designed to adapt themselves to the payment capacity and preferences of

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
the customers as regards payment periods, repayment methods, etc. In addition, ABANCA complements 
this offer with other products such as guarantees, letters of credit or means of payment. 
• 
Savings: the products offered include, inter alia, term deposits, savings books, current accounts, 
investment funds in their different modalities, insurance, pension schemes and fixed- and variable-yield 
securities. 
• 
Insurance: ABANCA provides a wide variety of insurance products that are aimed at covering all types 
of customer needs (e.g., auto, home, business, accident or savings, among others). 
• 
Other services: direct deposits, means of payment, brokerage of securities and normal operations through 
different types of channels of remote service channels. 
ABANCA operates a segmented and differentiated commercial management depending on the financial capacity 
of each customer: mass management, personal banking and private banking: 
• 
Mass management: this unit serves those customers whose monthly income is lower than €1,500. It is 
the unit with the broadest base of customers, who are "characterised" to be served by one of the members 
of the office staff (directors, assistant directors, specialised managers or managers) following criteria of 
added value. The specialised members of the "Mass management" unit also provide services adapted to 
the needs of those customers with the higher number of products or services contracted with the 
ABANCA Group. 
• 
Affluent: this unit serves customers with a regular monthly income between €1,500 and €3,000, having 
also an additional relationship with ABANCA (formalised mortgage greater than €75,000, and/or 
average monthly balance of savings products equal to or greater than €20,000 and/or other valued 
relationships referring to off-balance-sheet resources, assurance or payment methods). These customers 
deal with specialist managers who provide an improved financial relationship. After the acquisition of 
DB PCB, ABANCA took advantage of the strong positioning in value-added products and experience 
that DB PCB had with this type of customer to export these best practices to the management of the total 
client portfolio. 
• 
Personal banking: this unit serves customers whose net worth is between €100,000 and €500,000 and/or 
whose monthly income is higher than €3,000, and who therefore have a great interest in purchasing 
products which are an alternative to the fixed term and request more differentiated and personalised 
services. As of 31 December 2020, this segment represented 9% of the total number of active customers, 
and it is one of the main pillars of growth for the Individuals segment which ABANCA is boosting with 
the greatest intensity. 
In this endeavour, the managers and advisors of personal banking have become specialised and have 
obtained the European investment product certificates "European Investment Practitioner" (EIP) and 
"European Financial Advisor" (EFA), respectively, on financial markets, investment and savings 
products, taxation, regulations and standards, as well as financial planning and advice, accredited by the 
European Financial Planning Association (EFPA). Portfolio delegated management service is 
incorporated into the team. 
• 
Private banking: this unit is focused on serving those customers whose balance is above €500,000 
through management with a more specific degree of personalisation, tailored to each customer. As of 31 
December 2020, this segment had more than 8,500 customers. 
The team of professionals who form the private banking unit include both senior advisers and the asset 
planner. Portfolio delegated management service is incorporated into the team. ABANCA's team of 
advisers and asset planners are qualified in different subjects related to financial advice and asset 
management, accredited by means of certifications recognised at a European level, such as the 
aforementioned EFA.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
ABANCA offers a catalogue of products and services such as tailor-made structures, open fund architecture, 
integrated advice and information, incorporating advanced management tools such as the Openfinance suite. 
Enterprises 
The service for enterprises holds another pillar in the activity of ABANCA, upon which one of the main focuses 
of development for ABANCA hinges on SMEs and the self-employed. As of 31 December 2020, the ABANCA 
Group had a customer base of more than 310,000 enterprises and freelancers who are served by specialised 
managers assigned according to their needs. The breakdown of the lending portfolio of the ABANCA Group is 
well diversified in different business sectors, including manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade or transport and 
storage. 
Among the range of products and services aimed at by this segment, the following should be noted: 
• 
Financing: 
− 
Working capital: ABANCA provides companies with the necessary liquidity for their daily activity 
with traditional products such as discounts, advance payments or credit accounts, which are 
complemented by specific solutions such as confirming or factoring. 
− 
Other purposes: ABANCA provides everyday products such as guarantees, overdrafts, leasing, 
renting, risk coverage products, etc., or specific solutions for foreign trade operations. The latter 
include Comex advice, import-export financing, accounts in foreign currencies, payment risk 
coverage and the delivery of goods and international transfers, among other things. 
• 
Cash saving-management: company solutions include particular products such as "cash pooling", current 
and savings accounts, and joint promotion deposits or pension schemes, in addition to the everyday 
solutions offered to individuals. 
• 
Other products and services: including insurance, e-commerce, different advice lines on commercial 
reports, public aid and subsidies, public tenders and bidding, specific electronic banking services for 
legal persons, etc. As of 31 December 2020, more than 200,000 enterprises used the electronic banking 
services rendered by the ABANCA Group. 
Helping clients address their needs requires a high degree of technical and customer knowledge. The needs of 
enterprises often require bespoke financial solutions. In order to provide a more personalised service to such 
financial institutions, the ABANCA Group has units focused on managing specific enterprise segments: 
− 
Small Business Unit: this unit is intended for micro-businesses (turnover below €2 million annually), 
small shops and freelancers (micropymes, comercios y autónomos). It defines itself as one of the main 
businesses on which ABANCA bases its growth objectives. As of 31 December 2020, this segment 
represented 9% of the total number of active customers of ABANCA. 
The structure of this unit comprises managers with a certain profile and specific training who are joined 
by branch assistant directors who also manage part of this segment focused on the acquisition business 
(PST), point of sale financing, working capital and insurance, apart from the revitalisation of the 
commercial credit activity of these sectors. 
− 
Companies & SMEs Unit: this unit is intended to serve medium-sized enterprises. Its purpose is to serve 
SMEs (annual turnover between €2 million and €10 million) and companies whose annual turnover is 
between €10 million and €100 million, providing products and services to cover all their banking needs. 
The unit provides support to its customers through "SMEs managers" and "company managers", located 
both in universal branches and business centres, and receives the commercial support from the directors 
thereof.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
− 
Corporate Banking Unit: this unit serves those companies which define themselves as large-scale 
enterprises. Its aim is to serve large Spanish business groups (turnover of more than €100 million per 
year) in order to form part of their financing needs and provide them with integrated coverage. The 
managers of this area provide support to a large number of the main economic groups in Spanish territory. 
Drawing on the know-how of the team, it also provides "tailored" financing structures, in specialised formats 
(syndicated loans, project finance, tax lease, leveraged buyouts of top-level securities, etc.), being active both in 
the origin and in purchases of the syndicated loan secondary market and the search for international opportunities, 
mainly in dollars. 
2. 
Specialised Businesses 
In addition to the area described above, the ABANCA Group also segments its business in another interconnected 
specialised area for the following sectors: 
Primary sector  
ABANCA Mar and ABANCA Agro are examples of specialisation in the service for professionals, enterprises, 
co-operatives and other primary sector agents, embracing the entire value chain of the agriculture and livestock, 
wine, fishery and farming sectors. 
ABANCA Mar provides its services to the maritime and fishery sector through a network of 102 branches as of 31 
December 2020. It has a team of professionals with financial solutions (products and services) adapted to the 
characteristics and needs of the fishery sector and ancillary industry. 
ABANCA Agro provides its services and support through a range of products designed for this collective 
(financial support for those affected by fires, aid for dairy farmers, etc.). This service is provided through 249 
branches as of 31 December 2020 where managers are specialised in this sector work. 
Insurance 
This unit is of key importance as a generator of recurring results, while allowing ABANCA to diversify the sources 
of income generation. 
ABANCA's "insurance" business unit has a structure divided in three lines: (i) "ABANCA Vida y Pensiones" to 
develop a wide range of life products (risk and savings), (ii) a general insurance line, where the joint venture with 
Crédit Agricole is expected to provide a wide and innovative product offer; and (iii) a brokerage line to meet the 
needs of those customers who demand more customized products due to their specific characteristics (complexity 
of risks, volume of coverage, etc.). 
This efficient structure has been created following a relaunching process that redefined the organisational structure 
of the insurance business and pension schemes. This relaunching process was possible thanks to a series of 
purchases and mergers, which have enabled ABANCA to recover 100% of the control over the value chain of its 
insurance business. 
The reorganisation of the life insurance activities started in 2014 with the redesign of life insurance and pension 
unit. The main initial landmarks in this series of purchases and mergers were (i) in 2014, the remaining 50% of 
the capital of CxG Aviva Corporación Caixa Galicia de Seguros y Reaseguros was acquired from Aviva Vida y 
Pensiones (the remaining 50% of the capital was already held by ABANCA) and (ii) in 2015, the acquisition 
of 50% of the capital of Caixanova Vida y Pensiones from Caser Seguros y Reaseguros (the remaining 50% of 
the capital was already held by ABANCA). This corporate restructuring concluded in 2016 with the merger of 
both companies. Finally, in 2019, the insourcing of ABANCA Vida y Pensiones was completed, which equipped 
ABANCA Vida y Pensiones with a technological system to now conduct internally its processes (without external 
suppliers taking part); hence greater management efficiency, improved customer experience, greater product 
customization, and better sales support are expected to be obtained.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
With regards to bancassurance activities, on 8 July 2019, ABANCA announced an agreement with Crédit Agricole 
Assurances (the first European bancassurance trader —source: Crédit Agricole Assurances information based 
on 2017 figures) by which both entities will collaborate during the next 30 years to deal in the general insurance 
market in Spain and Portugal (the "Crédit Agricole Assurances Agreement"). This agreement resulted in a joint 
venture between ABANCA (50% interest) and Crédit Agricole Assurances (50% interest) (ABANCA Seguros 
Generales). After the relevant regulatory authorisations by the Directorate-General for Insurance (Dirección 
General de Seguros) were received, ABANCA Seguros Generales started to offer its first products. This 
innovative offer of products is supported by technological solutions along with a differential customer experience 
for individuals and businesses. This first step is expected to continue through the progressive launch of new 
products, focusing on the knowledge of customers' needs, the production and marketing of simple and innovative 
products, the promotion of self-contracting service and an omnichannel procedures with a digital-first approach. 
With regards to the last insurance line (brokerage), ABANCA Seguros Correduría (a company 100% owned by 
ABANCA Group) provides tailored solutions to companies with major risks that require greater complexity, either 
due to their high exposure or customers' particularities. 
This new commercial model derived from all the above, referred to transactions and reorganisation, is supported 
by a team of commercial managers located across ABANCA's branches who are specialised in each area of the 
insurance business. 
The ABANCA Group had general and life-risk insurance premiums for a value of €299.0 million as of 31 
December 2020, representing an increase of 14.4% compared to 31 December 2019. 
Consumer finance 
This business unit provides a specific structure for consumer credit, focusing on the point of sale, prescribers 
(concessionaires, retailers, etc.) and preauthorised credits for customers (cards/loans). ABANCA Consumer 
Finance has a team of managers that promotes the activity with businesses/concessionaires, as well as providing 
support to the network of offices. This is complemented by a call-center service for telephone sales and supporting 
business customers. 
The acquisition of Popular Servicios Financieros, E.F.C., S.A.U. in May 2017 was an especially relevant 
milestone to the development of the "consumer finance" business unit, as it contributed a specialised team and 
also a large number of agreements with businesses and dealers in Spain and Portugal. 
Institutional 
The public sector has a specific area in ABANCA, in which financial solutions are offered to address the needs 
of public bodies, public enterprises, associations, foundations, etc. Organised around a territorial network, the 
institutional banking co-ordinators were managing a portfolio of more than 1,600 customers throughout Spain as 
of 31 December 2020. Loans, credit policies, guarantee lines, factoring and confirming are the main solutions 
which, each day, support the activity of institutional customers. 
In addition, each year the area co-ordinates more than 230 collaboration agreements with town councils, 
autonomous regions, associations, foundations, etc. for the development of initiatives which promote the social, 
economic and cultural development of their environment. ABANCA also collaborates with revenue-collecting 
entities for the purpose of improving the efficiency of the processes for the collection of fees, public prices and 
other revenues. 
International  
Although ABANCA concentrates its activity and business on the Iberian market, it also has two branches out of 
that area (in Switzerland and in Miami) and eight representative offices in Mexico, Panama, Venezuela, Brazil, 
the UK, France, Germany and Switzerland, aimed at providing coverage to the Galician community abroad and 
the global expansion of Spanish companies which operate in such countries.

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
The central element of this model is customer service through teams located both in Spain and in their country of 
residence. The customers have at their disposal up to three points of customer service contacts, between which 
they may choose at all times, depending on their needs: in their country of residence, their local representative 
office and, in Spain, their corresponding branch supported by managers focused on the sector of non-resident 
customers plus, in the case of entrepreneurs, the ABANCA foreign trade manager team. 
Recoveries and Real Estate assets 
ABANCA is focused on reducing the volume of unproductive assets while maximising their value for ABANCA. 
The main lines of action are the management of arrears of the credit portfolio, the foresight to manage potential 
cases of arrears and the reduction of the stock of properties awarded, always under the premise of generating 
positive results for ABANCA.  
The recovery task focuses on reducing portfolios of suspicious and failed transactions (both current and planned 
transactions) for the purpose of minimising their negative impact on the results through standarisation, collection 
or judicial management. All these arrangements have the support of the commercial network, mainly in early 
delinquency stages. ABANCA's NPL ratio20 decreased significantly from 13.9% as of 31 December 2014 to 2.0% 
as of 31 December 2020 (2.8% as of 31 December 2019).  
Beyond the ordinary recovery tasks, ABANCA also manages the reduction of this stock through the sale of 
portfolios. The activity is carried out by assessing the different divestment alternatives and strategies of these non-
strategic assets, opting for the path enabling the highest value for ABANCA to be obtained.  
With regards to the stock of real estate assets, ABANCA has a team in charge of all the processes associated with 
this type of assets, from their incorporation (where appropriate) and registration in the inventory, until the pricing 
and sale to third parties. In order to manage its stock of real estate assets, ABANCA chooses mixed solutions that 
combine outsourcing and internal management in such a way that control in the value chain is secured, and only 
those transactions which are less critical in the process are outsourced. In relation to the divestment strategy, a 
segmentation of the real estate portfolio is carried out based on the revaluation capacity of the assets, and prices 
are fixed for the purpose of maximising the profitability by maintaining an appropriate turnover. 
As of 31 December 2020, the internal commercial team directed and co-ordinated a group of 394 real estate broker 
(REBs) distributed throughout the Spanish territory. 
Although with a lower volume, ABANCA also carries out the management of leases depending on the type of 
agreement (commercial lease, social lease or subrogation). 
B. Wholesale Banking 
Although ABANCA finances its credit activity as a retail business (with a Retail Loan to Deposits (LtD) ratio21 
of 91.9% as of 31 December 2020 (96.3% as of 31 December 2019)), the "Wholesale Banking" business segment 
complements the commercial activity of ABANCA and constitutes an additional source of revenue for the 
consolidated statements of profit and loss.  
One of the main functions of the area is to optimize the liquidity generated by ABANCA. Furthermore, it manages 
the positions of treasury and liabilities in the capital markets in order to implement the transformation of the 
periods of the balance sheet and the exposure to interest risk. In addition, Wholesale Banking supports the areas 
of the commercial network which carry out the discretional management of portfolios, disseminates knowledge 
to the managers/customers of ABANCA of the most standardised investment portfolios, and controls the 
investment funds/pension schemes designed by ABANCA. Furthermore, it collaborates in the distribution of 
 
20  The NPL ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of ABANCA—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
21  
The Retail Loan to Deposits (LtD) ratio is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
treasury products to the commercial network (retail, enterprises, corporate, Comex and institutional) and co-
ordinates the foreign exchange and derivatives desks, for the purpose of offering the best prices in these products 
to the internal areas (balance sheet/trading) and external customer. It is also responsible for the management of 
the investment portfolio in listed and non-listed companies which include non-representative shares for the 
purpose of generating profitability for ABANCA through dividends or capital gains and maximising efficiency 
and solvency, minimising outflows and maximising inflows of resources into ABANCA. Moreover, this business 
line also includes advisory activities in merger and acquisitions, that consist mainly in the comprehensive 
management of external purchase and sale transactions and the entry of partners in companies from the Iberian 
market, in addition to capital increase, debt restructuring and other corporate transactions. 
The following table includes a breakdown of the consolidated result before tax of the ABANCA Group's 
"Wholesale Banking" business segment for the financial years 2020 and 2019: 
WHOLESALE BANKING (in accordance with IFRS-EU) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Var. 
 
(€ million) 
Net interest income 
(28.38) 
(75.40) 
(62.36%) 
Dividend income  
4.99 
12.99 
(61.62%) 
Share of profit or loss of equity–accounted investees 
- 
- 
- 
Fee and commission income and expense 
- 
(0.04) 
(100.00%
) 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
235.87 
121.88 
93.52% 
Exchange differences, net 
5.35 
4.81 
11.14% 
Other operating income and expenses 
5.10 
4.05 
25.92% 
Gross margin 
222.93 
68.31 
226.36% 
Personnel expenses 
(10.59) 
(10.66) 
(0.59%) 
Other administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation 
(20.39) 
(20.16) 
1.15% 
Provisions or reversals of provisions, and impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(63.77) 
2.62 
n.a. 
Net Operating income 
128.18 
40.12 
219.53% 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint ventures or 
associates and on non-financial assets 
(3.00) 
60.37 
n.a. 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
0.56 
56.37 
(99.00%) 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued operations 
(12.71) 
(65.10) 
(80.48%) 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 
113.04 
91.76 
23.19% 
C. Non-Financial Subsidiaries 
This business line is comprised of the portfolio of non-financial enterprises aimed at supporting the local 
production factories and the activities of ABANCA (this business line includes the result of the insurance 
companies of ABANCA except for the income and expenditure from commissions, which are incorporated into 
the retail banking segment). 
As of 31 December 2020, ABANCA maintained an investees portfolio with presence in the food and beverage 
sectors (bodegas), leisure and tourism (hotels, marina concessionaires, thalassotherapy and fitness etc.), insurance 
(brokerage and insurance companies), finance (venture capital, consumer finance, etc.), infrastructure (motorway 
concessionaires) and others such as information and car, maritime, commercial transport, real estate and energy 
sectors, etc. The investee companies have an important presence and performance in the autonomous region of 
Galicia.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
The following table includes a breakdown of the consolidated result before tax of the ABANCA Group's "Non-
Financial Subsidiaries" business segment for the financial years 2020 and 2019: 
NON FINANCIAL SUBSIDIARIES (in accordance with IFRS-EU) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Var. 
 
(€ million) 
Net interest income 
25.21 
33.28 
(24.26%) 
Dividend income  
- 
- 
- 
Share of profit or loss of equity–accounted investees 
(11.60) 
(1.19) 
878.65% 
Fee and commission income and expense 
- 
- 
- 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
- 
0.21 
(100.00%) 
Exchange differences, net 
0.02 
(0.03) 
n.a. 
Other operating income and expenses 
52.31 
55.05 
(4.98%) 
Gross margin 
65.94 
87.32 
(24.48%) 
Personnel expenses 
(14.89) 
(14.45) 
3.05% 
Other administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation 
(33.95) 
(40.54) 
(16.24%) 
Provisions or reversals of provisions, and impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(0.22) 
(0.28) 
(20.50%) 
Net Operating income 
16.88 
32.06 
(47.34%) 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint ventures or 
associates and on non-financial assets 
- 
0.01 
(100.00%) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
0.17 
0.21 
(19.81%) 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued operations 
- 
(0.10) 
(100.00%) 
Profit before tax from continuing operations  
17.05 
32.18 
(47.02%) 
Distribution channels  
ABANCA is committed to a customer relationship model based on the multi-channel approach, through which 
the customer can connect with ABANCA through the different distribution channels offered. By means of a multi-
channel distribution platform, the customer decides how and when to carry out their financial transactions, keeping 
the traditional office as the personalised customer support centre, supplemented by alternative channels (online 
banking, mobile banking, means of payment, ATM's, etc.). 
Branches 
ABANCA's strategy is geographically differentiated into the following areas: 
• 
Galicia, Asturias, Extremadura and the province of León: the "natural market" of ABANCA, where it 
has its major market share (as of 31 December 2020, ABANCA was the market leader in Galicia with a 
share of almost 41% (source: Statement FI 132.E December 2020 of the Bank of Spain)). ABANCA has 
a broad network of branches in its "natural market" (570 branches as at 31 December 2020). 
• 
Rest of Spain: where the presence of ABANCA is selective and focused on larger towns (82 branches as 
of 31 December 2020). The integration of Bankoa, carried out in 2021, has provided further presence in 
the rest of Spain, especially in the Basque Country, thanks to its 30 branches. 
• 
Portugal: Portugal is expected to play a special role in ABANCA's long-term plans due to its expected 
crucial role within the Iberian market and its economic relationship with Spain. The positioning in 
Portugal focuses on private banking, SMEs, insurance and digital solutions. 
In addition, the presence of ABANCA in the Iberian market is complemented by a presence in the international 
markets through two operational branches in Switzerland and Miami (as of 31 December 2020) and representative 
offices (France, the UK, Switzerland, Germany, Panama, Brazil, Mexico and Venezuela). Please also see "—
History and development - History" above.

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
* Mexico includes Sentir Común SOFOM (Sociedad Financiera de Objeto Múltiple). 
* The Bankoa branches were added in the first quarter of 2021. 
Number of branches 
 
Dec 2020 
 
Dec 2019 
Spain ……………………………………………………………...……………………... 
 
652 
 
727 
Galicia, Asturias, Extremadura and León…..……………………………………..... 
 
570 
 
636 
Rest of Spain ……………………………………………………………………….. 
 
82 
 
91 
Portugal…………………………………………………………………………………... 
 
70(1) 
 
71(1) 
Abroad …………………………………………………………………………………... 
 
2 
 
2 
Representative offices abroad …………………………………………………………… 
 
8 
 
8 
Total ………………………………………………………………………...…………... 
 
732(1) 
 
808 (1) 
(1) Includes 26 points of sale as of December 2020 (27 at December 2019). 
This geographic distribution is supported by an innovative and differential model whose main features are, among 
others, the expertise in dealing with customer needs, the combination of personal customer service and remote 
banking (on-line and telephone), the service through specialised units, simplicity and transparency in contracting 
and managing products and services as well as the international approach. Moreover, in all cases, this presence is 
complemented with certain digital channels (please see "—Digital channels" below). 
In recent years, ABANCA has continued with the process of optimising its network, phasing out branches in those 
centres where an over-presence has been identified based on the demographic and industrial characteristics of the 
area. Furthermore, offices have been opened in those places around Spain where the ABANCA Group did not 
have the appropriate representation. In addition, ABANCA has also taken advantage of the opportunities that have 
arisen in the sector to acquire businesses that are expected to allow it to improve its position as an Iberian player. 
This approach has been reflected in the DB PCB, BCG, Bankoa, and Novo Banco Spain transactions (please also 
see "—History and development - History" above). Said transactions are aimed at providing an inorganic growth 
that is totally complementary to the ABANCA's retail business.  
Digital channels 
ABANCA also has a virtual banking service (electronic, telephone and mobile banking) for all of its products that 
is used by 72% of its customers. ABANCA's mobile banking is among the best rated in the Spanish financial 
system by users (according to Google Play Store and Apple Store) and it is used by two out of three private 
customers from the bank. 
In order to adapt to new customers habits, ABANCA has implemented a digitalisation strategy. In addition to 
enhancing the capabilities of its electronic banking, it has launched numerous payment tools (ABANCA Pay, 
ABANCA Cash, Samsung Pay, contactless technology) and products suited to the demands of digital customers. 
ABANCA has also launched Abanca Conecta, a new customer relationship model which supplements its remote 
communication tools with a comprehensive and personalised management through an agent. Abanca Conecta has 
specialised management agents to improve the customer experience along with a multi-channel approach.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
This digital strategy allowed ABANCA to increase the number of active digital customers by 16.4% during 2020 
(and by 9.4% during 2019), with a special focus on electronic and mobile banking to carry out all types of 
transactions and manage and contract products through the web and telephone. During the year ended 31 
December 2020, more than 1 million customers of the ABANCA Group used remote services for their queries 
and transactions (more than 843,000 during 2019); moreover, 63.3% (56.0% in 2019) of the total transactions 
conducted by the ABANCA Group clients during that period were conducted through digital channels. In that 
period, the number of ABANCA Group's customers that used mobile banking grew 20.9% (16.9% in 2019).  
These digital channels play an important role in improving efficiency and thanks to them, the transactional activity 
in branches has decreased, allowing more time for commercial work. 
As of 31 December 2020, ABANCA offers its customers a network of 1,154 integrated ATMs within the 
EURO 6000 network. ABANCA is also continuing with the implementation of state-of-the-art fully equipped 
ATMs as well as the implementation of new functionalities to respond to the demands reported by customers and 
branches. These devices allow recurring transactions that involve a high administrative load for the branch 
employees, such as making cash withdrawals with return of coins, multiple payment of receipts and deposits of 
exact amounts and return of change with the card. Moreover, as of 31 December 2020, ABANCA had a wide 
network of point of sale terminals (44,730 units) and cards (2.5 million units). 
Client satisfaction 
The key idea of ABANCA's model of specialisation and differentiation is that the service must be provided in the 
most satisfactory manner. ABANCA focuses on creating and strengthening experiences with customers which 
generate positive emotions, leading them to recommend ABANCA to friends and relatives, as well as maintaining 
long-term relationships with ABANCA and a high product-loyalty. 
ABANCA considers the digital strategy as one of the fundamental tools leading to the improvement of customer 
experience. In this respect, ABANCA's digital project seeks to accelerate the processes in order to offer a multi-
channel, innovative service with higher quality levels and with the possibility of contracting products and services 
without the need to visit a branch. The impetus of the digital strategy, with a special emphasis on mobile banking 
and electronic banking to carry out all kinds of transactions and manage and contract products via the web and by 
telephone, has enabled ABANCA to increase both the number of active digital customers and the number of loyal 
customers. ABANCA continues to innovate and incorporating best practices in all matters relating to the digital 
world without neglecting its less-digital customers. 
ABANCA has created the "ABANCA ESCUCHA" tool, which is aimed at managing the customer experience 
process by collecting customer opinions and assessments in an agile and real-time manner. It is a modern and 
innovative vision that places the customer at the centre of ABANCA's interest, thus taking a step forward in the 
transformation process towards the client-centric approach that ABANCA has defined in its strategic plan. 
ABANCA ESCUCHA deals with the main metrics with regard to customer experience in order to carry out a 
detailed follow-up of the evolution of satisfaction levels that customers keep with the Bank as well as to carry out 
action plans to correct any situation that may affect them. 
Principal markets 
Within this multi-channel distribution model (please see "—Distribution Channels" above), ABANCA has 
positioned itself in the Iberian market in different ways, depending on the different geographic areas: 
• 
In the "natural market" (autonomous regions of Galicia, Asturias, Extremadura and province of León), 
the branch network remains as the basic instrument for the relationship with the customer, acting as the 
advice centre and point of sale, always counting on the support of remote services that make it easier for 
the customer to carry out their transactions. The credit market share ABANCA had in the natural markets 
(Galicia, Asturias, León and Extremadura) as of 31 December 2020 amounted approximately to 20% in 
credit, 25% in deposits and 23% in total turnover (source: FI 132.E Statement of Bank of Spain dated 31 
December 2020).

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
In Galicia, the large branch network of the ABANCA Group makes it easier for the Galician population 
to access financial services in an environment with a dispersed population. As of 31 December 2020, 
ABANCA provided its services in 128 small towns where it is the only financial institution present and 
as of 31 December 2020 ABANCA Group had two mobile offices which move on a regular basis to other 
centres of population where there is no branch, thus favouring their financial inclusion. 
• 
In the rest of the Spanish territory, ABANCA opts for a far more selective physical network, focusing on 
the customer, with a high net worth and strongly spurred on by online banking. The acquisition of Bankoa 
has reinforced the ABANCA Group position in the Basque Country as well as strengthened the 
enterprises and asset management business areas. 
• 
In Portugal, the intention of ABANCA has been to expand throughout this territory. Due to the 
acquisition of DB PCB's business, ABANCA had the opportunity to expedite this expansion based on an 
already consolidated branch network and client base. In this way, ABANCA currently manages a 
physical presence that covers 16 of the 20 Portuguese districts and autonomous regions (among which 
are the most developed ones) in a country with great links with ABANCA's mentioned "natural market". 
Additionally, as it occurs in the rest of the territories where ABANCA operates, this physical presence is 
complemented by top-level digital solutions. 
• 
With regard to the international service model of ABANCA, this is focused on attention to the large 
community of entrepreneurs and families of Spanish origin who reside in European and American 
countries. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors 
The table below sets forth, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of Directors 
of ABANCA, their positions within ABANCA and their membership type: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Category 
Mr. Juan Carlos Escotet Rodríguez 
 
Chairman 
 
Proprietary 
Mr. Francisco Botas Ratera 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Executive 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome  
 
Director 
 
Other external(1) 
Ms. Carina Szpilka Lázaro 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr. José García Montalvo  
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Ramón Rodrigo Zarza  
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr. Eduardo Eraña Guerra  
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Ms. Leticia Iglesias Herraiz 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Ms. Ana Valente da Cunha Barros 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr. Manuel Víctor López Figueroa 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-member) 
 
 
Ms. María Consolación Borrás Retamero 
 
Vice Secretary (non-member) 
 
 
(1) Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome is not considered an independent director as a consequence of a related-party transaction entered into with 
ABANCA in July 2016. Consequently, his category in the Board of Directors has been classified as "other external". 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is: Rua Nueva, 30, A Coruña, Spain. 
The annual general shareholders' meeting of ABANCA held on 28 June 2021 approved to increase the number of 
members of the Board of Directors up to 12 (after the previous increase up to 11 members approved by the annual 
general shareholders' meeting of ABANCA held on 10 June 2019). The Board of Directors may fill the vacancies 
by making appointments to serve until the next general shareholders' meeting is held (nombramiento por 
cooptación).

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
The table below sets forth the names of those members of the Board of Directors of ABANCA with activities 
performed outside ABANCA or companies or members of the ABANCA Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus that are significant with respect to ABANCA:  
Director 
 
Company 
 
Title 
Mr. Juan Carlos Escotet Rodríguez 
 
Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorro 
 
Director 
 
Banesco Holding, C.A. 
 
Chairman 
 
Banesco Banco Universal, C.A. 
 
Chairman 
 
Banesco Holding Latinoamérica, S.A. 
 
Director 
 
Banesco USA 
 
Vice-Chairman 
Mr. Francisco Botas Ratera 
 
Cecabank, S.A. 
 
Director 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome 
 
Miura Holding, C.V. 
 
Director/ Chairman 
 
Miura Capital Panamá, Inc. 
 
Director/ Chairman 
 
Imantia Capital S.G.I.I.C., S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman 
Ms. Carina Szpilka Lázaro 
 
Grifols, S.A. 
 
Director 
 
Kanoar Ventures SGEIC, S.A. 
 
Chairman 
 
Karvela Holdk, S.L. 
 
Chairman 
 
Asociación Española de la Economía Digital 
(Adigital) 
 
Chairman 
 
Meliá Hotels International, S.A. 
 
Director 
Ms. Leticia Iglesias Herraiz 
 
AENA SME, S.A. 
 
Director 
 
LAR España Real Estate Socimi, S.A. 
 
Director 
 
 
Acerinox, S.A. 
 
Director 
Ms. Ana Valente da Cunha Barros 
 
Luís Pacheco de Melo, Lda. 
 
Partner 
 
ECS Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Investimento 
Imobiliário, S.A. 
 
Director 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest in relation to members of the Board of 
Directors of ABANCA between any duties owed to ABANCA and their private interests and other duties.  
Executive Credit Commission 
The Executive Credit Commission has the powers that correspond to the Board of Directors in relation to the 
granting and monitoring of funding transactions of any nature, including those related to the improvement, 
recognition, amendment, extension, advance of maturity, termination, extinction, renewal and, in general, 
whatsoever powers applicable with regard to acts, contracts or operations specific to the ordinary trading or course 
of banking entities as part of their operational funding mechanism. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Credit Commission is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Category 
Mr. Francisco Botas Ratera  
 
Chairman 
 
Executive 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome 
 
Member 
 
Other external 
Mr. José Ramón Rodrigo Zarza 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. Manuel Víctor López Figueroa 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
Mr. José Luis Dorrego Martín-Barbadillo 
 
Deputy Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Audit and Compliance Commission 
The Audit and Compliance Commission has, in general terms, the following functions: (i) report to the General 
Meeting of Shareholders on the issues of its competence; (ii) functions with regard to the external auditor; 
(iii) functions regarding the information and internal control systems and the internal auditing function; (iv) to 
assess compliance with the Internal Code of Conduct in Securities Markets, with the Regulations of the Board of 
Directors and, in general, with ABANCAs' governance rules and make the necessary proposals for their 
improvement; (v) compliance function; to supervise compliance with and the performance of the internal control 
manual for criminal risk prevention approved by the Board of Directors; (vi) to report to the Board of Directors 
in advance on all matters set forth in the law, the bylaws and in the Regulations of the Board of Directors; (vii) to 
submit to the Board of Directors as many proposals it deems appropriate on matters within the purview of its 
powers.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit and Compliance Commission is composed of the following 
directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Category 
Ms. Leticia Iglesias Herraiz 
 
Chairman 
 
Independent 
Mr. José García Montalvo 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Ms. Carina Szpilka Lázaro 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome 
 
Member 
 
Other external 
Mr. José Ramón Rodrigo Zarza 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appointments and Sustainability Commission 
The Appointments and Sustainability Commission has, in general terms, the following functions: (i) to evaluate 
the balance between knowledge, skills, diversity and experience within the Board of Directors and develop a 
description of the duties and necessary skills required for a particular appointment, evaluating the time and 
dedication required to effectively perform their duties; (ii) to establish a representation target for the under-
represented gender in the Board of Directors and develop guidelines on how to achieve such objective; for the 
purpose of promoting gender diversity, the Committee will propose measures encouraging the Bank to have a 
significant number of women among its senior management; (iii) to regularly asses and review the Bank's 
corporate governance system, so that it fulfils its mission of promoting the social interests and takes into account, 
as appropriate, the legitimate interests of the remaining stakeholders; (iv) to regularly asses and review the Bank's 
sustainability strategy, so that it fulfils its mission of promoting the social interests and takes into account, as 
appropriate, the legitimate interests of the remaining stakeholders; additionally, to ensure that the ABANCA's 
sustainability practices are consistent with the defined strategy and policies; (v) to identify and recommend, with 
a view to its approval by the Board of Directors or the General Meeting of Shareholders, candidates to fill any 
vacancies in the Board of Directors; (vi) to review regularly the policy of the Board of Directors regarding the 
selection and appointment of members of senior management and formulate recommendations and report on 
proposals for the appointment and removal of senior managers and the basic conditions of their contracts; (vii) to 
implement and monitor the succession plan for directors approved by the Board of Directors; (viii) to inform 
previously the Board of Directors about the members who shall form part of each Commission; (ix) to verify, on 
a yearly basis, the status of ABANCA's directors and inform the Board of Directors accordingly for its 
consideration during the drafting of the annual report on corporate governance; (x) to evaluate regularly, and at 
least once a year, the structure, size, composition and performance of the Board of Directors, making 
recommendations with respect to possible changes; (xi) to evaluate regularly and report to the Board of Directors 
accordingly at least once a year as regards the suitability of the different members of the Board of Directors and 
that of the Board as a whole; (xii) to define policies and guidelines for the management of the human capital of 
ABANCA; and (xiii) to report on the appointment of a Chairperson of Honour. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Appointments and Sustainability Commission is composed of the 
following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Category 
Mr. Eduardo Eraña Guerra 
 
Chairman 
 
Independent 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome 
 
Member 
 
Other external 
Mr. José Ramón Rodrigo Zarza 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Remuneration Commission 
The Remuneration Commission has, in general terms, the following functions: (i) propose to the Board the 
remuneration policy of directors (which shall be put to the vote of the General Meeting under the Regulation of 
the Board of Directors) and that of the senior management, as well as the individual remuneration and remaining 
contract terms and conditions of executive directors, ensuring their observance; (ii) directly supervise the 
remuneration of the managers responsible for risk management and those with compliance; (iii) periodically 
review the remuneration schemes for their updating and ensure that the remuneration of directors and senior 
managers conform to standards of moderation and correspondence to the performance of ABANCA and that their 
remuneration and that of the identified staff (as defined in the applicable law) do not incentivize taking risks

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
beyond the level authorised by ABANCA so that they are consistent with and promote sound and effective risk 
management. Furthermore, the remuneration policy of the identified staff shall be subject to a central and 
independent review at least once a year so as to be ascertain whether the remuneration patterns and procedures 
established by the board of directors are met; (iv) verify the independency of the external advisors that may be 
hired, if any, in the capacity of experts in remunerations; (v) ensure the transparency of the remuneration policies 
in such terms as envisaged by the applicable norms and regulations and the observance of the remuneration policy 
established by ABANCA; and (vi) assess the achievement of the objectives the remuneration is linked to, as well 
as the need to make risk-based adjustments, if any, to said remunerations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Commission is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Category 
Ms. Carina Szpilka Lázaro 
 
Chairman 
 
Independent 
Mr. José García Montalvo 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. Pedro Raúl López Jácome 
 
Member 
 
Other external 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
Comprehensive Risk Commission  
The Comprehensive Risk Commission has, in general terms, the following functions: (i) advise the Board of 
Directors on the current and future risk appetite of ABANCA and its strategy on this regard and assisting it on 
ensuring the implementation of that strategy; (ii) oversee that the pricing policy of assets and liabilities offered to 
customers takes fully into account ABANCA's business model and its risk strategy; (iii) determine in collaboration 
with the Board of Directors, the nature, format and frequency of the information on risks that the Commission 
itself and the Board of Directors shall receive; (iv) collaborate in the implementation of rational remuneration 
policies and practices. To this end, the Commission shall evaluate, without prejudice to the duties of the 
Remuneration Commission, whether the incentive policy provided for in the remuneration scheme takes into 
account the risk, the capital, the liquidity, and the probability and appropriateness of the profits; and (v) propose 
the selection, appointment, reappointment and dismissal of the Manager of the Chief Risk Officer. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Comprehensive Risk Commission is composed of the following 
directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Category 
Mr. José García Montalvo 
 
Chairman 
 
Independent 
Ms. Leticia Iglesias Herraiz 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Ms. Ana Valente da Cunha Barros 
 
Member 
 
Independent 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro Sánchez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
Management Team 
The following table specifies the management team of ABANCA as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
 
Position 
Mr. Francisco Botas Ratera 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Juan Luis Vargas-Zúñiga Mendoza 
 
Chief Investment Officer 
Mr. Luis Beraza de Diego 
 
Chief Business Unit Officer – Spain 
Mr. José Luis Vázquez Fernández 
 
Chief Credit Officer 
Mr. Miguel Angel Escotet Alvarez 
 
Chief CSR & Communications Officer 
Mr. José Manuel Valiño Blanco 
 
Chief Information & Processes Officer 
Mr. Pablo Triñanes Lago 
 
Chief Risk Officer  
Mr. Alberto de Francisco Guisasola 
 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
Mrs. Maria Camino Agra 
 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Mr. José Eduardo Álvarez-Naveiro 
 
Chief Legal Officer 
Mr. Alfonso Caruana Cámara 
 
Chief Business Unit Officer – International 
Mr. Julián José Serrapio Vigo 
 
Chief Audit Officer (CAO) 
Mr. Pedro Veiga Fernández 
 
Chief Strategy & Planning Officer 
There are no members of the management team of ABANCA with activities performed outside ABANCA or 
companies or members of the ABANCA Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus that are significant with 
respect to ABANCA.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest in relation to members of the management 
team of ABANCA between any duties owed to ABANCA and their private interests and other duties.  
The business address of each member of ABANCA's management team mentioned above is Rua Nueva, 30, A 
Coruña, Spain. 
The Annual Corporate Governance Report (Informe Anual de Gobierno Corporativo) of the Bank corresponding 
to the 2020 financial year (the "Annual Corporate Governance Report") is available on the corporate website 
of the Bank (www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es). The 
Annual Corporate Governance Report includes, for the first time for a Spanish bank (either listed or non-listed), 
a verification report issued by KPMG Asesores, S.L. The Annual Corporate Governance Report states, after the 
required analysis, that the compliance (either complete or partial) with the recommendations of the CNMV Good 
Governance Code for Listed Companies that are applicable to ABANCA has had a 100% increase. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The following chart summarises the companies making up the ABANCA Group and ABANCA's ownership of 
such companies as of 31 December 2020: 
 
The book value of the investees portfolio of the ABANCA Group (excluding fully consolidated subsidiaries and 
associates) and of ABANCA Corporación Industrial y Empresarial, S.L.U. amounted to €187.15 million as of 31

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
December 2020 (€281.04 million as of 31 December 2019) and as of that date there were no material pending 
recapitalisation commitments. 
Furthermore, as of 31 December 2020 the Group has classified group entities for a value of €949.87 million 
recorded in "non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale" and for a value of €626.63 million 
recorded in "liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale".   
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ABANCA's share capital is €2,476,208,900 divided into 2,251,099,000 
fully subscribed and paid ordinary shares with a par value of €1.10 each. All shares are of the same class with the 
same rights attached.  
Shareholders  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholders of ABANCA are:  
Shareholder 
 
Interest  
Mr. Juan Carlos Escotet Rodríguez 
 
84.748%(*) 
Other shareholders 
 
14.724% 
Treasury shares 
 
0.528% 
(*) Out of which, 33.748% indirectly held through Escotet Family Office, S.L.U.  
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which ABANCA is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the ABANCA Group. 
Notwithstanding this, the members of the ABANCA Group are, and in the future may, be involved in various 
claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations.  
In particular, the ABANCA Group is involved in proceedings related to mortgage "floor clauses" (in connection 
with which the provisions of ABANCA Group amounted to €4.79 million as of 31 December 2020 (€8.73 million 
as of 31 December 2019) (ABANCA does not expect to receive new claims for a relevant aggregate amount in 
connection with mortgage "floor clauses" as this type of clauses have not been included in the ABANCA Group 
agreements since 2011)), proceedings related to the arrangement of interest rate hedges tied to mortgage loans 
granted to families and self-employed persons (in connection with which the provisions of ABANCA Group 
amounted to €0.73 million as of 31 December 2020 (€0.86 million as of 31 December 2019)), proceedings related 
to the management of hybrid equity instruments and subordinated debt (in connection with which the provisions 
of ABANCA Group amounted to €2.95 million as of 31 December 2020 (€3.52 million as of 31 December 2019) 
(ABANCA does not expect to receive new claims for a relevant aggregate amount in connection with this matter)) 
and proceedings related to payment of stamp duty in mortgage loans (as further described below). In addition, the 
ABANCA Group has provisions amounting to €21.7 million to cover commitments with third parties in 
connection with its activity (€121.8 million as of 31 December 2019). No new provisions relating to new legal 
proceedings have been required in the year ended 31 December 2020 nor in the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Proceedings related to payment of stamp duty in mortgage loans 
On 5 November 2018, the Spanish Supreme Court (Tribunal Supremo) held a plenary session to determine 
whether the borrower (as per traditional case law) or the lender (as ruled out in recent decisions of the Third 
Chamber (Administrative) of the Spanish Supreme Court) must pay the stamp duty (actos jurídicos documentados) 
levied on the public deeds that document the granting of a loan with a mortgage guarantee. On 27 November 2018, 
the Spanish Supreme Court published the rulings stating that it had decided to confirm the traditional case law 
and determined that the borrower must pay the stamp duty in relation to the granting of mortgage loans. After this 
decision, the Spanish government approved Royal Decree-Law 17/2018, of 8 November, amending the Spanish 
Stamp Duty Law and set forth that as from 10 November 2018 stamp duty levied on the public deeds that document 
the granting of a loan with a mortgage guarantee shall be paid by the lender. This notwithstanding, customers may

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
still claim that credit entities, including ABANCA, should bear this cost in relation to mortgage loans notarised 
prior to 10 November 2018 and first instance courts may rule in their favour on the basis of the recent case law of 
the Third Chamber (Administrative) of the Spanish Supreme Court. Also, courts may request to the European 
Court of Justice a preliminary ruling on the interpretation of the Spanish Stamp Duty Act, and the European Court 
of Justice could decide that lenders must pay the stamp duty in relation to mortgage loans notarised prior to 10 
November 2018. The provisions set aside by the ABANCA Group in connection with this potential requirement 
to pay the stamp duty in relation to mortgage loans notarised prior to 10 November 2018 are included, together 
with provisions for other matters, in a provision for loan execution expenses that as of 31 December 2020 
amounted to €2.59 million (€2.23 million as of 31 December 2019). 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The sections below contain financial information of the ABANCA Group extracted from its audited consolidated 
annual accounts, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. The variations in the following tables 
have been calculated using the amounts in thousands of euros as to more accurately reflect the actual variation. 
2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts 
The table below includes the consolidated balance sheets of the ABANCA Group as of 31 December 2020 
and 2019: 
 
(millions of euros) 
ASSETS 
2020 
2019 
Var. 
 
 
 
 
Cash, cash balances with central banks and other demand deposits 
7,155.81 
3,136.57 
128.14% 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading  
 
 
 
Derivatives 
142.51 
117.67 
21.10% 
Debt securities 
20.98  
76.98 
(72.75%) 
 
163.49 
194.66 
(16.01%) 
 
 
 
 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
Equity instruments  
201.22 
285.22 
(29.45%) 
Debt securities  
27.48 
29.31 
(6.27%) 
Loans and advances 
 
 
 
Customers 
- 
- 
- 
 
228.70 
314.54 
(27.29%) 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
Equity instruments 
23.69 
24.19 
(2.09%) 
Debt securities 
6,423.24 
5,056.17 
27.04% 
 
6,446.93 
5,080.36 
26.90% 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
 
 
Debt securities 
6,915.30 
5,895.75 
17.29% 
Loans and advances  
 
 
 
Credit institutions 
417.68 
855.07 
(51.15%) 
Customers 
39,100.19  
37,139.77 
5.28% 
 
46,433.16 
43,890.59 
5.79% 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives - hedge accounting  
10.30 
53.09 
(80.60%) 
 
 
 
 
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
 
 
 
Associates 
143.74 
219.49 
(34.51%) 
 
143.74 
219.49 
(34.51%) 
 
 
 
 
Assets covered by insurance or reinsurance contracts 
4.54 
4.14 
9.49% 
 
 
 
 
Tangible assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment/Fixed assets 
 
 
 
For own use 
929.35 
971.48 
(4.34%) 
Leased out under operating leases 
- 
0.24 
(100.00%) 
Investment property 
280.46 
296.13 
(5.29%)

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
1,209.81 
1,267.85 
(4.58%) 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
116.32 
61.73 
88.43% 
Other intangible assets 
401.92 
407.10 
(1.27%) 
 
518.24 
468.83 
10.54% 
 
 
 
 
Tax assets 
40.38 
102.87 
(60.75%) 
Current tax assets 
3,435.36 
3,401.74 
0.99% 
Deferred tax assets 
3,475.73 
3,504.61 
(0.82%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
145.59 
142.41 
2.23% 
Insurance contracts linked to pensions 
63.48 
55.90 
13.57% 
Inventories 
141.10 
166.87 
(15.45%) 
Other assets 
350.16 
365.18 
(4.11%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
1,276.84 
379.43 
236.52% 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
67,417.45 
58,879.32 
14.50% 
 
 
(millions of euros) 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  
2020 
2019 
Var. 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
143.91 
116.54 
23,48%  
 
143.91 
116.54 
23,48%  
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
 
 
 
Deposits 
 
 
 
Central banks 
8,606.73 
4,658.65 
84.75%  
Credit institutions 
2,411.59 
3,648.80 
(33.91%)  
Customers 
46,392.76 
41,350.19 
12.19%  
Debt securities issued 
1,708.28 
1,726.58 
(1.06%)  
Other financial liabilities 
288.79 
358.97 
(19.55%)  
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities 
928.99 
922.78 
0.67%  
 
59,408.15 
51,743.18 
14.81%  
 
 
 
 
Derivatives - hedge accounting 
290.32 
179.80 
61.47%  
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities covered by insurance or reinsurance contracts 
1,524.05 
1,562.14 
(2.44%)  
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions 
 
 
 
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations 
204.27 
160.90 
26.96%  
Outstanding tax-related legal proceedings and litigation 
18.36 
16.68 
10.02%  
Commitments and guarantees given 
65.44 
77.42 
(15.47%)  
Other provisions 
30.18 
134.92 
(77.63%)  
 
318.25 
389.91 
(18.38%)  
 
 
 
 
Tax liabilities 
 
 
 
Current tax liabilities 
37.77 
17.17 
120.01%  
Deferred tax liabilities 
203.27 
194.19 
4.67%  
 
241.04 
211.36 
14.04%  
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities 
288.61 
271.81 
6.18% 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
626.63 
- 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
62,840.96 
54,474.74 
15.36% 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital 
 
 
 
Paid-up capital 
2,476.21 
2,453.66 
0.92% 
 
2,476.21 
2,453.66 
0.92% 
 
 
 
 
Share premium 
208.79 
433.90 
(51.88%) 
 
 
 
 
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
 
 
 
Other equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Retained earnings 
1,708.68 
1,519.74 
12.43% 
 
 
 
 
Other reserves 
 
 
 
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint ventures and associates 
5.07 
(19.01) 
n.a. 
Other 
(33.53) 
(33.95) 
(1.21%) 
 
(28.47) 
(52.96) 
 
 
 
 
 
Treasury shares 
(17.19) 
(230.54) 
(92.54%) 
 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to the owners of the Parent 
160.10 
405.02 
(60.47%) 
 
 
 
 
Interim dividends 
- 
(160.75) 
(100.00%) 
 
4,508.13 
4,368.06 
3.21% 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
 
Actuarial gains or losses on defined benefit pension plans 
(12.48) 
(20.58) 
(39.35%) 
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
3.04 
 
3.61 
 
(15.71%) 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
 
Foreign currency translation 
1.36 
0.02 
6,357.14% 
Hedging derivatives Cash flow hedges reserve (effective portion) 
(22.31) 
12.14 
n.a. 
Fair value changes of debt securities measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
116.37 
 
40.52 
 
187.22% 
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and 
associates 
 
(10.56) 
 
(0.33) 
 
3,069.97% 
 
75.42 
35.38 
113.20% 
 
 
 
 
Minority interests (non-controlling interests) 
 
 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
(0.45) 
(0.03) 
1,555.56% 
Other items 
(6.61) 
1.16 
n.a. 
 
(7.06) 
1.14 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EQUITY 
4,576.49 
4,404.58 
3.90% 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
67,417.45 
58,879.32 
14.50% 
In the year ended 31 December 2020 the Retail Business Volume of the ABANCA Group amounted to €91,480.32 
million and its Retail Business Volume per employee was €16.8 million (€85,078.55 million and €15.2 million, 
respectively, in the year ended 31 December 2019)22. 
 
 
22  The Retail Business Volume and the Retail Business Volume per employee are APMs, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation 
of which is set out in "—Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
The table below includes the consolidated statements of profit and loss of the ABANCA Group for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
(millions of euros) 
 
Income / (Expenses) 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Var. 
 
 
 
 
Interest Income 
798.95 
760.91 
5.00% 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
44.25 
64.89 
(31.81%) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
710.54 
715.43 
(0.68%)  
Other interest income 
44.17 
(19.42) 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
(155.99) 
(186.27) 
(16.25%) 
 
 
 
 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
642.96 
574.64 
11.89% 
 
 
 
 
Dividend income 
4.99 
12.99 
(61.62%) 
 
 
 
 
Share of profit or loss of equity-accounted investees 
(11.60) 
(1.19) 
878.65% 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
268.11 
234.32 
14.42% 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission expense 
(33.92) 
(28.86) 
17.56% 
 
 
 
 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss, net 
213.01 
81.39 
161.73% 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
161.51 
(0.29) 
n.a. 
Other financial assets and liabilities 
51.50 
81.68 
(36.94%) 
 
 
 
 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
8.51 
(1.80) 
n.a. 
Other gains or losses 
8.51 
(1.80) 
n.a.  
 
 
 
 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss, net 
12.59 
44.71 
(71.83%) 
Other gains or losses 
12.59 
44.71 
(71.83%) 
 
 
 
 
Gains or losses from hedge accounting, net 
3.38 
(2.20) 
n.a.  
 
 
 
 
Exchange differences, net 
9.77 
4.78 
104.35% 
 
 
 
 
Other operating income 
76.22 
75.94 
0.36% 
 
 
 
 
Other operating expenses 
(122.29) 
(109.79) 
11.38% 
 
 
 
 
Income from assets covered by insurance or reinsurance contracts 
106.87 
281.32 
(62.01%) 
 
 
 
 
Expenses from liabilities covered by insurance or reinsurance contracts 
(74.65) 
(255.42) 
(70.78%) 
 
 
 
 
GROSS MARGIN / GROSS INCOME 
1,103.95 
910.84 
21.20% 
 
 
 
 
Administrative expenses 
(601.34) 
(580.27) 
3.63% 
Personnel expenses 
(379.30) 
(356.56) 
6.38% 
Other administrative expenses 
(222.04) 
(223.71) 
(0.74%) 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(94.99) 
(89.84) 
5.73% 
 
 
 
 
Provisions or reversals of provisions 
38.19 
(53.34) 
n.a.  
 
 
 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
(233.28) 
(39.59) 
489.30% 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
0.21 
0.18 
17.42% 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
(233.49) 
(39.76) 
487.19% 
 
 
 
 
NET OPERATING INCOME 
212.53 
147.80 
43.80% 
 
 
 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on investments in joint ventures or 
associates 
- 
0.01 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
(24.61) 
57.53 
n.a.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Tangible assets 
(21.61) 
62.53 
n.a. 
Intangible assets 
(3.00) 
(5.00) 
(40.00%) 
Others 
- 
- 
(100.00%) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net 
0.58 
43.49 
(98.66%) 
 
 
 
 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
- 
231.68 
(100.00%) 
 
 
 
 
Gains or losses on non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued operations 
5.66 
(50.31) 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
194.16 
430.20 
(54.87%) 
 
 
 
 
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations 
(33.59) 
(25.18) 
33.41% 
 
 
 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
160.57 
405.03 
(60.35%) 
 
 
 
 
Profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations 
(1.76) 
- 
n.a. 
 
 
 
 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 
158.81 
405.03 
(60.79%) 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests) 
(1.29) 
0.01 
n.a. 
Attributable to the owners of the Parent 
160.10 
405.02 
(60.47%) 
In the year ended on 31 December 2020 the recurring revenues of the ABANCA Group were €877.15 million, its 
Cost to Income Ratio was 63.1%, its operating expenses amounted to €696.33 million and its Return on Average 
Equity was 3.4% (€780.10 million, 73.6%,€670.11 million and 8.9%, respectively, in the year ended on 31 
December 2019).23 
CREDIT RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ABANCA has been assigned the following ratings by the following credit 
rating agencies:  
Agency 
 
Modification date 
 
Short-term rating 
 
Long-term rating 
 
Outlook 
Moody's 
 
July 2021 
 
P-3 
 
Baa3 
 
Stable 
S&P 
 
February 2021 
 
B 
 
BB+ 
 
Stable 
Fitch 
 
September 2020 
 
F3 
 
BBB- 
 
Negative 
DBRS 
 
June 2021 
 
R-2 (high) 
 
BBB  
 
Stable 
Each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España and DBRS Rating GmbH is a rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. A list of registered credit rating agencies is published at the ESMA's website: 
www.esma.europa.eu. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or APMs, which are used by management to evaluate the ABANCA 
Group's overall performance or liquidity. These measures are used in the Bank's planning, operational and 
financial decision-making and are commonly used in the finance sector as indicators to monitor institutions' assets, 
liabilities and economic/financial positions. 
These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by ABANCA's auditors and are not measures required 
by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. Many of these APMs are based on ABANCA's internal estimates, 
assumptions and calculations. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by ABANCA, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used 
by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information 
 
23  Recurring revenues, Cost to Income Ratio, operating expenses and Return on Average Equity are APMs, the definition, explanation, use 
and reconciliation of which are set out in "Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the ABANCA 
Group's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for 
or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review 
these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual accounts incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
ABANCA believes that the description of these APMs in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the 
"ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures" dated 5 October 2015. 
The following are the APMs used in this Base Prospectus. 
Average Total Assets ("ATA"): simple average of the consolidated total assets of all the quarterly balance sheets 
of the current fiscal year (including that corresponding to the month of December of the previous year) as semi-
sum of the extremes. Averages are used to see how a specific variable performs in a period of time, beyond a 
particular moment. 
 
 
 
 
Cost to income ratio: operating expenses divided by gross income. This ratio measures the amount of 
administrative expenses and depreciation and amortisation required to generate income. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
 
Administrative expenses 
601.34 
580.27 
Plus 
Depreciation and amortisation 
94.99 
89.84 
Denominator 
 
Gross Margin/Gross Income 
1,103.95 
910.84 
Cost to income ratio   
63.1% 
73.6% 
Customer spread ratio: difference between the quarterly average yield on the performing loan portfolio and the 
quarterly cost of retail deposits (demand and term). This APM is an indicator of profitability and measures the 
difference between the average yield on the performing loan portfolio and the cost of retail deposits. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(%) 
 
Yield on performing loan to customers (rate) (*) 
1.58 
1.72 
Minus ………… 
Cost of retail funds (rate) (**) 
0.05 
0.10 
Customer spread ratio ……………………………………………………………. 
1.53 
1.62 
Source: ABANCA's internal information with management criteria. 
(*) Interest income from the portfolio of loans to customers divided by the average balance of loans to customers. 
(**) Interest expenses on retail deposits on the balance sheet divided by the average balance of retail deposits. 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio: foreclosed impairment in respect of foreclosed assets. This is currently a very 
relevant indicator in the banking sector and it shows the level of impairment that the entity has already absorbed 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
Numerator  
Dec year-1 Total Assets  
58,879.32 
51,154.74 
 
+ Mar year Total Assets  
58,912.09 
50,253.61 
 
+ Jun year Total Assets 
63,326.12 
52,771.70 
 
+ Sep year Total Assets 
64,451.87 
57,148.52 
 
+ Dec year Total Assets  
67,417.45 
58,879.32 
Denominator 
4  
4 
4 
ATA  
 
62,459.62 
53,797.71

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
into its profit and loss accounts in respect of the total of foreclosed assets. This ratio is used by the ABANCA 
Group to measure the coverage foreclosed assets and it is also an indicator of asset quality. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator ……. 
Accumulated impairment losses of foreclosed assets or received in 
payment of debt 
438.51 
477.01 
Denominator …… 
Gross foreclosed assets or received in payment of debt 
709.27 
790.38 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio  ………………………………………………….. 
61.8% 
60.4% 
Net fees and commissions: fees and commission income minus fee and commission expenses. This APM is an 
indicator of profitability and measures the margin obtained with respect to the fees and commissions. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Fee and commission income 
268.11 
234.32 
Minus ………… 
Fee and commission expense 
33.92 
28.86 
Net fees and commissions …………………………………………………………… 
234.19 
205.46 
Non-performing Assets ("NPA"): sum of the total non-performing loans and the gross foreclosed assets. The 
sum of these two masses shows the total volume of unproductive assets that an entity has in its balance sheet. This 
APM is an indicator of asset quality and shows the size of the non-productive assets portfolio understood as non-
performing loans plus foreclosed assets. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Impaired assets in loans and advances to customers 
801.13 
1,032.43 
Plus ………….. 
Gross foreclosed assets or received in payment of debt 
709.27 
790.38 
NPA ………………………………………………………………………………… 
1,510.40 
1,822.82 
NPA coverage ratio: accumulated impairment of foreclosed assets plus impairment losses on loans and advances 
to customers divided by gross non-performing assets (non-performing loans plus gross foreclosed assets). This 
ratio is used by the ABANCA Group to measure the coverage ratio of non-performing assets and it is also an 
indicator of asset quality. 
NPA ratio: gross non-performing assets divided by gross loans and advances to customers plus the gross 
foreclosed assets. This ratio is used by the ABANCA Group to measure the overall quality of the ABANCA 
Group's loan portfolio. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator  ……… 
NPA 
1,510.40 
1,822.82 
Denominator  ……. 
Gross loans and advances to customers 
39,529.42 
37,612.28 
Minus 
Reverse repurchase agreements(*)  
- 
347.69 
Minus 
Extraordinary activities(*) 
376.57 
268.89 
Plus 
Gross foreclosed assets or received in payment of debt 
709.27 
790.38 
NPA ratio …………………………………………………………………………… 
3.8% 
4.8% 
(*) For information on the items "Extraordinary activities" and "Repurchase agreements" please see note 10 of the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator  ……… 
Accumulated impairment losses of loans and advances to 
customers 
650.23 
593.98 
Plus 
Accumulated impairment losses of foreclosed assets or received 
in payment of debt 
438.51 
477.01 
Denominator  …….. 
Impaired assets in loans and advances to customers 
801.13 
1,032.43 
Plus 
Gross foreclosed assets or received in payment of debt 
709.27 
790.38 
NPA coverage ratio ………………………………………………………………… 
72.1% 
58.8%

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
NPL coverage ratio: loan impairment in respect of NPLs. This is currently one of the most relevant indicators in 
the banking sector and it shows the level of credit provisions that the entity has already absorbed into its profit 
and loss accounts in respect of the total of impaired loans. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator  ……… 
Accumulated impairment losses of loans and advances to 
customers 
650.23 
593.98 
Denominator  ……. 
Impaired assets in loans and advances to customers 
801.13 
1,032.43 
NPL coverage ratio …………………………………………………………….. 
81.2% 
57.5% 
NPL ratio: NPL loans in respect of gross customers loans (for calculation purposes, the amounts corresponding 
to extraordinary activities of loans and advances to customers are eliminated from the denominator). This is 
currently one of the most relevant indicators in the banking sector and it shows the quality of the credit investment 
of the entity insofar as it reflects the level of impaired loans in respect of the total volume of loans. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator  …… 
Impaired assets in loans and advances to customers 
801.13 
1,032.43 
Denominator … 
Gross loans and advances to customers 
39,529.42 
37,612.28 
Minus 
Reverse repurchase agreements(*) 
- 
347.69 
Minus 
Extraordinary activities(*) 
376.57 
268.89 
NPL ratio ………………………………………………………………………… 
2.0% 
2.8% 
(*) For information on the items "Extraordinary activities" and "Repurchase agreements" please see note 10 of the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
Off-balance-sheet funds: comprises those balances of clients that, not being within the balance sheet of the entity, 
are managed by the same so that the client obtains a certain profitability. This category groups the Investment 
Funds, Pension Plans, Structured Products and Savings Insurance. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Investment funds 
6,241.38 
6,313.59 
Plus …… 
Pension funds 
1,589.96 
1,531.97 
Plus …… 
Structured products 
506.69 
680.35 
Plus …… 
Insurance products 
1,501.08 
1,536.64 
Off-balance sheet funds ………………………………………………………. 
9,839.11 
10,062.56 
Operating expenses: this APM reflects the level of the most recurrent expenses of the banking activity of an entity 
through a period. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
Administrative expenses 
601.34 
580.27 
Plus…… 
Depreciation and amortisation 
94.99 
89.84 
Operating expenses ……………………………………………………………… 
696.33 
670.11 
Performing Loans Portfolio: portfolio of loans granted by the entity that are not classified as NPL. It reflects the 
volume of credits for which the entity receives payments according to established schedules. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Gross loans and advances to other customers 
39,529.42 
37,612.28 
Minus ……… 
Reverse repurchase agreements (*) 
- 
347.69 
Minus ……… 
Extraordinary activities (*) 
376.57 
268.89 
Minus ……… 
Impaired assets in loans and advances to customers 
801.13 
1,032.43 
Minus ……… 
Advance to Social Security due to extra payment 
- 
- 
Performing Loans Portfolio …………………………………………………… 
38,351.73 
35,963.28 
(*) For information on the items "Extraordinary activities" and "Repurchase agreements" please see note 10 of the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
Recurring revenues: net interest income plus net fees and commission income. This APM is an indicator of 
profitability, it is used by the ABANCA Group to measure the evolution of the revenues more directly linked to 
the ABANCA Group's main activities (income from interests and commissions). 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net interest income 
642.96 
574.64 
Plus …………… 
Net fees and commissions 
234.19 
205.46 
Recurring revenues ……………………………………………………………… 
877.15 
780.10 
Retail Business Volume: sum of the total of loans to customers, plus deposits from customers and Off-balance-
sheet funds. This measure shows the level of business with customers that is under the entity's management. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net loans and advances to customers 
39,100.19 
37,139.77 
Minus ………… 
Reverse repurchase agreements  
- 
347.69 
Plus  ………… 
Gross deposits from customers 
46,294.04 
41,273.17 
Minus ………. 
Securitization 
- 
0.11 
Minus ………… 
Repurchase agreements  
2,213.13 
1,340.85 
Minus ………… 
Covered bond issues classified as deposits from customers 
1,539.89 
1,656.55 
Minus ………… 
Other long term funding classified as deposits from customers 
- 
51.74 
Plus  ………… 
Off-balance sheet funds 
9,839.11 
10,062.56 
Retail Business Volume ………………………………………………… 
91,480.32 
85,078.55 
Retail Business Volume per employee: sum of the total of loans to customers, plus deposits from customers and 
Off-balance-sheet funds, over the workforce associated to the banking activity. This measure shows the level of 
business with customers that is under banking employees' management. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million) 
Numerator …… 
Retail Business Volume 
91,480.32 
85,078.55 
Denominator … 
Employees of the Issuer (units) 
5,437 
5,598 
Retail Business Volume per employee ………………………………………… 
16.8 
15.2 
Retail Loan to Deposits (LtD) ratio: credit loans to retail customers in respect of deposits of retail customers. 
This is another relevant indicator in the banking sector as it shows the LtD ratio of the most stable clients. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator……. 
Net loans and advances to customers 
39,100.19 
37,139.77 
Minus 
Reverse repurchase agreements  
- 
347.69 
Denominator .… 
Gross deposits from customers 
46,294.04 
41,273.17 
Minus 
Securitization 
- 
0.11 
Minus 
Repurchase agreements  
2,213.13 
1,340.85 
Minus 
Covered bond issues classified as deposits from customers 
1,539.89 
1,656.55 
Minus 
Other long term funding classified as deposits from customers 
- 
51.74 
Retail Loan to Deposits (LtD) ratio ……………………………………………. 
91.9% 
96.3%

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Return on Average Equity ("ROE"): income to equity. This measure shows the level of profitability that the 
entity contributes to its shareholders. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator …… 
Profit for the period attributable to the owners of the Parent 
160.10 
405.02 
Denominator  … 
Average shareholders' equity (*) 
4,665.45 
4,548.92 
ROE  ………………………………………………………………………………. 
3.4% 
8.9% 
(*)Calculated as the simple average of the amounts of all the quarterly balance sheets for the current year (including the 
balance sheet corresponding to the December of the previous year) as a semi-sum of the extremes. 
Texas Ratio: non-performing assets and non-performing debt securities divided by the sum of paid-up capital, 
share premium, retained earnings, other reserves, risk hedging for debt securities and impairment losses of non-
performing assets. The lower this ratio, the higher the ability of the bank to absorb potential losses arising from 
non-performing assets. 
 
 
December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator  ….. 
NPA 
1,510.40 
1,822.82 
Plus 
Non-performing debt securities 
- 
- 
Denominator  ….. 
Paid-up Capital 
2,476.21 
2,453.66 
Plus 
Share premium 
208.79 
433.90 
Plus 
Retained earnings 
1,708.68 
1,519.74 
Plus 
Other reserves 
(28.47) 
(52.96) 
Plus 
Risk hedging for debt securities 
1.82 
2.03 
Plus 
Accumulated impairment losses of loans of advances to 
customers 
650.23 
593.98 
Plus 
Accumulated impairment losses of foreclosed assets of 
received in payment of debt 
438.51 
477.01 
Texas Ratio …………………………………………………………………….. 
27.7% 
33.6%

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING 
REGULATIONS  
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS 
The regulatory framework regarding the solvency of credit entities (which includes requirements to hold a certain 
level of own funds) ("CRD IV") is established by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms ("CRD IV Directive"), CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures (as this term is defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes). The implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Spain has largely taken place 
through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to EU regulations 
on the subject of supervision and solvency of financial entities, Law 10/2014, Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 
February, implementing Law 10/2014 (the "Royal Decree 84/2015"), and Bank of Spain Circulars 2/2014, of 31 
January, and 2/2016, of 2 February (the "Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016"). 
BRRD, that has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, also establishes 
certain requirements in terms of a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities in relation to total liabilities 
and own funds (known as "MREL"). 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, 
the CRD IV Directive, BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms (the "SRM Regulation"). On 14 May 2019 the text was formally approved by the 
Council of the European Union. On 7 June 2019 the following regulations were published: (i) CRD V Directive 
amending the CRD IV Directive, (ii) BRRD II amending, among other things, the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time 
to time, "CRR II") amending, among other things, the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the "SRM Regulation II") amending the SRM 
Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
(the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM Regulation II, the "EU Banking Reforms"). Most of the 
provisions of the EU Banking Reforms have started to apply. CRD V Directive and BRRD II have been partially 
implemented into Spanish law through RDL 7/2021 which has amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 and 
Law 11/2015. Despite the fact that RDL 7/2021 is generally enforceable since 29 April 2021, the Spanish 
Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process it as a Law and so RDL 7/2021 provisions may be subject to 
changes. Furthermore, full implementation of CRD V Directive and BRRD II still requires approval of the relevant 
amendments to other secondary Spanish regulations, so it is uncertain how such amendments will affect the Bank 
or the holders of the Notes. In addition, there is also uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will be 
implemented and applied by the relevant authorities. 
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of "non preferred" senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, approving 
urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non preferred debt. 
In addition, in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, in June 2020 the European Parliament and the Council of the 
European Union adopted a banking package (the "COVID-19 Banking Package") that provides targeted and 
exceptional legislative changes to CRR II intended to allow credit institutions to fully play their role in managing 
the economic shock that stems from the COVID-19 pandemic by fostering credit flows. The targeted amendments 
concern, among others: (i) the introduction in advance of some capital relief measures for banks under CRR II; 
(ii) changes to the calculation of the leverage ratio; and (iii) changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks 
are required to hold for NPLs under the "prudential backstop".

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD, the SRM Regulation, and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes. The consultation was open until 20 April 2021 
and was split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section 
seeking technical feedback on stakeholders experience with the current framework and the need for changes in 
the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, 
(ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off principle, and 
(iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM Regulation III and DGSD II are to be tabled 
on the fourth quarter of 2021. 
Capital Requirements 
Under CRD IV, ABANCA and the ABANCA Group are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital 
of 8% of RWAs of which at least 4.5% must be CET1 capital and at least 6% must be Tier 1 capital (together, the 
"minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements").  
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD IV Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014, and similarly 
Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions, also contemplates that in addition 
to the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements, the supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover 
other risks. This may result in the imposition of additional capital requirements on ABANCA and/or the 
ABANCA Group pursuant to this "Pillar 2" framework. Following the introduction of the SSM, the ECB is in 
charge of assessing additional P2R through supervisory review and evaluation process (the "SREP") assessments 
to be carried out at least on an annual basis (accordingly requirements may change from year to year). 
In addition to the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with the 
"combined buffer requirement" set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Spain. The "combined buffer 
requirement" has introduced five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: (i) the capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions ("G-SII") buffer, of 
between 1% and 3.5% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer (consisting of the 
weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where the relevant 
credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or higher pursuant to the competent 
authority); (iv) the other systemically important institutions ("O-SII") buffer, which may be as much as 3% of 
RWAs; and (v) the systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks, of at least 1% of RWAs (to 
be set by the competent authority). 
The Bank has not been classified as G-SII or as O-SII by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") nor by any 
competent authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not 
required to maintain the G-SII buffer or the O-SII buffer. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the 
countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the third quarter of 2021 
(requirements will be revised each quarter). Some or all of the other buffers may also apply to the Bank from time 
to time as determined by the Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority. 
As set out in the "Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of "Pillar 1", "Pillar 2" and 
"combined buffer requirements" and restrictions on distributions" published on 16 December 2015, competent 
authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the CET1 capital available 
to meet the "combined buffer requirement" for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined 
below) calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements and the 
P2R of the institution and, accordingly, the "combined buffer requirement" is in addition to the minimum "Pillar 1" 
capital requirement and to the P2R, and therefore it would be the first layer of capital to be eroded pursuant to the 
applicable stacking order. CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be positioned in the relevant stacking order 
of own funds requirements above the Minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements and below the "combined buffer 
requirement" or the leverage ratio buffer requirement, as relevant. In addition, CRD V Directive also clarifies that 
P2R should be set in relation to the specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, 
but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the 
impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution) and it also 
allows the P2R to be partially covered with AT1 and Tier 2 instruments.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
As communicated by the EBA in July 2016 and included in the CRD V Directive, in addition to the minimum 
"Pillar 1" capital requirements, the P2R and the "combined buffer requirements", the supervisor can also set a 
"Pillar 2" capital guidance ("P2G"). Thus, SREP decisions of 2016 onwards differentiate between P2R and P2G. 
While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct legal consequences for the banks, P2G is not 
directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically trigger legal action, even though the ECB expects 
banks to meet P2G. Following this clarification, the clarifications contained in the "EBA Pillar 2 Roadmap" 
(April 2017) and the guidelines on the revised common procedures and methodologies for the SREP and 
supervisor stress testing published by the EBA on 19 July 2018, banks are expected to meet the P2G with CET1 
capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements ("Pillar 1" capital requirements, P2R and the "combined 
buffer requirements"). Under the EU Banking Reforms, the P2G is not relevant for the purposes of triggering the 
automatic restriction of the discretionary payments and calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount. 
CRD V provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the P2G, the competent authority should be 
entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to impose additional own funds requirements. 
In December 2019, the Bank received the decisions of the ECB regarding minimum capital requirements for 2020 
following the outcomes of the most recent SREP. These decisions, which have remained stable for 2021, required 
ABANCA to maintain, on the basis of the consolidated situation of the prior ABANCA Holding and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, a CET1 ratio of 8.75% of RWAs and a total capital ratio of 12.25% of RWAs. These 
ratios include the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements (CET1 ratio of 4.50% of RWAs and total capital ratio 
of 8% of RWAs), the P2R (1.75% of RWAs), and the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of RWAs). Following the 
SREP outcomes, the ECB authorised a reverse merger by which ABANCA absorbed ABANCA Holding (please 
see "Description of ABANCA — History") and therefore the current highest level of consolidation is at ABANCA 
consolidated level (ABANCA Group), thus, the SREP outcomes remain unchanged but applicable to the 
consolidated situation on the ABANCA Group. 
Afterwards, in April 2020, the Bank received a decision, which remains stable for 2021, amending the composition 
of the P2R (allowing the P2R to be held in the form of 56.25% of CET1 capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a 
minimum), that resulted in a CET1 ratio requirement of 7.98% of RWAs and a total capital ratio requirement 
of 12.25% of RWAs. These capital requirements, as amended after the April 2020 decision, include the minimum 
"Pillar 1" capital requirements (CET1 ratio of 4.50% of RWAs and total capital ratio of 8% of RWAs), the P2R 
(CET1 ratio of 0.98% of RWAs, Tier 1 ratio of 1.31% of RWAs and total capital ratio of 1.75% of RWAs), and 
the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of RWAs to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital). 
The table below sets out ABANCA's and the ABANCA Group's CET1 ratios, Tier 1 ratios, total capital ratios as 
of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
Phased in 
Fully Loaded 
 
ABANCA 
ABANCA Group 
ABANCA 
ABANCA Group 
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2020 
13.2% 
13.7% 
12.9% 
13.1% 
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2019 
12.4% 
12.8% 
11.9% 
12.0% 
Tier 1 ratio as at 31 December 2020 
14.0% 
14.5% 
13.7% 
13.9% 
Tier 1 ratio as at 31 December 2019 
13.2% 
13.6% 
12.7% 
12.8% 
Total Capital ratio as at 31 December 2020 
16.2% 
16.7% 
15.9% 
16.1% 
Total Capital ratio as at 31 December 2019 
15.3% 
15.7% 
14.8% 
15.0% 
The ABANCA Group also has a solid capitalisation, with an asset density (i.e., the percentage of RWAs over 
Total Assets) of 44.4% as at 31 December 2020 (52.18% as at 31 December 2019). 
Any failure by the Bank to comply with their regulatory capital requirements could result in the imposition of 
administrative actions or sanctions, such as further P2Rs or the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, 
resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
See "Risk Factors — Risk relating to the ABANCA Group —Legal and Regulatory Risks —Regulatory challenges 
on capital, liquidity or funding requirements". 
Also in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak and in addition to the COVID-19 Banking Package, in March 2020 
the ECB announced temporary measures expected to provide capital relief to banks in support of the economy. 
These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by P2G, the 
"capital conservation buffer" and the LCR and (ii) use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example 
Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to partially meet P2R (as disclosed above). Also on that

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
date, the EBA announced its decision to postpone the EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021 to allow banks to 
prioritise operational continuity and has announced that flexibility will guide supervisory approaches. 
Leverage Ratio 
In addition to the above, Article 429 of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their LR in accordance with the 
methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% Tier 1 LR requirement, 
that has been added to the own funds requirements in Article 92 of the CRR, and which institutions must meet in 
addition to their risk-based requirements.  
The table below sets out ABANCA's and the ABANCA Group's LRs as of 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019: 
 
Phased in 
Fully Loaded 
 
Abanca 
Abanca Group 
Abanca 
Abanca Group 
LR as at 31 December 2020 
6.3% 
6.6% 
6.1% 
6.4% 
LR as at 31 December 2019 
6.8% 
7.0% 
6.5% 
6.6% 
This LR requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described above. Thus, 
any additional own funds requirements imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of excessive leverage 
should be added to the minimum leverage ratio requirement and not to the minimum riskbased own funds 
requirement. Furthermore, institutions should also be able to use any CET1 instruments that they use to meet their 
leverage-related requirements to meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the "combined buffer 
requirement". 
MREL Requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds 
and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(pursuant to BRRD II, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount or the total exposure 
measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance with CRR). The level of capital and eligible 
liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based on the 
resolution plan and other criteria. The resolution authority for ABANCA is the SRB. Eligible liabilities may be 
senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at 
least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted under that 
law (including through contractual provisions). 
In February 2021, the Bank of Spain formally reported on the MREL to be achieved by ABANCA on a 
consolidated basis, which was established by the SRB. In this decision, a binding intermediate MREL requirement 
of 14.77% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount ("TREA") and of 5.25% of the Leverage Ratio Exposure ("LRE") 
have been set, which must be fulfilled on 1 January 2022. The final MREL requirement, which ABANCA must 
meet no later than 1 January 2024, stands at 17.93% of TREA and at 5.25% of LRE. These ratios (both 
intermediate and final requirements) do not include the capital allocated to cover the Combined Buffer 
Requirement (2.5% TREA). The decision of MREL is aligned with the ABANCA's forecasts and the financing 
plan included in its strategic plan. As of 31 December 2020 ABANCA's MREL (not including the capital allocated 
to cover the Combined Buffer Requirement) represented 15.48% of the TREA and 8.18% of the LRE. 
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments for G-SIIs and "top tier" banks involving a minimum "Pillar 1" subordination requirement and an 
institution specific "Pillar 2" subordination requirement. This "Pillar 1" subordination requirement shall be 
satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL instruments (which MREL instruments may not for these 
purposes be senior debt instruments and only MREL instruments constituting "non-preferred" senior debt under 
the new insolvency hierarchy introduced into Spain will be eligible for compliance with the subordination 
requirement as other eligible MREL instruments). Resolution authorities may also impose "Pillar 2" subordination 
requirements (including to institutions not constituting G-SIIs or "top tier" banks), which would be determined on 
a case-by-case basis but subject to certain caps.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
According to the EU Banking Reforms, any failure by an institution to meet the applicable minimum MREL 
requirements will be treated similarly as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements, where 
resolution authorities must ensure that they intervene and place an institution into resolution sufficiently early if 
it is deemed to be failing or likely to fail and there is no reasonable prospect of recovery. 
If any Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) finds that there could exist any obstacles to resolvability 
of the Bank and/or the ABANCA Group, a higher MREL could be imposed. 
Maximum Distributable Amount 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, those entities failing to meet the "combined buffer requirement" or making a distribution in 
connection with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the "combined 
buffer requirement" is no longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, 
(ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions relating 
to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, until the maximum distributable amount calculated according to CRD IV 
(i.e., the firm's "distributable profits", calculated in accordance with CRD IV, multiplied by a factor dependent on 
the extent of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the "Maximum Distributable Amount") has been calculated and 
communicated to the Bank of Spain. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be subject to such 
Maximum Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the "combined buffer requirement" or (b) in relation 
to which the Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 10/2014 aimed at 
strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends. 
In accordance with Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of the Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
restrictions of discretionary payments will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the "combined buffer 
requirement" and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution generated since the last annual decision 
on the distribution of profits. Such calculation will result in a "Maximum Distributable Amount" in each relevant 
period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no 
"discretionary payments" will be permitted to be made. As a consequence, in the event of breach of the "combined 
buffer requirement" (including where additional capital requirements are imposed that have the result of increasing 
the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV) it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments (in whole 
or in part). 
In addition, a new Article 16.a) of the BRRD, as recently amended by BRRD II, better clarifies the stacking order 
between the "combined buffer requirement" and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, a 
resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from making discretionary payments above the 
"maximum distributable amount" for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new 
Article 16.a)(4) of the BRRD (the "MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision") through distribution 
of dividends, variable remuneration and payments to holders of AT1 instruments, where it meets the "combined 
buffer requirement" but fails to meet that "combined buffer requirement" when considered in addition to the 
MREL requirements. The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace period 
whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the MREL-
Maximum Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power 
under such provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). 
Liquidity Requirements 
The ABANCA Group should also comply with the LCR requirements provided in CRR. The LCR is the short-
term indicator which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetisable (cash and the 
readily liquidable securities held by the ABANCA Group) and the net cash imbalance accumulated over a 30-day 
liquidity stress period, it is a quantitative liquidity standard designed to ensure that banks have sufficient high-
quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. Since 1 
January 2018, the entities to which this standard applies (including the ABANCA Group) must comply with 100% 
of the applicable LCR requirement. The LCR of the ABANCA Group was 291% as at 31 December 2020 (217% 
as of 31 December 2019).

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
The BCBS NSFR is the 12-month structural liquidity indicator which corresponds to the ratio between the 
available amount of stable funding and the statutory amount of stable funding. It has been developed to provide a 
sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation 
to their on- and off-balance sheet activities that reduces the likelihood that disruptions to a bank's regular sources 
of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that could increase the risk of its failure. The BCBS 
contemplated in the Basel III phase-in arrangements document that the NSFR, including any revisions, would be 
implemented by member countries as a minimum standard by 1 January 2018, with no phase-in scheduled. The 
EU Banking Reforms contain the implementation of the BCBS standard on NSFR introducing some adjustments. 
The NSFR ratio of the ABANCA Group was 132% as at 31 December 2020 (129% as of 31 December 2019). 
Prudential Treatment of NPLs 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the addendum (the "Addendum") to the ECB Guidance to banks on NPLs 
published on 20 March 2017 (the "NPL Guidance"). The Addendum specifies the ECB's supervisory expectations 
for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs, it is non-binding but will serve as the basis for the supervisory 
dialogue between the significant banks and ECB banking supervision. The ECB will assess any differences 
between banks' practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the Addendum at least annually. 
During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB will discuss with each bank divergences from the prudential 
provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After this dialogue and taking into account the bank's specific 
situation, ECB Banking Supervision will decide, on a case-by-case basis, whether and which supervisory 
measures are appropriate. The result of this dialogue will be incorporated, for the first time, in the 2021 SREP.  
In addition, in a press release dated 11 July 2018, the ECB announced that, in order to address the stock of NPLs 
and with the aim of achieving the same coverage of NPL stock and flow over the medium term, it would set bank-
specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of NPLs. Such supervisory expectations for NPL 
provisioning, which are part of the ongoing supervisory dialogue, will add more pressure on financial results. As 
part of the EU Commission's package of measures aimed at addressing the risks related to high levels of NPLs in 
Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amends CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures 
("NPEs"), introducing a clear set of conditions for the classification of NPEs. This regulation establishes clear 
criteria on the determination of non-performing exposures, the concept of forbearance measures, deduction for 
non-performing exposures and treatment of expected loss amounts. 
Besides the measures contained in the COVID-19 Banking Package, in connection with the measures adopted in 
reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak and more specifically in connection with the measures announced by the ECB 
to ensure that its directly supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations, 
the ECB announced additional measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the treatment of NPLs, in 
particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoriums put in place by public authorities to 
tackle the current distress. In light of that scenario, the EBA has also issued statements regarding the prudential 
framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, classification of exposures under the definition of 
forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their accounting treatment. In particular, the EBA 
has clarified that generalised payment delays due to legislative initiatives and addressed to all borrowers do not 
lead to any automatic classification in default, forborne or unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the 
likeliness to pay should be prioritized) and has clarified the requirements for public and private moratoria, which 
if fulfilled, are expected to help avoid the classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as 
defaulted under distressed restructuring. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWERS BY THE RELEVANT RESOLUTION AUTHORITY UNDER 
LAW 11/2015 AND THE SRM REGULATION 
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) is 
designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound 
or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an "institution") so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on 
the economy and financial system. The BRRD further provides that any extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools is only to be used by a member state as a last resort, after having 
assessed and exploited the other resolution tools set out below to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or 
any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that 
an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that institution's 
control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the FROB, the SRB established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, as the case may be and 
according to Law 11/2015, the Bank of Spain or the CNMV, or any other entity with the authority to exercise any 
such tools and powers from time to time or to perform the role of primary bank resolution authority (each, a 
"Relevant Resolution Authority") as appropriate, considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail in the 
near future, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution (which 
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset separation 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); and (iv) the 
bail-in (which includes certain elements of the Spanish Bail-in Power, as defined below). The bail-in includes the 
ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or 
other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any future 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims and subordinated obligations (including 
capital instruments such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). 
The "Spanish Bail-in Power" is any write down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not limited to 
(i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended from time to time, 
(iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or standards made 
in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such institution or any other 
person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any resulting write down or 
conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; (iii) the 
principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims that do not qualify 
as Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital in accordance with claim ranking set out in the Insolvency Law; and 
(v) the principal or outstanding amount of "bail-inable liabilities" (pasivos susceptibles de recapitalización interna) 
in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (with "non-preferred" ordinary 
claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated claims against the Bank but before the other 
ordinary claims against the Bank). 
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide 
for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity 
capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an institution or a group 
(the "Non-Viability Loss Absorption"). The point of non-viability of an institution is the point at which the 
Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or that it will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided and without such support the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the 
institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at which the group infringes

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
or there are objective elements to support a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its 
consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant Resolution Authority in 
accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in 
combination with any exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where 
the conditions for resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with Article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other bail-inable liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings 
and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend 
payment for a temporary period).

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the issuer's Member State of incorporation might have 
an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Securities. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
SPANISH TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Securities by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Securities. The 
information provided below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does not 
address all the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as look through 
entities or Holders by reason of employment) may be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Securities are 
initially registered for clearance and settlement in Iberclear. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, including 
those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and disposing of the 
Securities. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and 
developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 
of 29 July ("Royal Decree 1065/2007"); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are personal income tax ("PIT") taxpayers, 
Law 35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the CIT Law, Non-Resident 
Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the "PIT Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 
March, approving the PIT Regulations, as amended (the "PIT Regulations") by Royal Decree 633/2015, 
of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 
December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") taxpayers, 
the CIT Law, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the 
"CIT Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident Income 
Tax ("NRIT") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the Consolidated 
Text of the NRIT Law, as amended ("NRIT Law") and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, promulgating 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended ("NRIT Regulations") along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth 
Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
Tax treatment of the Securities 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Holder, the acquisition and transfer of Securities will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated Text 
of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, dated 24 September 1993 and exempt from Value 
Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, dated 28 December 1992 regulating such tax. 
ABANCA understands that the Securities should be deemed as financial assets with an explicit yield for Spanish 
tax purposes, according to Article 91 of the PIT Regulations and Article 63 of the CIT Regulations. 
Direct taxation 
(a) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in each investor's 
savings income and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19% for taxable income 
up to €6,000.00; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000.00; 23% for taxable income 
between €50,000.01 and €200,000.00; and 26% for taxable income in excess of €200,000.00. 
Income from the transfer of the Securities is computed as the difference between their transfer value and 
their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into 
account, insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in the event that the investor had acquired 
other homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, 
shall be included in his or her PIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Securities will 
be deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
A (current) 19% withholding on account of PIT will be imposed by ABANCA on interest payments as 
well as on income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Securities, by individual investors 
subject to PIT. 
However, income derived from the transfer of the Securities should not be subject to withholding on 
account of PIT provided that the Securities are: 
(i) registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as AIAF. 
Notwithstanding the above, 19% withholding tax shall apply on the part of the transfer price that 
corresponds to the accrued interest when the transfer of the Securities takes place within the 30-day 
period prior to the moment in which such interest is due when the following requirements are fulfilled: 
(i) the acquirer would be a non-resident or a CIT taxpayer; 
(ii) the explicit yield derived from the Securities being transferred is exempt from withholding tax. 
In any event, the individual holder may credit the withholding tax applied by ABANCA against his or 
her final PIT liability for the relevant tax year.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
Reporting Obligations 
ABANCA will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to 
beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)), individuals with tax residency in Spain would be 
subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions 
provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they 
should take into account the value of the Securities which they hold as of 31 December in each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable rates range between 7.65% and 81.6%, although the final 
tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws. Some tax benefits could reduce the 
effective tax rate. 
(b) 
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities are subject to CIT at the current general flat tax rate of 25%. 
However, this general rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply 
to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special rates apply in respect of certain 
types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
No withholding on account of CIT will be imposed on interest payments or on income derived from the 
redemption or repayment of the Securities, by Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that certain requirements 
are met (including that the Iberclear participating entities (the "Iberclear Members") that have the 
Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that 
manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, provide 
ABANCA, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed Payment Statement, as defined 
below). See "— Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income Payments". 
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in accordance with Article 61.q of the 
CIT regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income derived from the Securities obtained by 
Spanish CIT taxpayers (which include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident 
pension funds) provided that the Securities are: 
(i) registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market, such as AIAF. 
Reporting Obligations 
ABANCA will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to 
beneficial owners of the Securities that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but generally must include 
the market value of the Securities in their taxable income for CIT purposes. 
(c) 
Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain 
(i) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, acting in respect of the Securities through 
a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
If the Securities form part of the assets affected to a permanent establishment in Spain of a person 
or legal entity that is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Securities are, generally, the same as those set forth above for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. See "—Spanish tax resident legal entities–Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)". 
Ownership of the Securities by investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Reporting Obligations 
ABANCA will comply with the reporting obligations set forth under Spanish tax laws with 
respect to beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals or legal entities not resident in 
Spain for tax purposes and that act with respect to the Securities through a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
(ii) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, not acting in respect of the Securities 
through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Both interest payments periodically received under the Securities and income derived from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Securities, obtained by individuals or entities who are 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Securities, through 
a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT and therefore no withholding on 
account of NRIT will be levied on such income provided certain requirements are met. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from NRIT, certain requirements must be met (including 
that, in respect of interest payments from the Securities carried out by ABANCA, the Iberclear 
Members that have the Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, 
as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an 
agreement with Iberclear, provide ABANCA, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement, as defined below), as set forth in Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007. See "—Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income 
Payments". 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to ABANCA in a timely manner in respect of a payment of 
interest under the Securities, ABANCA will withhold Spanish withholding tax at the applicable

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
rate (currently 19%) on such payment of income on the Securities and ABANCA will not pay 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding tax. 
A beneficial owner who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption from 
NRIT, but to whom payment was not exempt from Spanish withholding tax due to a failure on 
the delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement to ABANCA, will receive a 
refund of the amount withheld, with no need for action on the beneficial owner's part, if 
ABANCA receives a duly executed and completed Payment Statement no later than the tenth 
calendar day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. 
In addition, beneficial owners of the Securities may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities 
for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the NRIT 
Law and its regulations. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although 
some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Securities which income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes but who are resident in an EU or 
European Economic Area member state may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region 
where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be 
fulfilled. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over 
the Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has 
entered into a double tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant 
double tax treaty. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax applies, 
applicable Inheritance and Gift Tax rates would range between 7.65% and 81.6%, depending on 
relevant factors. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax according 
to the rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to 
NRIT. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the 
taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
(d) 
Compliance with certain requirements in connection with income payments 
As described under "Spanish tax resident legal entities—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)", "— Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain", provided the

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
conditions set forth in Law 10/2014 are met, income payments made by ABANCA in respect of the 
Securities for the benefit of Spanish CIT taxpayers, or for the benefit of non-Spanish tax resident 
investors will not be subject to Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Iberclear Members that have 
the Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that 
manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, 
provide ABANCA, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed statement (a "Payment 
Statement") (which is attached as Annex I), in accordance with section 4 of Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, containing the following information: 
(i) Identification of the Securities. 
(ii) Total amount of the income paid by ABANCA. 
(iii) Amount of the income corresponding to individual residents in Spain that are PIT taxpayers. 
(iv) Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and completed 
Payment Statement to ABANCA in a timely manner in respect of a payment of income made by 
ABANCA under the Securities, such payment will be made net of Spanish withholding tax, currently at 
the rate of 19% If this were to occur, affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Iberclear Members submit a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to ABANCA no later than the tenth calendar day of the month 
immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, beneficial owners may apply directly to 
the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
Prospective investors should note that ABANCA does not accept any responsibility relating to the 
lack of delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement by the Iberclear Members 
in connection with each payment of income under the Securities. Accordingly, ABANCA will not 
be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would otherwise be entitled 
to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid 
net of Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly delivered to ABANCA. 
Moreover, ABANCA will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding tax.  
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within 
this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("EU FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Under the Commission's proposal, EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It was 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of the so-
called enhanced cooperation process.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1% tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for derivatives that 
would be subject to a minimum 0.01% tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over €1 billion. 
However, the Commission's proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate and participating Members States may withdraw.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
THE SPANISH FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX  
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish financial tax (the "Spanish FTT") was approved on 7 
October 2020 (the "FTT Law") and the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial 
del Estado) on 16 October 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT 
Law in the Spanish Official Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021). 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies whose 
market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved in the 
transaction. The tax payer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase order and must submit 
an annual tax return. 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of each year 
will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' website before 31 December each year. For the purposes of 
transactions closed during 2021, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose market capitalization 
exceeded €1 billion as of 16 December 2020, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish FTT. 
In principle, the FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds or debt or similar instruments.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish 
FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, including whether withholding would ever be

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Securities, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y 
de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra que 
proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book-entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by ABANCA. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores 
1.1 
Identification of the securities 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso 
intervenga una Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved  
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su 
importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to 
be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores  
2.1 
Identification of the securities 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)  
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados)  
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de …

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia. 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall 
be included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Securities may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers. The arrangements under which 
Securities may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, dealers are set out in a 
Programme Agreement dated 15 July 2021 (the "Programme Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the 
Arranger. If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single 
dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that dealer and any other interest of 
that dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that dealer will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those 
dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations 
of those dealers to subscribe the relevant Securities will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
dealers and any other interests of any of those dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of those dealers (including whether any of those dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, the 
price at which such Securities will be subscribed by the dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the Arranger and for the appointment of additional 
or other dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Spain 
The Securities may not be sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Securities be carried out in Spain 
other than by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law and related 
legislation to provide investment services in Spain, and except in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that the offers of Securities in Spain have been and will only be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as defined in Article 205 of the Spanish 
Securities Market Law and Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible counterparties 
(contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer,

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Security in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Security in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
The Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell 
or deliver Securities, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Securities comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Securities comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
General 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses, distributes or 
publishes this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by ABANCA and the Arranger to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Securities or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Securities, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
MARKET INFORMATION 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
such as the Securities of ABANCA. 
Iberclear 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form, and the settlement of all trades from the Spanish Stock Exchanges, Latibex (the Latin American stock 
exchange denominated in Euro), the Book-Entry Public Debt Market, BME Growth, the Alternative Fixed Income 
Market (MARF) and AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platforms named ARCO. 
Iberclear is owned by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas Financieros, S.A. 
("BME"), a holding company, which holds a 100 per cent. interest in each of the Spanish official secondary 
markets and settlement systems. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two-tier registry: the keeping of the central record corresponds 
to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades participantes) 
in Iberclear. 
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) the 
General Administration and the General Social Security Treasury, (v) other duly authorised central securities 
depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private entities when 
expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the balances 
of the participating entities' proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that will show 
the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts opened in the 
name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of financial 
intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in turn, 
maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
• 
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name; 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO, receives the settlement instructions and forwards them to the relevant participating entities involved in 
each transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled 
within two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner's request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities held 
in their name.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
MARKET INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES 
Iberclear settlement of securities traded on AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the book-
entry register of securities traded on AIAF. 
Securities traded on AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Spanish Treasury and Spanish regions, among others, 
represented either in a dematerialised form or by certificates. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous transactions 
(two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading on AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a "transaction-to-
transaction" cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear 
may hold their investment in the Securities through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. with participating entities in Iberclear.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
1. 
ABANCA and the undersigned, Mr Juan Luis Vargas-Zúñiga de Mendoza, in his capacity as Chief 
Investment Officer (Director General de Mercado de Capitales, Gestión y Distribución) of ABANCA 
and Mr Alberto Manuel de Francisco Guisasola, in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer (Director 
General de Finanzas) of ABANCA, accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and declare, to the best of their knowledge, that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus contains no omissions likely to 
affect its import. 
Authorisation 
2. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 26 March 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Securities. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of ABANCA. 
4. Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, since 31 March 2021 there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or in the financial performance of the ABANCA Group. 
Auditors 
5. 
The 2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts 
have been audited without qualification by KPMG Auditores, S.L., independent auditors.  
The Spanish-language condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the ABANCA Group as 
of and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 have been subject to a limited review by KPMG 
Auditores, S.L., independent auditors. 
6. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L.'s office is at Paseo de la Castellana 259 C, 28046, Madrid (Spain) and is registered 
with the Official Registry for Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas (ROAC)) under 
number S0702. 
Certain information on the financial information 
7. 
The 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders' Meeting 
of ABANCA held on 29 June 2020. 
The 2020 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders' Meeting 
of ABANCA held on 28 June 2021. 
The 2021 Consolidated First Quarter Interim Financial Statements were drafted (fueron formulados) by 
the Board of Directors of ABANCA on its meeting held on 26 April 2021. 
8. 
The audit reports for the 2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts and for the 2020 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts do not contain qualifications, modifications of opinions, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
Third party information 
9. 
Information included in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced, 
and so far as ABANCA is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Documents on Display 
10. 
Electronic copies of the bylaws (Estatutos Sociales) of ABANCA (as the same may be updated from 
time to time) may be inspected on ABANCA's website for the 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: www.abancacorporacionbancaria.com. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
A copy of the Deed of Covenant may be inspected on ABANCA's corporate address for the 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Material Contracts 
11. 
There are no contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of business which could result in any 
ABANCA Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the ability of 
ABANCA to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Securities may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Securities or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Securities, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the 
first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue 
date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Listing 
13. 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. Securities 
may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
(either Spanish, European or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities 
or any other organised markets) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers in relation to the 
Series. The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges and/or markets the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. No unlisted Securities may be issued under the 
Programme. 
14. 
The Issuer shall procure the admission to trading of the Securities issued under the Programme within a 
maximum period of 30 days from the issue date of the relevant issuance. 
Paying agency 
15. 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Securities will be carried out 
directly by ABANCA through Iberclear. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 
28014 Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
Stabilisation 
16. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Conflicts of Interest  
17. 
Certain of the dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Securities issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Securities issued under the Programme. 
The dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms will contain information on the interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issuances. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
18. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
SIGNATURES 
In witness to their knowledge and approval of the contents of this Base Prospectus drawn up according to 
Annexes 7 and 15 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, it is hereby signed by Mr Juan Luis 
Vargas-Zúñiga de Mendoza, in his capacity as Chief Investment Officer (Director General de Mercado de 
Capitales, Gestión y Distribución) of the Bank, and Mr Alberto Manuel de Francisco Guisasola, in his capacity 
as Chief Financial Officer (Director General de Finanzas) of the Bank, in A Coruña, on 15 July 2021.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. 
Calle Cantón Claudino Pita, 2 
Betanzos 
A Coruña 
Spain 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 
92547 Montrouge, 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer  
as to Spanish and English law  
To the Arranger and Dealer  
as to Spanish and English law  
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Allen & Overy 
Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
AUDITORS TO ABANCA 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 
28046, Madrid 
Spain