--- Page 1 ---
10251158530-v20 
- i - 
66-41049013 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
 
 
 
FINAL VERSION 
 
ABERTIS INFRAESTRUCTURAS, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of Ireland"), which is the Irish competent authority for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended ("MiFID II"). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. This 
Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of 
their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the 
light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers 
to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, 
financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and 
are not relying on the advice of the Issuer or any Dealer in that regard. For example, investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of Fixed Rate Notes. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth herein under "Risk 
Factors" prior to making investment decisions with respect to the Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 2 ---
10251158530-v20 
- ii - 
66-41049013 
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. MORGAN 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING (SCIB) 
 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
CAIXABANK 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO 
J.P. MORGAN 
 
MEDIOBANCA 
MIZUHO  
 
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
 
UNICREDIT 
 
9 March 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10251158530-v20 
- iii - 
66-41049013 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "Company" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the 
"Group") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to 
the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, for which a prospectus is required in connection with the issue of such 
Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the "Final Terms") or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus"). Each Tranche of Notes, for which no prospectus is required in 
connection with the issue of such Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or with Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), will be issued on the terms set out in the 
Conditions, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a document specific to such Tranche called a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). Any reference to the Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) unless the context requires otherwise. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable), each reference in this Base Prospectus to (i) information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and (ii) terms as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such terms being supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see "Information Incorporated by Reference").

--- Page 4 ---
10251158530-v20 
- iv - 
66-41049013 
 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale".  
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
With respect to Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes", none of the Dealers will verify or monitor if 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy the investors' requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition, the EVCP Condition, the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and the EVCP Increase Threshold (each as defined in the Conditions) with the investment 
requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €12,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
10251158530-v20 
- v - 
66-41049013 
 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "Sterling" or "£" are to the currency of the UK.

--- Page 6 ---
10251158530-v20 
- vi - 
66-41049013 
 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued, endorsed or certified by a credit rating agency 
(i) established in the EEA and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and/or issued, endorsed or certified by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered or certified under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation  
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Second Party Opinions and External Verification 
In connection with the issue of Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes" under the Programme, the Issuer 
has requested a specialised agency to issue a second-party opinion (a "Second-Party Opinion") confirming the 
adherence of the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles administered by the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA"). See "Information on the 
Group – Recent Developments" below for additional information on the Second-Party Opinion issued by 
Sustainalytics on 13 June 2022. In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the 
Programme, the Issuer will engage an Assurance Provider (as defined in the Conditions) to carry out the relevant 
assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, pursuant to Condition 10 (Step Up Event) and Condition 12 (Redemption Premium Event). Each such 
Second-Party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible through the Issuer's website. However, any 
information on, or accessible through, the Issuer's website and the information in such opinions or report or any 
past or future Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection 
with making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, 
assurance or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their affiliates, second party opinion 
providers or the Assurance Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
report, assurance or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such opinion, report, assurance or certification and any other document 
related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from 
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
the Issuer expects to operate in the future.

--- Page 7 ---
10251158530-v20 
- vii - 
66-41049013 
 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of 
the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10251158530-v20 
 
66-41049013 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ..........................................................................................................................iii 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ...................... 34 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................... 41 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 93 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................. 109 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...... 125 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 127 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY ............................................................................................... 128 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP ..................................................................................................... 130 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 160 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................... 167 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................ 173

--- Page 9 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 1 - 
66-41049013 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including the documents incorporated by reference, by any investor. 
Words and expressions defined under the headings "Form of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any Dealers that Notes may 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein, in which 
event, in the case of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of 
Exempt Notes only and if appropriate, a supplementary prospectus or drawdown prospectus will be published 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such change, or such additional terms 
will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer: 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., incorporated as a limited liability 
company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain. 
Risk Factors: 
The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas and J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A, 
J.P. Morgan S.E., Mediobanca S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, Société Générale 
and UniCredit Bank AG. 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to admit the Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) to be issued under the Programme to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will state where the relevant Notes will be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement.  
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) aggregate 
principal amount outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series shall all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date, the issue price and the amount of the first payment of interest 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each

--- Page 10 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 2 - 
66-41049013 
 
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic 
Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global 
note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to 
any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt 
of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(i) 
Individual Note Certificates; or 
(ii) 
one or more Global Registered Notes 
The Global Registered Note may be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
which case it shall be and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as 
common safekeeper. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and in the event of 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless they qualify as 
subordinated debts under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 
May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the "Spanish 
Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in 
the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will

--- Page 11 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 3 - 
66-41049013 
 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with 
all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. The price and amount of the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with the prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof or in such other manner as may be specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus and the method of 
calculating the interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Subject to Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions - other than 
Floating Rate Notes applying screen Rate Determination and 
referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR), Floating Rate Notes will bear 
interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and 
any successor thereto), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or  
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 12 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 4 - 
66-41049013 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default (as defined 
below)) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year". 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in the Conditions.

--- Page 13 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 5 - 
66-41049013 
 
Redemption on Change of 
Control or Material Asset Sale: 
Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a Change of 
Control Put Event (where the relevant Final Terms so specify) 
and/or a Material Asset Sale Put Event (all as defined below), to 
require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par 
plus accrued interest, as further described in Conditions 11(f) 
(Change of Control Put Option) and 11(g) (Material Asset Sale Put 
Option). 
Clean-up Call Option: 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether the Issuer has a 
Clean-up Call Option. See Condition 11(i) (Clean-up Call Option). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described above, early redemption will only be permitted 
for tax reasons as described in Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale – Other 
UK regulatory restrictions ", and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in either a Member 
State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus either under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in 
another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or 
by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
There will be a cross-default in respect of the Notes (as set out in 
Condition 17 (Events of Default)) 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Spain, unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, subject as provided in Condition 
16 (Taxation) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no withholding been required. 
Information requirements under 
Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Issuer is required to provide the Spanish tax 
authorities with certain information relating to the Notes in a timely 
manner. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under "Taxation—The Kingdom of Spain—
Reporting obligation", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax 
(as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.).

--- Page 14 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 6 - 
66-41049013 
 
If this were to occur, affected Noteholders will receive a refund of 
the amount withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the 
Fiscal Agent submits the required information to the Issuer no later 
than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately following the 
relevant payment date. In addition, Noteholders may apply directly 
to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be 
entitled. The Issuer will not pay additional amounts in respect of 
any such withholding tax. 
 
Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or the Clearing Systems accept any responsibility relating 
to the procedures established for the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. 
Substitution: 
Subject to certain conditions, the Issuer, or any previous substituted 
company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company that is a 
Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Issuer, as further described in 
Condition 19 (Substitution). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (except in relation to Condition 4 (Status), which shall 
be governed by Spanish law), the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement and the Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be 
governed by English law.  
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes, individual 
investors' rights against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of 
Covenant dated on or around 9 March 2023, a copy of which will 
be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Ratings: 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3)  provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 15 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 7 - 
66-41049013 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material 
(including in the United States, the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of 
Spain, Belgium, the Republic of Italy, Japan and Singapore), see 
"Subscription and Sale " below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes including the repayment or 
refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect of a 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 8 - 
66-41049013 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Only risks which are specific and material to the Issuer and to the Notes are included herein as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation. In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the 
Issuer's business risks, legal and regulatory risks and economic and market risks, as well as risks relating to 
the structure of a particular issue of Notes, risks related to interest payments, other risks relating to Notes and 
risks related to the market generally. The Issuer's assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on 
the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of 
the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Group that are not currently known 
to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to its industry for which reason have 
not been included herein may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the Issuer or the Group. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented 
first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality 
or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk 
factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. Words and expressions defined 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which it operates  
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, net toll revenues comprised 92.1 per cent. of the Group's revenues. If 
the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of vehicle traffic on its toll roads, the Group's toll receipts, 
and profitability will suffer. The toll receipts collected by the Group depend on the level of tariffs and the 
volume of traffic using its toll roads. Such receipts are also directly linked to toll rate increases and customers' 
reactions to higher tolls. Even if the Group increases the volume of traffic on its roads, it must also ensure that 
its road portfolio has the capacity to absorb traffic and avoid congestion or consumers will look for alternative 
routes. 
Traffic volumes and toll receipts depend on a number of factors, including:  
• 
the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or toll roads that are managed by the 
Group's competitors; 
• 
the quality, safety, and state of repair of the Group's toll roads; 
• 
the wider economic climate (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by the 
deterioration of global economic conditions and political stability") and fuel prices; 
• 
environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor vehicle use in order to reduce air 
pollution); and 
• 
the popularity and existence of alternative means of transportation, including air transport and public 
transport such as trains and buses. 
In addition, competition from alternative transport routes could affect the volume of traffic on the toll roads 
operated by the Group. In certain cases, the creation of new roads which create an alternative transport route 
to a toll road may give a member of the Group the right to receive compensation, restoring the economic 
balance of its concessions. However, the impact of an increase in the number and attractiveness of alternative 
routes could outweigh any potential compensation. If the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of 
traffic on its roads, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 9 - 
66-41049013 
 
The Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs on its toll roads beyond certain limits 
In addition to the volume of traffic on its toll roads, the income generated from the Group's toll roads depends 
on its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each individual concession 
agreement. In the majority of cases, the Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs beyond 
certain limits, normally the rate of inflation. In the current inflationary environment affecting all the 
jurisdictions where Abertis has presence, the concession grantors may seek to limit tariff increases which are 
contractually applicable. These contractual adjustments would be expected to be compensated with cash 
payments or by other means, which may in some cases result in delayed or partial tariff increases. 
During the life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also unilaterally impose additional 
restrictions on the tariff rates and refuse to compensate the Group for any losses that might result from such 
changes to the concession agreement. Whilst the Group may try to renegotiate the terms of a concession 
agreement, the Group cannot guarantee that any such negotiation will be successful and can give no assurance 
that the toll rate the Group is authorised to charge will guarantee an adequate level of profitability. 
The Group has substantial indebtedness (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level 
of indebtedness"), much of which is related to costs incurred as a result of operating and expansion activity. 
The Group seeks to cover money spent on its investments principally from its toll road receipts. If the 
assumptions underlying the Group's financial models prove to be incorrect and the revenues generated are not 
sufficient to cover its costs, the Group may be unable to increase tariffs due to inflexible concession terms or 
reduce its costs to remain profitable, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Toll road concessions have a limited duration and the Group may not be able to extend or replace its 
concession agreements 
There can be no guarantee that the Group's concession agreements will be renewed or extended and when a 
concession agreement ends the Group must, at its own expense, return the infrastructure to the competent 
governmental authority or owner, in an adequate state of repair, together with any assets and facilities required 
for operation. 
In addition, under the laws of certain countries in which the Group operates, certain governments may 
unilaterally terminate or repurchase concessions in the public interest, subject to judicial supervision. If a 
governmental authority exercises its option to terminate or repurchase any of the Group's concessions, in 
general it will receive the compensation provided by law or contract to cover its anticipated profits for the 
remaining duration of the concession agreement. However, there can be no assurances that any compensation 
would be sufficient to make up for the loss of the concession. In extreme cases a sovereign government could 
take action contrary to the Group's rights under the relevant concession agreement, for example by unilaterally 
terminating, changing the terms of, expropriating or even disputing the validity of the concessions. The Group 
carries out a large part of its operations in developed countries where the risk that the sovereign government 
will take actions of such nature tends to be low, but the Group also has operations in emerging markets such 
as Brazil, Chile and Argentina and cannot give any assurance that governments (in an emerging market or 
otherwise) will not legislate, impose regulations or change applicable laws or act contrary to the law in a way 
that would materially adversely affect its business. Each concession agreement has different provisions 
regarding the compensation to be provided if the concession is terminated before the end of its term, whether 
such termination be with or without cause. If it is unable to negotiate and receive adequate compensation for 
terminated or repurchased concessions, the Group's revenues in the future may be reduced. 
If the Group's concession agreements come to an end because it has been unable to extend the duration of its 
concessions or for any other reason and the Group is unable to replace any concessions that have expired or 
terminated with new concessions on equally favourable terms, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group continues to be exposed to risks and challenges related to the spread of COVID-19 such as its 
negative impact on the global economy 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the spread of the novel coronavirus (named COVID-
19 by the World Health Organisation) a global pandemic. The majority of the Group's operations are 
concentrated in countries that have been exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic. Most governments in such 
regions introduced containment and social distancing measures and, to a lesser extent, border closures to limit

--- Page 18 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 10 - 
66-41049013 
 
the spread of the virus, which severely restricted the mobility of the population and economic activity in 
general. 
Since the first quarter of 2020 and during 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global 
economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity, and capital markets valuations, created significant 
volatility and disruption in financial markets and increased unemployment levels. The outbreak led to a 
weakening in gross domestic product in many of the regions in which the Group operates and to a more adverse 
economic scenario than before the onset of the pandemic.  
In particular, the strict social confinement measures adopted by the governments to prevent the spread of the 
virus caused an adverse impact on demand for the Group's toll road services and a notable decrease in traffic 
levels, including in France and Spain, two of the Group's biggest markets. From 1 January to 31 December 
2021, the Group's internal figures showed decreases in average daily traffic ("ADT") (number of vehicles) 
compared to the equivalent period in 2019 of -4.8 per cent. for the whole Group, -10.2 per cent. in France, -
13.0 per cent. in Spain, -10.3 per cent. in Italy, +0.7 per cent. in Brazil and -1.8 per cent. in Chile (Source: 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.). 
In 2022, the pandemic continued to affect the global economy, particularly in China, where outbreaks and 
lockdowns suppressed its growth. Despite the progress made in the vaccination processes against COVID-19 
pandemic, the economic and social impact of the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in the future is uncertain. 
From 1 January to 31 December 2022, the Group's internal figures showed an improvement in ADT (number 
of vehicles) compared to the equivalent period in 2021 of 8.2 per cent. for the whole Group, 10.7 per cent. in 
France, 7.6 per cent. in Mexico, 9.8 per cent. in Spain, 10.1 per cent. in Italy, 3.2 per cent. in Brazil and 11.5 
per cent. in Chile (Source: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.). This improvement in turn has a positive effect on 
the toll net receipts, which form a substantive part of the Group's revenues. In the year ended 31 December 
2022, net toll revenues comprised 92.1 per cent. of the Group's revenues and the Group's two biggest markets, 
France, and Mexico, accounted for 37.1 per cent. and 11.5 per cent. of the Group's total revenues for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, respectively. 
The Group continues to monitor the potential impact of COVID-19 on its business and operations. The 
continuing economic recovery in 2023 from the severe shock caused to the global economy by the pandemic 
depends on a number of factors, including the pandemic's impact on macroeconomic conditions and financial 
markets globally and the duration and future development of containment measures, based on the severity and 
transmissibility of the various variants of the virus, the effectiveness of vaccines and treatment strategies and 
the general public health situation in the countries concerned. For example, in addition to the adverse impact 
relating to the decrease in traffic levels, the Group could suffer disruptions due to its agents, partners, 
subcontractors or suppliers being unable to meet their current commitments because of restrictions or other 
challenges related to COVID-19. The Group's inability to reduce the impact of the foregoing could have a 
material and adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
The Group operates in a competitive industry 
The Group, in its ordinary course of business, competes in tender processes against various groups and 
companies. It is difficult to predict whether the Group will be awarded new contracts due to multiple factors 
such as qualifications, reputation and customer relationships, and the ability to fulfil the contract in a timely, 
safe, and cost-efficient manner. Furthermore, these groups and companies may have more experience or local 
awareness than the Group does and may have greater resources than the Group, whether material, technical or 
financial, or may demand lower returns on investment and be able to present better technical or economic bids 
compared to it. The Group may have to invest heavily to keep up to speed with market trends and technological 
developments or risk that its toll roads become obsolete or be perceived to be less safe than those of its 
competitors or that its services are not competitive. Given this high level of competition, the Group may be 
unable to secure contracts for new concessions or to extend its current concession agreements. If the Group is 
unable to obtain contracts for new concessions in order to sustain a revenue stream in line with the current 
ones, or if future concessions are only awarded under less favourable terms than the concessions the Group 
currently has, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group may also be subject to competition from other forms of transport, improvements of 
existing road networks, construction of new road or motorway connections or competition from toll-free 
networks.

--- Page 19 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 11 - 
66-41049013 
 
The Group participates in competitive tender processes that may require regulatory authorisation 
procedures that can generate significant expense with no assurance of success 
The Group constantly seeks to identify additional attractive concessions to continue to grow. The Group incurs 
certain third-party costs, including in connection with financing, valuations and professional services 
associated with the sourcing and analysis of suitable concessions. Once a suitable target has been identified, 
the Group is granted many of its concessions on the basis of a competitive process. The Group may invest 
significant resources in a project or tender bid without winning the contract, incurring costs as well as losing 
growth opportunities. In addition, the Group may also need to obtain or renew various regulatory permits or 
authorisations. Authorisation procedures for activities with a large environmental footprint are even more 
challenging as they often entail in-depth studies and public inquiries. The complexity of these procedures has 
tended to increase over the years, which has increased costs and, in some cases, has even led the Group to 
abandon certain potential projects. Lost growth opportunities and the associated costs described above could 
have an adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to risks related to its international operations 
The Group has ramped up its international expansion in recent years and it plans to continue the geographical 
expansion of its businesses into new countries and markets that it believes will contribute to the Group's future 
performance. In the year ended 31 December 2022, 90.0 per cent. of the Group's revenue was generated outside 
of Spain, primarily in France, Brazil, Chile, and Mexico (82.0 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021), 
with 42.9 per cent. of the Group's revenue being generated outside of Europe (38.1 per cent. in the year ended 
31 December 2021). The revenues and market values of companies within the Group are exposed to risks 
inherent to the countries where they operate. The operations in some of the countries where the Group is 
present (including the Group's operations in emerging markets) may be exposed to risks related to investments 
and business, such as: 
• 
fluctuations in local economic growth; 
• 
changes in inflation rates; 
• 
devaluation, depreciation, or excessive valuation of local currencies; 
• 
foreign exchange controls or restrictions on profit repatriation; 
• 
changes in interest rates; 
• 
changes in economic and tax policies; 
• 
instances of fraud, bribery, or corruption; 
• 
social conflicts; and 
• 
political and macroeconomic instability. 
In particular, the Group's business is sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone and the geopolitical 
uncertainty originated by, among others, Russia's invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022 and 
the resulting increased tensions between Russia and members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation 
(NATO), the EU and other states that have led to the imposition of comprehensive trade sanctions targeting 
Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions, as well as the countersanctions imposed by 
Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and Russia, which 
has led to increased commodity prices on global markets for oil, natural gas and grain, among other products. 
The combined effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the above mentioned sanctions are likely to have 
significant adverse macro-economic effects with impact in the Group's business. There is a risk that lower 
business and consumer confidence and activity and an energy-fuelled inflation shock could result in higher 
unemployment rates and lower global economic growth at a time when the global economy is still recovering 
from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, higher fuel costs as a result of inflation may result 
in lower traffic volumes on the Group’s toll roads and so have an adverse effect on the Group’s tariff revenues. 
For example, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank ("ECB") has raised its inflation

--- Page 20 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 12 - 
66-41049013 
 
projections and cut its growth outlook as the conflict in Ukraine is likely to keep commodity prices high, 
weakening households' purchasing power and firms' ability to invest. 
The Group cannot guarantee that it will not be subject to material adverse developments with respect to its 
international operations or that any insurance coverage it has will compensate it for any losses arising from 
such risks. International expansion is not always successful and has inherent risks and costs. Any investments 
in foreign or domestic companies may result in increased complexity of the operations of the Group and the 
need to obtain tax and legal advice in each jurisdiction. The process of integration may require additional 
investments and expenses. Difficulties or failure in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services, 
corporate culture, quality standards, policies and procedures, failure to achieve expected synergies, and 
adverse operating issues that are not discovered prior to acquiring the relevant concession, as well as 
insufficient indemnification from the selling parties for legal liabilities incurred by the acquired companies 
prior to the acquisitions and the incurrence of significant indebtedness, could all make international expansion 
less successful. Furthermore, the Group may have difficulty hiring experts or qualified executives or 
employees willing or able to work in the countries in which it wishes to expand. The Group is exposed to these 
risks in all of its foreign operations to some degree, and such exposure could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time 
The Group's strategy aims to expand in the core markets of Europe, North America, and Latin America, as 
well as seeking opportunities in other geographies with a solid concession framework and as a result the Group 
may engage in acquisitions, investments, and disposals of interests from time to time. There can be no 
assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of 
risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group's operating income, risks associated with unanticipated 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been disclosed during due 
diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, technologies, systems, 
services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a change of control 
of an acquired company. 
The Group's due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the acquisition of or 
investment in a new business or asset 
Prior to entering into agreements for acquisitions, the Group generally performs due diligence in respect of a 
proposed investment, but such inspection by its nature is limited. The assets acquired by the Group may be 
subject to hidden material defects that were not apparent or discovered or otherwise considered by the Group 
at the time of acquisition. To the extent the Group or other third parties underestimated or failed to identify 
risks and liabilities associated with the acquisition of a new business or asset, the Group may incur, directly 
or indirectly, unexpected liabilities, such as defects in title, an inability to obtain approvals or licenses enabling 
the Group to use the underlying infrastructure as intended, environmental, structural, or operational defects or 
liabilities requiring remediation. 
Failure to identify any defects, liabilities or risks could result in the Group having acquired assets which are 
not consistent with its investment strategy which are difficult to integrate with the rest of the Group's business 
or which fail to perform in accordance with expectations, and/or adversely affect the Group's reputation, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may result in costs and difficulties 
beyond those foreseen 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may prove to be more difficult and 
expensive and the benefits derived from, and/or costs associated with, such integration may not be in line with 
expectations. The diversion of the management team's attention from their other responsibilities as a result of 
the need to deal with integration issues could also have an adverse effect on the Group's business. If the 
Company is not able to manage the broader organisation efficiently, it could lose key customers and fail to 
achieve full integration of the assets and resources of the new business, respectively, which could in turn have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 21 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 13 - 
66-41049013 
 
The interests of the Group's shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of Notes 
The Group's parent company, Abertis Holdco, S.A., has three shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds 
a 50 per cent. stake plus one share, ACS Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. ("ACS") holds a 30 
per cent. stake and its subsidiary Hochtief has a 20 per cent. stake minus one share. Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief 
on 23 March 2018 entered into a shareholder agreement (which was subsequently amended on 23 October 
2018) whose terms would affect the management, financial policy, and operation of the Company. The 
principal terms of the originally signed shareholder agreement were disclosed to the Spanish Market Securities 
Commision (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, the "CNMV") and made public as part of Hochtief's 
voluntary takeover offer for the Company. The Company is not party to such shareholder agreement and such 
agreement may be subject to changes or termination in the future. 
In addition, the interests of the Group's shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with interests of 
holders of Notes. The Group's shareholders have, and will continue to have, directly or indirectly, the power, 
among other things, to affect its legal and capital structure and its day-to-day operations, and to approve any 
other changes to its operations. For example, the Group's shareholders could direct the Group to incur 
additional indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividend distributions. The interests of the 
Group's shareholders could conflict with interests of holders of Notes, particularly if the Group encounters 
financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. The Group's shareholders could also have an 
interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions or other transactions that, in 
their judgement, could enhance their equity investments although such transactions might involve risks to the 
holders of Notes. In addition, the Group's shareholders may own businesses that compete directly with the 
Group's business. Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may suffer losses in excess of insurance proceeds, if any, or from uninsurable events 
Accidents may occur at the Group's projects, for example a motorway bridge could collapse, which may 
severely disrupt the operations and damage the reputation of the Group. The Group's toll roads and other assets 
may suffer physical damage resulting in losses (including loss of revenue) which may not be compensated for 
by insurance, either fully or at all. In addition, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic 
nature, that may be uninsurable or are not economically insurable. The insurance policy may also not cover 
lost income, reinstatement costs, increased expenses, reputational damage, or other liabilities. Moreover, there 
can be no assurance that if the Group's current insurance cover is cancelled or not renewed replacement cover 
will be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
Any material uninsured losses may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Events outside of the Issuer's control may decrease toll revenues or generate significant additional costs 
Exceptional events including natural disasters (such as landslides or earthquakes) and climate conditions (such 
as snow, freezing rain or floods), multiple-vehicle accidents, criminal acts or other external factors (such as 
requisitions by the government, road haulage or employees strikes, demonstrations at toll collection points, 
pandemics or computer viruses) could result in a temporary disruption of traffic, loss of a critical item of 
equipment, a loss of a concession or license, part of the Group's network ceasing to be operational or liability 
claims being made against the Group's network, all leading to a temporary decrease in toll revenues or 
generating significant additional costs required to maintain or to restore the Group's network to working order. 
Exceptional events which have affected the Group, and which have given rise to one or more of such 
aforementioned consequences include the occurrence of hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico in 2017, the spread 
of COVID-19 since the first quarter of 2020 (see "— The Group continues to be exposed to risks and 
challenges related to the spread of COVID-19 such as its negative impact on the global economy") and 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (see "— The Group's business is subject to risks related to its international 
operations"). Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's toll revenues on free-flow toll systems are dependent on payment being received by customers 
following the use of the toll roads 
The Group operates a number of free-flow (or open-road) toll systems which allow authorities to collect tolls 
through subsequent electronic payment by customers. The Group is exposed to the risk that some customers

--- Page 22 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 14 - 
66-41049013 
 
do not successfully make electronic payment following the use of the toll roads. For example, electronic 
payment may not occur due to a lack of funds in the customer's account and such customer would then fail to 
take the necessary steps to make payment of the amount due or where a user of the free-flow toll roads is not 
registered as a customer (i.e. does not have an electronic device for making payment), there is a risk that such 
customer will not make payment because there is no bank account or card associated with such customer. In 
this case, the receipt of payment is subsequently pursued by the Company and obtaining such payment from 
the customer is not always successful. 
The Group's operations may contaminate the environment 
The main environmental impacts caused by the Group's operations relate to the processing of waste produced 
in connection with the development and operation of toll roads, including hazardous and non-hazardous waste. 
In particular this relates to construction and demolition waste, sludge from biological treatment plants, wet 
sludge and land contaminated with diesel fuel, among others. The disposal of such waste may cause delays 
and increase the cost of projects, and may cause environmental damage, particularly where such waste is 
untreated. The Group could be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance, or other hazardous causes 
originating from its operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The public may refuse to pay increased tolls and public pressure may cause the relevant government 
authority to challenge the Group's tariffs 
If the Group's tolls roads are viewed as expensive, motorists might avoid them or refuse to pay the tariffs, 
which would result in lower traffic volumes and reduced toll revenues. In addition, adverse general public 
opinion may result in pressure to restrict the Group's tariff increases. If public pressure or government action 
forces the Group to restrict its tariff increases or even reduce its tariffs and the Group does not receive adequate 
compensation under the relevant concession agreement, this could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group's concessions may generate little or no cash 
The development and operation of infrastructure concession assets is a capital-intensive business. Newer 
assets are typically highly leveraged to optimise the capital structure with the objective of maximising 
shareholder return. As a result of the high rate of leverage, during the initial years of a concession, the costs 
of financing often consume a large proportion of a concession's available cash flows, leaving little or no cash 
available for distribution. As a result, it is unlikely that any cash generated from the Group's newer or future 
concessions will be available to be used for the repayment of amounts due under the Notes. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group's cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that concession may 
therefore take longer than expected to generate a profit or may never do so, which could decrease the resources 
available to other Group companies to meet their financial obligations, including those under the Notes. Such 
a shortfall of cash may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group depends to a significant extent on public sector customers and projects 
The Group, and the toll road industry in general, depends to a significant extent on the continued availability 
of attractive levels of government incentives to attract private investments. Following the global economic 
crisis that began in 2008, the Group has noticed a sharp reduction in projects for the public sector, on which 
the Group's business is highly dependent. A further decrease in the spending on development and execution 
of public sector projects by governments and local authorities could adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, and results of operations. Global economic instability and difficult and recessionary 
economic conditions in certain countries in which the Group operates may result in the contraction of 
infrastructure spending and therefore in the delay or suspension of projects that are already underway or 
awarded, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group faces risks in connection with cybersecurity 
The Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with information, control systems or 
information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any consequences of unauthorised access 
to or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or destruction of information or information

--- Page 23 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 15 - 
66-41049013 
 
systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism. Any material uninsured losses and reputational 
damage caused by any cybersecurity beaches may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when developing or expanding toll 
roads and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results 
In circumstances where the Group seeks to create value by undertaking the development, extension, or 
expansion of a concession's toll roads, it will typically be dependent on the performance of third party 
contractors who undertake the management or execution of such development, extension, or expansion on 
behalf of the Group. The risks of development, extension or expansion include, but are not limited to: 
• 
failure by such third party contractors in performing their contractual obligations; 
• 
insolvency of such third party contractors; 
• 
the inability of the third party contractors to retain key members of staff; 
• 
cost deviations in relation to the services provided by the third party contractors; 
• 
delays in the roads being available for use; 
• 
poor quality execution; 
• 
fraud or misconduct by an officer, employee or agent of a third party contractor; 
• 
diversion of resources and attention of the Group's management from operations and opportunities 
to win new concessions; 
• 
disputes between the Group and third party contractors, which may increase the Group's costs and 
require the time and attention of the Group's management; 
• 
construction risks on the projects carried out by external contractors, especially if such defects are 
discovered after the expiry of sub-contractors' warranties; and 
• 
liability of the Group for the actions of the third party contractors. 
If the Group's third party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they have been 
engaged, either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the Group's failure to properly supervise 
any such contractors, the Group's ability to complete works on schedule and within forecasted costs to the 
requisite levels of quality could be adversely impacted and this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's joint venture and partnership operations could be adversely affected by its reliance on its 
partners' financial condition and performance 
Some of the Group's activities are conducted through joint ventures and partnerships, where the Group has 
less than a 100 per cent. interest in a particular entity that operates a concession with the remaining ownership 
interest being held by one or more third parties. The management and control of such a concession or entity 
may entail risks associated with multiple owners and decision makers, including the risks that: 
• 
investment partners become insolvent or bankrupt, or fail to fund their share of any costs which might 
be incurred, resulting in the Group having to pay the investment partner's share or bear the risk of 
losing the particular concession; 
• 
investment partners have economic or other interests that are inconsistent with the Group's interests 
and are in a position to take or influence actions contrary to the Group's interests and plans, which 
may create impasses on decisions and affect the Group's ability to implement its strategies and/or 
dispose of the concession or entity;

--- Page 24 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 16 - 
66-41049013 
 
• 
disputes develop between the Group and investment partners, resulting in the Group incurring 
litigation or arbitration costs and distracting the Group's management from its other tasks; 
• 
investment partners do not have enough liquid assets to make cash advances that may be required in 
order to fund operations, maintenance and other expenses related to the particular toll road, which 
could result in the loss of current or prospective customers and may otherwise adversely affect the 
operation and maintenance of the road; 
• 
an investment partner breaches the terms of a concession agreement, which may cause a default under 
such agreement and result in liability for the Group; 
• 
the Group may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of investment partners; 
• 
where the Group has a minority stake, it must negotiate suitable arrangements with each of its 
proposed investment partners, which may prove to be time-consuming and could restrict the Group's 
ability to act quickly or unilaterally; and 
• 
a default by an investment partner constitutes a default under the financing documents relating to the 
particular concession, which could result in acceleration of the relevant debt. 
For example, the concessions operated by concession companies in Brazil, such as Intervias, Via Paulista, 
Fernão Dias, Fluminense, Régis Bittencourt, Litoral Sul and Planalto Sul may be affected by the above-
mentioned risks. 
Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to financial risks 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level of indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had €21,809 million of net debt (€23,350 million of net debt as at 31 
December 2021), which represented 49.1 per cent. of the Group's consolidated balance sheet, as at such date. 
Net debt over EBITDA was 6.17 and 6.97 for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively. Details of the Group's material financing can be found in Note 14 of the 2022 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts (as defined below). In addition, as at 31 December 2022, the Group had 
contingencies relating to guarantees given by the Group, including a guarantee by the Company to Abertis 
HoldCo given as a result of the transfer of €1,000 million of bank debt from the Company to Abertis HoldCo 
following the execution of debt novation agreements on 25 and 28 November 2022. The Company will remain 
as guarantor of the novated debt and its possible extensions and/or refinancings. Details of the Group's 
contingencies can be found in Note 21 of the 2022 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts (as defined below). 
The Group may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in relation to its international expansion, 
new acquisitions, and new joint ventures. Such additional indebtedness may mature prior to the Notes or could 
be senior, if secured, to Notes issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions of the Notes place certain 
limitations on the incurrence of additional secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group (as further 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)).  
The Group's leverage could increase the Group's vulnerability to a downturn in its business or economic and 
industry conditions and have significant adverse consequences, including but not limited to: 
• 
limiting the Group's ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital 
expenditures, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other corporate 
requirements; 
• 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Group's cash flow from operations to the 
payment of principal of, and interest on, the Group's indebtedness, which would make such cash flow 
unavailable to fund the Group's operations, capital expenditures, investment plans, business 
opportunities and other corporate requirements; and

--- Page 25 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 17 - 
66-41049013 
 
• 
limiting the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group's business, the 
competitive environment, and the industry. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to 
satisfy its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Company is primarily a holding company that has limited revenue-generating operations of its own, 
and is dependent on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or 
meet its other obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company is a holding company that conducts limited business 
operations of its own and has no significant assets other than the shares it holds in its direct subsidiaries. The 
Group's revenue-generating activities are carried out by the Company's operating subsidiaries. 
Repayment of the Company's indebtedness, including the Notes, is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries 
to make such cash available to it, by dividend distributions, debt repayment, loans or otherwise. The 
Company's subsidiaries may not be able to, or may be restricted by the terms of their existing or future 
indebtedness, or by law, in their ability to make distributions or advance upstream loans to enable the Company 
to make payments in respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes. In the event that the Company does not 
receive distributions or other payments from its subsidiaries, it may be unable to make principal and interest 
payments on its indebtedness, including the Notes. 
All the existing and future liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries, including any claims of trade creditors, 
will be effectively senior to the Notes. Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Company's ability to service its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
As at 31 December 2022, 81 per cent. of the Group's indebtedness bore interest at a fixed rate or a rate fixed 
through hedges (77 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). The Group's total interest paid and hedges settled for 
debt, amounted to €984 million during 2022 and is one of the Group's largest cost items. Interest rates are 
highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including central banks' policies, international 
and country-specific economic and political conditions, inflationary pressures, disruption to financial markets 
or the availability of bank credit. Any increases in interest rates in the Eurozone and in other jurisdictions 
where the Group has floating rate debt will require the Group to use a greater proportion of its revenues to pay 
interest expenses. 
During the second half of 2022, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) has been continuously raising the three 
key ECB interest rates as a response to the current global inflationary environment. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the ECB has raised its inflation projections as the conflict in Ukraine is likely to keep commodity 
prices high and has indicated that it expects to raise interest rates further in the coming months in response to 
inflation being driven up.  
An increase in the interest rates of the Group's indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its 
other indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities. The financial management of 
the Group regularly reviews market conditions and from time to time may adjust the balance of interest rate 
exposure in its debt profile. However, there can be no assurance that this interest rate management policy will 
adequately protect the Group against the risk of increased interest rates, which could be particularly damaging 
for the Group due to its high level of net debt (€21,809 million, as at 31 December 2022), plus any hedging 
arrangements that expose the Group to credit risk in respect of the hedging counterparty. There can be no 
assurance that future interest rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, 43.9 per cent. of the Group's revenues were in currencies other than the 
euro (37.5 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021), such as the Brazilian real, the Chilean peso, the 
Argentine peso, the Mexican peso, the U.S. dollar, and the Indian rupee. Foreign exchange rate risk arises 
primarily from: (i) the Group's international presence, through its investments and businesses, in countries that 
use currencies other than the euro; (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the

--- Page 26 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 18 - 
66-41049013 
 
business is conducted or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or 
payables in a foreign currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered. 
In order to mitigate these risks, the Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives to cover its significant 
future expected operations and cash flows. Any current or future hedging contracts or foreign exchange 
derivatives entered into by the Group may not adequately protect its operating results from the effects of 
exchange rate fluctuations. The Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early 
termination of the hedging agreements by, hedge counterparties. There can be no assurance that future 
exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
and results of operations. 
The Group's financial indebtedness may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment 
The Group needs to secure significant levels of financing to fund its operations. A number of the Group's 
current financing agreements contain standard covenants that, if breached, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If certain extraordinary or 
unforeseen events occur, including a breach of financial covenants, the Group's borrowings, and any hedging 
arrangements that it may have entered into may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment or could otherwise become subject to early termination. If the Group is required to repay 
borrowings early it may be subject to prepayment penalties and if the cash flows from its operations and other 
capital resources (including borrowings under existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to pay such 
obligations, the Group may be forced to: 
• 
reduce or delay participation in certain activities, including research and development; 
• 
sell certain non-core business assets; 
• 
obtain additional debt or equity capital; 
• 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity; or 
• 
reduce the distribution of dividends. 
The Group may not be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory terms or at all 
The Group may need to refinance its existing debt and may find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness 
as it matures, particularly if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced. There can be no 
guarantee that the Group will be able to obtain further financing on acceptable terms or at all, which could 
adversely affect the implementation of its business strategy. The Group's ability to secure financing depends 
on several factors, many of which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, adverse 
effects in the debt or capital markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and monetary policy 
in the markets in which it operates. The availability of financing and the terms thereof will also depend on the 
Group's and the lenders' estimate of the stability of the relevant concessions' expected cash flows and the 
expected evolution of the value of the concession. 
In addition, there is an international consensus that, in order to determine credit quality, the ratings provided 
by rating agencies are to be taken into account. This leads to the risk that following a deterioration in the rating 
of the Company, especially below investment grade, all financed transactions would entail an increase in 
financial costs which could even lead to the inability to enter into transactions if the Group is unable to obtain 
financing. 
If the Group is unable to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or delays are incurred 
in obtaining financing, this may impair the Group's ability to make investments and leverage its resources, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties 
The Group is exposed to credit risk insofar as its counterparties (such as customers, suppliers, financial 
institutions, partners and, in particular, public administrations) may default on their contractual payment

--- Page 27 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 19 - 
66-41049013 
 
obligations by failing to make payments on time or at all. Business activity which requires a prior investment 
in assets, such as toll roads, is especially sensitive to default risk because, in the event of default, such 
investment might not be recoverable. 
Risks associated with measuring intangible assets and goodwill 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 included intangible assets of €35,325 million (relating 
mainly to investments in transport infrastructure concession arrangements and goodwill) from total assets of 
€44,383 million. The measurement of these investments in concession arrangements and, in particular, the 
assessment of their recoverable amount, involves a complex process that requires estimates to be made that 
include judgements and significant assumptions by the Group's management in the preparation of impairment 
tests, relating mainly to discount rates, macroeconomic variables, changes in traffic and tolls, future operating 
costs, and disbursements for future investments. 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 included goodwill of €8,468 million (associated mainly 
with cash-generating units disclosed in Note 7 of the 2022 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts). The 
Group's management conducts impairment tests to assess the recoverable amount of goodwill. To the extent 
that these assumptions and estimates were incorrect, or the impairment tests were flawed, the Group's 
intangible assets and goodwill could be lower than the amounts stated in the Group's balance sheet as at 31 
December 2022, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Group  
The Group is subject to litigation risks 
The Group is, and may in the future be, a party to judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings which arise 
in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to compulsory land purchases required for toll 
road construction, claims relating to defects in construction projects performed or services rendered, claims 
for third party liability in connection with the use of the Group's assets or the actions of Group employees, 
employment-related claims, environmental claims and tax claims. For a summary of the material legal 
proceedings relating to the Group, see "Information on the Group—Litigation and Arbitration". An 
unfavourable outcome (including an out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such proceedings or in future 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Legal risks related to licensing and approvals 
In order to be able to carry out specific projects, the Group may have to obtain approvals, licences, certificates, 
and other permits from the competent authorities in specific project phases. There can be no assurances that 
the Group will be able to obtain the relevant approvals at all, or on a timely basis, or that it will be able to 
fulfil the requirements for such approvals in all cases. This could lead to delays, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a regulated industry and, in particular, environmental laws could increase the 
Group's costs 
The Group must comply with both specific toll road sector regulations (including in relation to road safety), 
as well as applicable environmental regulations established by local, regional, national and European Union 
("EU") bodies which regulate the Group's activities. The technical requirements imposed by environmental 
regulations are gradually becoming more costly, complex, and stringent. These laws may impose strict liability 
in the event of damage to natural resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability may mean that 
the Group is held liable for environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted negligently, or that it 
owes fines whether or not damage exists or is proven. The relevant authorities may impose fines or sanctions 
or may revoke and refuse to grant authorisations and permits because of a breach by the Group of applicable 
regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the imposition of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter application 
of existing regulations may increase the Group's costs or impose new responsibilities, leading to lower 
earnings and liquidity available for its activities. Breaching any of these regulations could result in reputational

--- Page 28 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 20 - 
66-41049013 
 
damage, which, in addition to the impact of any regulatory changes, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws 
The Group operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree 
and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws may conflict with local 
customs and practices. In addition, some of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates or may in the future 
operate lack a developed legal system or may have failed to implement laws and regulations or enforce such 
laws and regulations, and consequently may have high levels of corruption. In this scenario, the Group's 
continued international expansion, development of joint venture relationships with local contractors and the 
use of local agents increases the Group's risk of being exposed to violations of such anti-bribery and corruption 
regulations by its local partners or agents. 
If the Group, its employees, agents, partners, subcontractors or suppliers breach any such laws, the Group 
could suffer, in addition to reputational damage, from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, including 
fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts, 
termination of existing contracts, revocations or restrictions of licenses, criminal fines or imprisonment of key 
personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the economic environment of areas where the Group has operations 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by the deterioration of global economic conditions and 
political stability 
The Group's business performance is closely linked to the economic conditions in the countries, regions, and 
cities in which it operates. Normally, robust economic growth in those areas where it is located results in 
greater demand for its toll roads, while slow economic growth or economic contraction adversely affects 
demand. The Group is exposed to substantial risk stemming from volatility in areas such as consumer 
spending, business investment, government spending, capital markets conditions and price inflation, which 
affect the business and economic environment and, consequently, the size and profitability of the Group's 
business. Unfavourable economic conditions could lead to lower prices for toll road projects, reduced road 
travel and reduced demand for the services provided by the Group. Furthermore, any financial difficulties 
suffered by the Group's subcontractors or suppliers could increase its costs or cause delays in its projects. 
The Group has operations in 15 different countries and is exposed to the political risks of the each of those 
countries. Events such as the UK's departure from the EU, the growth of inward-looking policies, 
protectionism and of political ideology in Member States that is contrary to the EU (where 56.1 per cent. of 
the Group's revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 were generated) could adversely affect the 
economies of the countries in which the Group operates and the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to emerging and developing country risks 
The Group operates and is present in 15 countries across Europe, North America, South America, and Asia, 
including countries classified as emerging or developing countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, 
Puerto Rico, and India. Operations in these countries are subject to the customary risks of operating in 
emerging and developing markets, which include potential political and economic uncertainty, application of 
exchange controls, reliance on foreign investment, nationalization or expropriation, crime and lack of law 
enforcement, political insurrection, external interference, currency fluctuations and changes in government 
policy. Financial risks of operating in emerging and developing markets also include risks of liquidity, 
inflation, devaluation, price volatility, currency convertibility and country default resulting from significant 
deficits as well as other factors.  
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Notes

--- Page 29 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 21 - 
66-41049013 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked 
Notes". In such event, the interest rate is subject to upward adjustment in the case of Step Up Sustainability-
Linked Notes and/or the amount payable on redemption shall include any Redemption Premium Amount(s) 
in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, in each case, in certain circumstances 
specified in the Conditions, depending on the definitions of "Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event", "Scope 3 
Emissions Event" and "EVCP Event" in the Conditions. The occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event, 
Scope 3 Emissions Event and EVCP Event will be determined based on a defined group of entities forming 
part of the Group as set out in the definition of "SLB Reporting Group" in the Conditions. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds, or similar purpose 
financing instrument, since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes, 
which may include the refinancing of existing indebtedness, and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate 
the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social 
criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with such instruments.   
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and the related provisions and definitions 
may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations when compared to other definitions relevant 
to greenhouse gas emissions or the installation of electric vehicle charging points. In addition none of the 
Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework including 
the selection of the Issuer's Key Performance Indicators or Sustainable Performance Targets as defined therein 
and their alignment with any sustainability-related standards. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its Scope 1 and 2 Emissions (calculated in absolute terms) and Scope 
3 Emissions (reflected through the decrease of Scope 3 Emissions per the number of kilometres (calculated in 
millions) travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group) and increasing the 
number of EVCPs installed, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so 
or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any 
binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction, and operation of any investments 
the Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets.  
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
A basis for the determination of the definition of "environmentally-sustainable economic activities" has been 
established in the European Union with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts; however the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the adoption of new Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Acts. It is not known to what extent the investments planned in the Group's sustainability 
strategy will satisfy those criteria. Technical screening criteria for such objectives may be amended or updated 
over time and there is no certainty to what extent the assets which are the subject of the investments planned 
in the Group's sustainability strategy will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts. 
As a result of the above, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be in line with investors' expectations or 
requirements.

--- Page 30 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 22 - 
66-41049013 
 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, increase the Group's cost of funding, and could 
expose the Group to reputational risks 
The Issuer's intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be to reduce 
the Group's greenhouse gas emissions by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
or Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold on the relevant Reference Year(s) and increase the number of 
EVCPs installed by at least the relevant EVCP Increase Threshold on the relevant Reference Year(s), as 
applicable (the "Sustainability Targets") but there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in doing so and the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets. 
The failure to meet any of such Sustainability Targets relating to the Sustainability-Linked Notes or any other 
type of sustainability-linked indebtedness will result in increased interest amounts, the payment of Redemption 
Premium Amount(s) or additional payments, which would increase the Group's cost of funding, and which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition, or its results 
of operations. 
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Sustainability Targets could also harm the Group's reputation 
or the Group's efforts in reaching the Sustainability Targets may become controversial or be criticised by 
activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other 
securities of the Issuer) and the price at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its 
Notes in such circumstances may be at a substantial discount from the issue price or the purchase price paid 
by such Noteholder. See also "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics" above for a description of the risk that 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
No Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, nor will 
the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
of the Sustainability Targets, or if it fails to comply with the related disclosure and reporting obligations set 
out in the Conditions. 
The methodology used by the Issuer to determine whether a Step Up Event and/or Redemption Premium 
Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred may change over time due to a Recalculation Event or a 
change in standards and guidelines and a Step Up Event and/or Redemption Premium Event may not occur 
in event of a change in or the application of law or regulation 
The Conditions permit the Issuer to recalculate or redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP 
Increase Threshold following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event (each, as defined in the Conditions). A 
qualified second party opinion provider must review any such recalculation or redetermination of the relevant 
amount, baseline or threshold and confirm that it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more 
ambitious than the original amount, baseline or threshold, as the case may be. The details of any recalculation 
or redetermination will be set out in the SLB Progress Report relating to the Reporting Year during which such 
recalculation or redetermination has occurred, which will be accompanied by an assurance report issued by an 
Assurance Provider (each, as defined in the Conditions). 
A Recalculation Event includes a recalculation following a structural change in the SLB Reporting Group (as 
defined in the Conditions) including as a result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments, and/or any other 
similar event.  
Any recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders, and will result in the updated 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold, as the case may be, being considered for 
the purpose of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event has occurred 
in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The occurrence of a Recalculation Event may impact, positively 
or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy the Sustainability Targets which could in turn adversely affect 
the market value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other securities of the Issuer).

--- Page 31 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 23 - 
66-41049013 
 
In addition, each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold is calculated 
internally by the Issuer based on broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards and 
guidelines may change over time, which may affect the way in which the Issuer performs such calculations. 
The standards and guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from industry 
bodies, which may change going forward. As a consequence, any of these changes to the calculation 
methodology or to standards and guidelines may not be in line with investors' expectations or requirements 
when investing in Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Lastly, a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event would not occur where the failure to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition or the EVCP Condition, as applicable, 
is as a result of (i) in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, 
a change in law or regulation impacting the SLB Reporting Group’s greenhouse gas emissions, (ii) in respect 
of the EVCP Condition, a change in law or regulation impacting the installation and/or operation of EVCPs 
and (iii) in respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, the application of or a change in law or regulation 
imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions affecting infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting 
Group. 
Any second party opinion issued in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes does not reflect all the 
features which may be associated with such debt securities nor does it discuss all risks related to such Notes 
The Issuer has requested that a specialised consulting firm or rating agency issue a so-called Second-Party 
Opinion (a "Second-Party Opinion") confirming the adherence of the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by ICMA and the Issuer 
may request that a new Second-Party Opinion be issued if the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework is updated or in the event that a Recalculation Event occurs. 
Even though a Second-Party Opinion has been obtained, and whilst noting the emergence of the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" or equivalently-
labelled project or instrument or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or instrument 
to be defined as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label 
may evolve from time to time). The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria 
and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification may change at any time and the Second-Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn. No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of 
the Group, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates, any second party opinion providers or the Assurance 
Provider that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations or that the 
Sustainability Targets qualify as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked".  
If the Second-party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-party analysis of the Issuer's Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework or the Issuer’s progress in meeting Sustainability Targets other than the relevant 
Assurance Provider’s confirmation provided in the SLB Progress Report in relation to any Target Observation 
Period or Target Observation Date. A withdrawal of the Second-Party Opinion may affect the value of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in sustainability-linked assets. 
Furthermore, a Second-Party Opinion may not reflect all the features of such kind of debt securities, nor the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. Furthermore, 
any such Second-Party Opinion would only be valid as of the date it is released, and the Issuer does not assume 
any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision of its Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework.  
Moreover, a Second-Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, reports and certifications are 
not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers or any Second-Party Opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-
Linked Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 24 - 
66-41049013 
 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, nor any of the Dealers nor the provider of any such Second-
Party Opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, any Second-Party 
Opinion, SLB Progress Report, Assurance Report or other report, verification or certification and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain and 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. The Issuer will also redeem all outstanding 
Notes of the relevant Series if, by reason of any change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application 
of such law, becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under such Notes. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option or obligation in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose or 
may be obligated to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer may be unable to redeem the Notes as required upon a Material Asset Sale Put Event  
If the Issuer experiences a Material Asset Sale Put Event, the Issuer will be required to redeem any Notes in 
respect of which a Material Asset Sale Put Option is exercised at their principal amount outstanding plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to such date of early redemption. However, the Issuer may be unable 
to do so because it may not have enough available funds, particularly since a Material Asset Sale Put Event 
could in certain circumstances cause part or all of the its other debt to become due and payable. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmark 
Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked 
to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark 
Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".

--- Page 33 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 25 - 
66-41049013 
 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area.  The €STR 
was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), or result in adverse consequences to holders 
of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the 
return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if 
the original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate (€STR), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development 
and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also 
how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded 
Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free 
rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise

--- Page 34 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 26 - 
66-41049013 
 
affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to 
time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those 
of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based 
on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently 
to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, 
on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of 
an Event of Default under Condition 17 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any 
related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the

--- Page 35 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 27 - 
66-41049013 
 
value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free 
rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, 
or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or 
any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
None of the Issuer's subsidiaries will guarantee its obligations under the Notes, and the Notes will be 
structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Issuer's subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes 
or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment.  
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of any even if such 
obligations do not constitute senior indebtedness, such that, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, 
reorganisation, dissolution or other winding up of any subsidiary, all of such subsidiary's creditors (including 
trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of such subsidiary's 
assets before the Issuer would be entitled to any payment. As a result, the Notes are effectively subordinated 
to all liabilities of the Issuer's subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2021, the gross debt of the Group was €27,257 
million (excluding borrowings from companies accounted for using the equity method, interest on loans and 
bonds and other liabilities), with €12,812 million of such gross debt being held by subsidiaries of the Issuer, 
without considering Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. In addition, the Issuer's subsidiaries may be subject 
to restrictions on their ability to distribute cash to the Issuer as a result of law and, as a result, the Issuer may 
not be able to access its cash flows to service its debt obligations, including the Notes.  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuer may, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, effect amendments necessary to give effect to any successor rate or alternative reference rate (as 
further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement)). 
Furthermore, the Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and 
the Talons, any company that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Issuer (as further described in Condition 16 
(Substitution)). 
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some holders of 
such Notes may not agree. 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, income payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain, provided 
that the Issuer provides, pursuant to Spanish law, certain information at the relevant time in the Spanish 
language regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged 
certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer will withhold 
Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any outstanding principal amount of the Notes (as 
applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided at the relevant time and will not gross 
up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. The Agency Agreement (as defined herein) provides that 
the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection 
of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, to, among 
other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to 
reflect a change in applicable clearing system rules or procedures or to add procedures for one or more new 
clearing systems. See "Taxation — The Kingdom of Spain". None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Fiscal Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 36 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 28 - 
66-41049013 
 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, as amended, provides that any payment of 
interest made under securities originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised 
by Spanish legislation or by the legislation of another Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) country will be made with no withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes is received by the Issuer. In the opinion of the Issuer, payments 
in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding of taxes in Spain provided that the 
relevant information about the Notes is submitted by the Fiscal Agent to it, notwithstanding the information 
obligations of the Issuer under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation, by virtue of which identification 
of Spanish investors may be provided to the Spanish tax authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by 
such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer will 
be bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding and the Issuer 
will not, as a result, pay additional amounts. 
Risks relating to the Insolvency Law 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal) ("Insolvency Law") (which has been recently amended to implement the 
restructuring framework required by Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and other important changes to the insolvency proceedings in Spain) regulates pre-insolvency and court 
insolvency proceedings, as opposed to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has 
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not 
reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette, (ii) provisions 
in a contract granting one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency or the filing of a pre-insolvency communication (as stated in Article 585 of the Insolvency Law) 
will not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be 
suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date 
shall become subordinated. In the case of secured ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially 
privileged up to the value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (ii) interests shall keep accruing 
after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower of the limit of the secured amount and the value effectively 
covered by the relevant security, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may accrue 
after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency 
administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of secured default 
interests, (i) those accrued prior to the insolvency declaration shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the 
value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (ii) they shall not accrue after the declaration of 
insolvency, in accordance with Article 152.2 of the Insolvency Law. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even 
if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured 
dissenting creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed (for up to 10 years in case of composition 
proposals), converted into a different financial instrument or equity of the refinanced or insolvent debtor as 
well as any other company, converted into participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchanged for assets 
or rights of the insolvent or refinanced debtor not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as 
a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a restructuring 
plan that has been judicially sanctioned (homologado) without insolvency proceedings having been previously 
opened (e.g., restructuring plans which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both 
scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in 
relation to the kind of claims or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). Any payments of

--- Page 37 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 29 - 
66-41049013 
 
interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination provisions of Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law. 
The majorities regime envisaged for a creditors' arrangement depends on (i) the type of the specific measure 
which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.), and (ii) on the 
part of claims to be affected (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as calculated 
pursuant to the rules established in the Insolvency Law). In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to 
vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, shall be always subject 
to the measures contained therein, if passed by the relevant majorities. For these purposes, liabilities held by 
those creditors considered specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) with the insolvent 
debtor would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the approval 
of a composition agreement. 
On the other hand, all creditors that could be affected by a restructuring plan would be entitled to vote it, 
grouped in classes of creditors and subject to the fact cross-class cram-down is now available under the 
Insolvency Law. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to 
the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. 
Risks related to the Market generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Although application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche 
of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes and, therefore, 
any prospective purchaser should be prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity or final redemption of such 
Notes.  
Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 38 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 30 - 
66-41049013 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" are Notes that may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest basis may affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
return for investors. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on other Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed 
above that may affect the value of the Notes and as such should not be relied upon by investors when making 
an investment decision. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA that is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Likewise, in general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 39 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 31 - 
66-41049013 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
1. 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer (including 
the English language translation of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but excluding the 
consolidated directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, which 
were prepared by the board of directors of the Issuer on 28 February 2023 but remain subject to the 
approval of the Issuer's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 28 March 2023 (the 
"2022 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"), available for viewing on: 
https://www.abertis.com/media/annual_reports/2022/9.%20Informe%20de%20auditori%CC%81a%
20y%20Cuentas%20Anuales%20Consolidadas%202022_ENG_oTRb73E.pdf    
2. 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer (including 
the English language translation of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but excluding the 
consolidated directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021, which 
has been approved by the board of directors of the Issuer on 1 March 2022 and by the Issuer's Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders on 4 April 2022 (the "2021 Audited Consolidated Annual 
Accounts"), available for viewing on: 
https://www.abertis.com/media/general_meetings/2022/11.%20CCAA%20Consolidadas_ENG.pdf 
3. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 4 to 55 of the supplement dated 27 January 2023 to the base 
prospectus dated 8 March 2022 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "January 2023 Terms and Conditions"), available for viewing on:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202301/9f488a3b-5a16-
4c2e-8c58-4d773bab9ab8.pdf 
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 68 of the base prospectus dated 15 March 2021 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/85a6d2cb-1a5c-
4090-b327-f9fd72bf2111.PDF 
5. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 32 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 18 March 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c101a88c-b6a8-408e-bc06-c78935618ee1.pdf  
6. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 33 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 6 March 2019 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_47bfdbd4-aaa4-429a-95ef-f66c29f0c6fb.pdf  
The documents specified above have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of the documents 
specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer. Any information contained in any of the documents 
specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in 
any subsequent document which is also incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference or any supplement 
hereto, modifies or supersedes such a statement. Any statement so superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 32 - 
66-41049013 
 
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 33 - 
66-41049013 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 34 - 
66-41049013 
 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has 
included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes 
which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Pricing Supplement, that Pricing Supplement will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, amend, replace and/or complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of Pricing Supplement are the Conditions described in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
as amended, supplemented and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 43 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 35 - 
66-41049013 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form 
(the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the 
case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in

--- Page 44 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 36 - 
66-41049013 
 
no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) occurs.  
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights

--- Page 45 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 37 - 
66-41049013 
 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 46 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 38 - 
66-41049013 
 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where both the TEFRA D Rules are applicable and the Notes have 
a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement

--- Page 47 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 39 - 
66-41049013 
 
systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to 
the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new 
arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations 
if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each 
such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other 
duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 48 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 40 - 
66-41049013 
 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of 
the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders 
of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 49 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 41 - 
66-41049013 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the subject of Final Terms and which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than pursuant 
to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace 
any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a 
final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or a 
drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") or a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which amends, supplements and/or replaces these Conditions. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. References in these Condition to "Final Terms" shall 
be deemed to include references to the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 9 March 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes 
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and 
the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents 
and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 9 March 2023 
(the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplements are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and copies may be obtained from Paseo de 
la Castellana, 89, planta 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
(f) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the "Public Deed") before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes. The Public Deed 
will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 42 - 
66-41049013 
 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each 
of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"acting in concert", for the purposes of Conditions 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 11(g) 
(Material Asset Sale Put Option), means persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal) co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company or to frustrate 
the successful outcome of an offer for a company. A person and each of its affiliated persons will be 
deemed to be acting in concert with each other; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference 
Rate; or 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period,

--- Page 51 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 43 - 
66-41049013 
 
or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference 
Rate; 
"Assurance Provider" means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of the Issuer from time to 
time appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer's financial statements; or (ii) a qualified provider of 
third party assurance or attestation services, appointed by the Issuer, with the expertise necessary to 
perform the functions required to be performed by the Assurance Provider under these Conditions, as 
determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
"Baseline Year" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline and the Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, the 
period beginning on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019; and 
(b) 
in respect of the EVCP Baseline, 31 December 2021; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication 
of such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means 
that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally or in respect of the Notes;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored 
or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if 
applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 52 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 44 - 
66-41049013 
 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to 
be closed;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is 
a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Concession Agreements" means each of the concession agreements entered into between the 
Spanish state or the French State or any other state and a member of the Group in relation to the 
concessions for the operation of certain motorways or any other type of infrastructure; 
"control", for the purposes of Conditions 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 11(g) (Material 
Asset Sale Put Option), means where a person (or persons acting in concert) has direct or indirect

--- Page 53 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 45 - 
66-41049013 
 
control of the power to cast, or control the casting of, over 50 per cent. of the total voting rights 
conferred by all the issued shares in the capital of the entity in issue which are ordinarily exercisable 
at a general meeting; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 54 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 46 - 
66-41049013 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 55 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 47 - 
66-41049013 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
"EVCP" means an electric vehicle charging point, the number of which at a recharging station 
determine the number of vehicles that can be recharged at that station at any given time;  
"EVCP Baseline" means 85 EVCPs, being the aggregate number of EVCPs present on infrastructure 
operated by the SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Concession Agreements as at the Baseline Year, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the EVCP Baseline to reflect the 
occurrence of a Recalculation Event;  
"EVCP Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the EVCP Increase in respect of the Target Observation Date for any Reference Year, as 
shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the EVCP Increase 
Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the EVCP 
Condition; 
"EVCP Event" occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the EVCP Condition, provided that no EVCP Event 
shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the EVCP Condition as a result of a change in 
law or regulation with an impact on the installation and/or operation of EVCPs, as determined in good 
faith by the Issuer; 
"EVCP Increase" means, in respect of any Target Observation Date, the number by which the 
Number of EVCPs for such Target Observation Date exceeds the then current EVCP Baseline, as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer, assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer 
in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"EVCP Increase Threshold" means the threshold specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
EVCP Increase Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the 
Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as 
specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith,

--- Page 56 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 48 - 
66-41049013 
 
recalculate the EVCP Increase Threshold (including such higher threshold) to reflect the occurrence 
of a Recalculation Event; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" (including all appendices thereto) published 
by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Notes); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination 
Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional 
Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further 
amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect 
generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 57 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 49 - 
66-41049013 
 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale 
or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, excluding any and all amounts classified as a borrowing under the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) relating to (i) the payment 
of royalties under Concession Agreements and (ii) rents due pursuant to operational leases; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Limited-recourse Borrowing" means any Indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors thereof 
is limited to any or all of (a) the relevant project (or the concession or assets related thereto), (b) the 
share capital of, or other equity contribution to, the entity or entities developing, financing or 
otherwise directly involved in the relevant project; and (c) other credit support (including, without 
limitation, completion guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided in support 
of such indebtedness; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets or 
gross revenues each exceed 20 per cent. of the Group's gross assets or gross revenues, respectively, 
as at the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group, where: 
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the gross assets 
owned or gross revenues generated by such Subsidiary (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Issuer's, direct or indirect, ownership percentage of such company; and

--- Page 58 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 50 - 
66-41049013 
 
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the gross 
assets or gross revenues of all members of the Group (in each case as determined by 
multiplying the gross assets owned or gross revenues generated by such members of the 
Group (on a standalone basis without double counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage 
of such company),  
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Notification Deadline" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Number of EVCPs" means the aggregate number of EVCPs:  
(a) 
present on any infrastructure which is operated as at the relevant Target Observation Date by 
the SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Concession Agreements; and  
(b) 
installed by the SLB Reporting Group on any infrastructure which was since the Baseline 
Year (and as at the relevant Target Observation Date no longer is) operated by the SLB 
Reporting Group pursuant to Concession Agreements, 
in each case, calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Target Observation Date, provided 
that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Number of EVCPs to reflect the occurrence 
of a Recalculation Event; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Conditions hereto and in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 59 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 51 - 
66-41049013 
 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, by any 
of the Issuer and/or one or more Material Subsidiaries (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
reorganisation involving the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary and a Shareholder or a Subsidiary of a 
Shareholder), by means of: 
(a) 
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or partial) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Target Merger); or 
(b) 
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind of 
disposal of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; or 
(c) 
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not effected through 
a capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; or 
(d) 
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or 
(e) 
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary) or a part (in the case of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary) of its business 
(whether in the form of property or assets, including any receivables, shares, interest or other 
equivalents or corporate stock held or otherwise owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary, as applicable) at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of 
the board of directors of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as applicable, to be 
made (or have been made) on arm's length terms, provided that, in each case, following such 
sale, transfer lease, exchange or disposal, the Group shall carry on the whole or substantially 
the whole of the business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or businesses 
reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereto, 
provided, however, that (i) in any such reorganisation affecting the Issuer, the Issuer shall maintain 
or any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all the obligations 
under the relevant Notes, including the obligation to pay any additional amounts under Condition 16 
(Taxation), and (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall have 
occurred it shall (if capable of remedy) have been cured; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means (i) any Security Interest in existence as at the relevant Issue 
Date to the extent that it secures Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
outstanding on such date; (ii) any Security Interest upon the shares (or equity equivalent) the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary holds in, or its rights under a loan made to, a Project Entity for the benefit 
of the holders of the Relevant Indebtedness of such Project Entity; (iii) in the case of any entity which 
becomes a Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, which is deemed to become a Material 
Subsidiary) of any member of the Group after the Issue Date of the Notes, any Security Interest 
securing Relevant Indebtedness existing over its assets at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary or 
Material Subsidiary, as applicable, provided that the Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of or in connection with it becoming a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as applicable, 
and the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; (iv) 
any Security Interest created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security Interest 
is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted and secures 
only the obligations of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, to effect the 
conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets; (v) any Security Interest securing Relevant 
Indebtedness created in substitution of any Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iv) 
above over the same or substituted assets provided that (1) the principal amount secured by the 
substitute security does not exceed the principal amount outstanding and secured by the previous

--- Page 60 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 52 - 
66-41049013 
 
Security Interest and (2) in the case of substituted assets, the market value of the substituted assets as 
at the time of substitution does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced (as determined by 
an independent adviser of international repute appointed by the Issuer); and (vi) any Security Interest 
other than Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) to (v) above directly or indirectly securing 
Relevant Indebtedness, where the principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness (taken on the date 
such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred) which is secured or is otherwise directly or indirectly 
preferred to other general unsecured financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, 
as the case may be, does not exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the total net shareholders' equity of 
the Group (as disclosed in the most recent annual audited or half-year unaudited consolidated balance 
sheet of the Group); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Entity" means a company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, association, 
organisation or trust whose principal business is constituted by the ownership, acquisition, 
development, operation or maintenance of an asset or a project; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and their respective successors and/or, any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), in each case, solicited by (or 
with the consent of) the Issuer; 
"Recalculation Event" means, in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, 
Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP 
Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold (in each case, the "Relevant Value") the occurrence of any 
of the following: 
(a) 
a methodology change that significantly impacts the Relevant Value, including updated 
emission factors, improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols;  
(b) 
a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors that together have 
a significant impact; or 
(c) 
a structural change to the SLB Reporting Group that has a significant impact, including as a 
result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments or the outsourcing or insourcing of business 
activities

--- Page 61 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 53 - 
66-41049013 
 
(the date of occurrence of each of the above, the "Recalculation Date"), 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, a qualified second party opinion 
provider appointed by the Issuer reviews any recalculation or redetermination of the Relevant Value 
and confirms that it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, the original 
Relevant Value.  
As of the Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace the original Relevant Value 
and any reference to the Relevant Value in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the updated Relevant Value, it being understood that in the absence of such confirmation 
by a qualified second party opinion provider the original Relevant Value shall continue to apply. By 
purchasing the Sustainability-Linked Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for 
itself and any and all successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably authorised the Issuer to make any 
such recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as 
may be specified in these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms (including amounts payable in 
accordance with Conditions 11(f) and 11(g); 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Premium Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Premium Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event, a Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or an EVCP Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 54 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate; 
"Reference Year(s)" means the Reporting Year(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Reference Year(s); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, certificate or other security which is for the time being, or is capable of being 
listed or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any 
over-the-counter market) and which does not constitute Limited-recourse Borrowing; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency 
to which the reference rate relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any 
central bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) 
any other relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the 
country for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 55 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Reporting Requirements" means in respect of each Target Observation Period or Target 
Observation Date, as applicable, for any Reporting Year, the requirement that the Issuer publishes on 
its website: 
(a) 
(I) where a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event is applicable, the then current Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage; (II) where a Scope 3 Emissions Event is applicable, the then current Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio and the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage; and 
(III) where an EVCP Event is applicable, the then current EVCP Baseline, Number of EVCPs 
and the EVCP Increase, as well as in each case, the relevant calculation methodology 
(including any recalculation or redetermination as a result of a Recalculation Event and any 
Transaction Exclusion), which may be included in the annual report or non-financial 
statements of the Issuer (the "SLB Progress Report"); and 
(b) 
an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the "Assurance Report") in respect 
of the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage, 
Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage, Number of EVCPs and EVCP 
Increase specified in the SLB Progress Report, as the case may be (including any 
recalculation or redetermination thereof as a result of a Recalculation Event and any 
Transaction Exclusion). 
In order to comply with each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition and/or the EVCP Condition, the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report will be 
published no later than the Notification Deadline in relation to the relevant Target Observation Period 
or Target Observation Date, as applicable; 
"Reporting Year" means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each calendar year, 
commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are issued; 
"Requisite Number of Rating Agencies" means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of 
the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to 
the Notes or to the Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or 
withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Notes or to the 
Issuer; 
"Reserved Noteholder Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions" means, collectively: 
(a) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by the SLB Reporting 
Group ("Scope 1"); and 
(b) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity  purchased or otherwise 
acquired by the SLB Reporting Group calculated using the market-based approach ("Scope 
2"), 
in each case, in accordance with and subject to the definition of such Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
in the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount" means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated in good 
faith by the Issuer in respect of any Target Observation Period, assured by the Assurance Provider 
and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that the Issuer may, acting 
in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event;

--- Page 64 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 56 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline" means 146,266 tCO2e, being the sum of Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group during the Baseline Year, provided that the Issuer may, acting 
in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(c) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(d) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Target Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event" occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition, provided that no Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the 
Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition as a result of a change in law or regulation 
with an impact on the SLB Reporting Group’s Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, as determined in good faith 
by the Issuer; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Amount for such Target Observation Period is reduced in comparison to the then 
current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, assured by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date 
specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold 
Increase Notice, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) in accordance with the GHG 
Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions" means indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to the purchase of goods and 
services by the SLB Reporting Group, in accordance with and subject to the definition of scope 3 
emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 Emissions do not 
include any other item (other than the purchase of goods and services) specified for the calculation of 
scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Baseline" means 6.7, being the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of the Scope 
3 Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group and (b) the number of kilometres (calculated in millions) 
travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group, in each case, during the 
Baseline Year, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions 
Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence 
of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Target Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,

--- Page 65 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 57 - 
66-41049013 
 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 3 
Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Event" occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, 
provided that no Scope 3 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Scope 3 Emissions Condition as a result of (a) a change in law or regulation with an impact on the 
SLB Reporting Group’s Scope 3 Emissions or (b) the application of or a change in law or regulation 
imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions affecting infrastructure operated by the SLB 
Reporting Group, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target Observation Period, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 3 Emissions 
Ratio for such Target Observation Period is reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, assured by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect 
of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date 
specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold 
Increase Notice, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Ratio" means the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of the Scope 3 Emissions 
excluding any increase in greenhouse gas emissions related to (i) unforeseeable and non-recurring 
capital expenditure and/or maintenance works in respect of the SLB Reporting Group’s infrastructure 
and (ii) investments by the SLB Reporting Group for concession extensions and (b) the number of 
kilometres (calculated in millions) travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB 
Reporting Group, in each case, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of each Target 
Observation Period, assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB 
Progress Report; provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions 
Ratio in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of 
a Recalculation Event; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Shareholders" means Atlantia S.p.A., ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and 
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SLB Reporting Group" means in respect of the Baseline Year or any Reporting Year (including 
any Reference Year): 
(a) 
in respect of any determination relating to a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or a Scope 3 
Emissions Event, the Issuer and the Subsidiaries of the Issuer included in the scope of non-
financial information published by the Issuer in respect of such year, and subject to the 
application of the GHG Protocol Standard and the “operational control” approach described 
therein, in each case, as determined by the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of any determination relating to an EVCP Event, the Group at the relevant time,

--- Page 66 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 58 - 
66-41049013 
 
provided that if a member of the Group makes any acquisition, investment, divestment or disposal (a 
“Transaction”), the Issuer may exclude such Transaction from the determination of the SLB 
Reporting Group for a period that is no longer than two years following the completion of such 
Transaction (a “Transaction Exclusion”); 
"Step Up Date" means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of the next 
following Interest Period; 
"Step Up Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event, a Scope 
3 Emissions Event and/or an EVCP Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Step Up Margin(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step 
Up Margin(s); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
for the avoidance of doubt, entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the Shareholders but 
not controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, are not Subsidiaries of the Issuer; 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Sustainability-Linked Note Condition" means the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 
3 Emissions Condition and/or the EVCP Condition; 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes" means the Notes which are Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and/or Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, as applicable; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"Target Merger" means a merger of Abertis Participaciones, S.A. and Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., 
with either Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. or Abertis Participaciones, S.A. as the surviving entity; 
"Target Observation Date" means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
"Target Observation Period" means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and ending 
on 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;

--- Page 67 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 59 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Yield Redemption Date" means (a) if Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Par Redemption Date or (b) in all other cases, the Maturity Date; 
and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 16 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 16 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
(ix) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus 
or a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require); and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to 
time be, amended or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially

--- Page 68 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 60 - 
66-41049013 
 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in 
the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the 
authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred 
and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount 
of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new 
Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) 
the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on 
the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by 
the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless they qualify 
as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el 
que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent 
legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other outstanding, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 69 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 61 - 
66-41049013 
 
5. 
Negative Pledge  
 So long as any Notes, or any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of such Material 
Subsidiaries' present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; and 
(c) 
neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall give any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of any person (other than a Subsidiary of the Issuer),  
in each case, without at the same time or prior thereto, securing or guaranteeing the Notes and 
Coupons equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by the Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(e) shall apply to 
Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified 
therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for 
such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of 
Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination

--- Page 70 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 62 - 
66-41049013 
 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate 
Determination and referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or 
€STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate or rates in accordance 
with the process specified in sub-paragraphs (iv) and (v) below as if such rate(s) 
were the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and

--- Page 71 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 63 - 
66-41049013 
 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period (subject, where 
applicable, to substituting the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate 
of Interest for the initial Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" 
in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting 
as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has 
the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;

--- Page 72 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 64 - 
66-41049013 
 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and

--- Page 73 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 65 - 
66-41049013 
 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
"Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the 
basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7 where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined and where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is not SOFR (nor the 
then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR) and if the Issuer (to the extent practicable, in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") a Successor 
Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 66 - 
66-41049013 
 
(ii) 
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period.  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in 
each case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, 
such Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in 
each case, any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(h)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer 
is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to 
substituting the Relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Relevant Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest 
shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest Period; for the avoidance of doubt, the 
proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 7(h). 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), 
may also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest 
Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
(v) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
7(h), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) 
shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread). The Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
subject to any further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 7(h).  
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 7(h) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"). Consent of the Holders of the relevant Notes 
shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out in this Condition 
7(h), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if 
required). 
(vii) 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof 
to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders, which shall specify the effective

--- Page 75 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 67 - 
66-41049013 
 
date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
(viii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each 
case, the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(h); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
Adjustment Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for 
such purposes. 
7A.  
Interest – Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate Determination and referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR 
(a) 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that 
the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR and Index Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as not applicable:  
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 7(h) 
(Benchmark Replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), as the case may be, and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 7(h) 
(Benchmark replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), as the case may be, and subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation

--- Page 76 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 68 - 
66-41049013 
 
Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall 
be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (y) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the 
SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such 
guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase 
obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for 
purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
(iii) 
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), if, in respect of any Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly). 
(iv) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(v) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 7(h) 
(Benchmark replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), as the 
case may be, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the 
Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 77 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 69 - 
66-41049013 
 
(vi) 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 16, the last 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A(vii): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references 
in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall 
be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment 
Date instead. 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(i) 
where Lag, Lockout or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Observation Period. 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate, any 
day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a 
legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where €STR is specified as 
the Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑖 − 𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
ቁ − 1 
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
቏x 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or 
any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day.

--- Page 78 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 70 - 
66-41049013 
 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"Lockout Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date. 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Lookback Period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(ii) 
where Lockout is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
zero; and 
(iii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Lookback Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days). 
"r" means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(iii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(iv) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Lockout is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lockout Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(v) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Lockout is specified as the Observation Method:

--- Page 79 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 71 - 
66-41049013 
 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lockout Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(vi) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Lockout is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lockout Period), the €STR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(vii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the 
case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of 
the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(viii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case 
of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date; and 
(ix) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case 
of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date. 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lockout Period. 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, 
(i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the Observation Method, the 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business 
Day "i". 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the 
"SOFR Determination Time") on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day. 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of

--- Page 80 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 72 - 
66-41049013 
 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate 
by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(ii) 
where Lockout is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by 
the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period 
falling in the Lockout Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lockout Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference 
Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lockout Period. For these purposes 
the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(b) 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin: 
( 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑟𝑟
𝑑𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Compounded 
Index or €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest

--- Page 81 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 73 - 
66-41049013 
 
Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest 
Period). 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined. 
"€STR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily €STR rate as published at 9:15 
a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank (or a successor administrator of 
€STR) on the European Central Bank's Market Information Dissemination (MID) platform 
and Statistical Data Warehouse, or any successor source. 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days and 
in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, TARGET Settlement Days. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index and the 
€STR Compounded Index. 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR Compounded 
Index, and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each 
case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards). 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in 
the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR Compounded Index, and two in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index. 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 3:00 
p.m. (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of SOFR, 
as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or 
Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 7A(a) (Screen Rate 
Determination for FRNs referencing SONIA, SOFR and €STR) as if Index Determination was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate 
shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index, €STR in the case of €STR 
Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (ii) the Calculation Method 
shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be 
Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Lookback Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, 
(v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR, the provisions of Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
replacement) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 7A(b) or if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the

--- Page 82 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 74 - 
66-41049013 
 
provision of Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 7A(b), as applicable.  
(c) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is 
SOFR (or the then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR), in addition and notwithstanding 
the provisions above in Condition 5(d), as applicable, this Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, 
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. None of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents will have any liability for any 
determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark 
Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making 
any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor 
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and each 
Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its 
designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period), or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest 
Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the 
first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A(c): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 83 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 75 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(i) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (II) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (I) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (II) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (II) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine 
is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the 
later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):

--- Page 84 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 76 - 
66-41049013 
 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for the 
Notes in writing. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (I) if the Benchmark 
is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (II) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined 
by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 85 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 77 - 
66-41049013 
 
9. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the due date set out in the Final Terms. 
10. 
Step Up Event 
This Condition 10 (Step Up Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms 
indicate that the Step Up Event is applicable (the "Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes"). The Rate 
of Interest for Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate Determination 
and referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR)), Condition 7A (Interest – Floating Rate Notes applying 
Screen Rate Determination and referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) or Condition 9 (Fixed/Floating 
Rate Note Provisions), as applicable, and in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event 
has occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest Period 
commencing following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest, in the case that the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the Margin, in the case that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, shall be increased by the applicable Step Up Margin specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of a Step Up Event or satisfaction of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of a Step Up Event, 
by no later than the Step Up Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of 
Interest (in the case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable) or the Margin (in the case that 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable) and, in the case of a Step Up Event, the Step Up 
Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest resulting from a Step Up Event may 
occur only once in respect of Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Step Up Margin will not 
subsequently increase or decrease. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest, in the 
case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the Margin, in the case that the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin from the Interest Period 
commencing following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, but there shall be no further change to the 
Step Up Margin regardless of whether or not either such condition is subsequently satisfied or ceases 
to be satisfied. 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred 
or have any liability in respect thereof. 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 
14 (Payments – Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:

--- Page 86 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 78 - 
66-41049013 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 11(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) 
at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed 
as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if 
applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is 
equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) 
at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption 
Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a

--- Page 87 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 79 - 
66-41049013 
 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), 
at which the yield to the Yield Redemption Date of such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the 
Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent.  
In respect of a redemption of Sustainability-Linked Notes and, either, the calculation of the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) (and the Final Redemption Amount for this purpose) or, as the case may 
be, the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
to the Yield Redemption Date for the purpose of the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount or 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, as applicable, if the most recently published SLB 
Progress Report and Assurance Report for a Reporting Year preceding such notice of redemption 
shows that the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition and/or the EVCP 
Condition, has not been satisfied where such Reporting Year is a Reference Year or as applicable, 
would not have been satisfied had such Reporting Year been a Reference Year then:  
(1)  
the Rate of Interest, in the case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the 
Margin, in the case that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, shall be increased 
by the relevant Step Up Margin(s) (in each case, from the date that would have been the Step 
Up Date had a redemption of the Notes not occurred); and/or  
(2)  
the Final Redemption Amount in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked 
Notes shall be deemed to have increased by the Redemption Premium Amount.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, 
then the Make Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, 
the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers 
of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in 
part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 11(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with, in the 
case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11(e), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld 
or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at 
such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall 
hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in

--- Page 88 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 80 - 
66-41049013 
 
accordance with this Condition 11(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be 
deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of Control Put Option: If Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, 
a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of 
Control and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the 
Change of Control Period), or  
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event 
in respect of that Change of Control occurs, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 11(j) (Illegality)) to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with 
(or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons 
acting in concert, in each case other than the Shareholders or any person or persons acting on behalf 
of the Shareholders, acquire(s) control directly or indirectly of the Issuer. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by the 
Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade 
rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to 
the Notes or to the Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment grade 
rating (as described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, 
or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either 
to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better 
(in the case of (z)) by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency 
making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the 
Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an 
investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Change of Control. If on the Relevant 
Announcement Date the Issuer or the Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, 
at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or before 
the 90th calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies 
or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control 
Period and as a result of the relevant Change of Control, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-
/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency 
publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the 
failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change 
of Control. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Issuer or any bidder or any designated 
advisor, of the relevant Change of Control, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement 
Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency

--- Page 89 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 81 - 
66-41049013 
 
has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the 
Issuer or the Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing 
on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop 
Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer or the Notes under consideration for rating review either 
entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control, the 
Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such 
public announcement by such Rating Agency.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 24 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option 
contained in this Condition 11(f). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change 
of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
"Change of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from 
the Fiscal Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 11(f). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, 
at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to 
the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is 
the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Optional 
Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption 
Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with 
such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of 
Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(g) 
Material Asset Sale Put Option: If at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, within the Material Asset Sale Period, 
a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs (such Material 
Asset Sale and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the 
Material Asset Sale Period), or  
(B) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Material 
Asset Sale, the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event 
in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs, 
(each, a "Material Asset Sale Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Material 
Asset Sale Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 11(j) (Illegality)) to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with 
(or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(g): 
A "Material Asset Sale" shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time following the Issue Date of 
the Notes, the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or some of the shares of one or more 
Principal Subsidiaries with the result that the Issuer ceases to have control over such Principal 
Subsidiaries.

--- Page 90 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 82 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Principal Subsidiary" means any member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) 
which accounts for more than 30. per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group as of the date 
of the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group (the "Most Recent 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group"), where:  
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the EBITDA 
generated by such member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) (on a 
standalone basis without double counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such 
company; and  
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the EBITDA 
of all members of the Group, (in each case as determined by multiplying the assets owned or 
revenues generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such company), 
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the 
Group. 
"EBITDA", in relation to any Material Asset Sale, means profit (loss) from operations plus the 
depreciation and amortisation charge and changes in impairments losses on assets, in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) by reference to the 
most recent annual audited financial accounts of the Group preceding the relevant Material Asset 
Sale. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Material Asset Sale if 
(within the Material Asset Sale Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer 
by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned 
to the Notes or to the Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment 
grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ 
to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Material Asset Sale Period 
subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either 
to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better 
(in the case of (z)) by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency 
making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the 
Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the withdrawal, lowering of the rating or the failure to assign 
an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Material Asset Sale. If on the Relevant 
Announcement Date the Issuer or the Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, 
at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or before 
the 90th calendar day after the start of the Material Asset Sale Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies 
or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Material Asset Sale 
Period and as a result of the relevant Material Asset Sale, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-
/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency 
publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the 
failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Material Asset Sale. 
"Material Asset Sale Period" means the period beginning on the date of the Formal Material Asset 
Sale Announcement (the "Relevant Announcement Date") and ending 90 days after the Relevant 
Announcement Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other 
Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
its rating of the Issuer or the Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the 
period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the 
Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer or the Notes under consideration for 
rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement, 
the Material Asset Sale Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such 
public announcement by such Rating Agency.

--- Page 91 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 83 - 
66-41049013 
 
"Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement" means the first of any formal public announcements 
of the occurrence of the relevant Material Asset Sale in respect of the Issuer.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Material Asset Sale Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (a "Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 24 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Material Asset Sale and the circumstances 
giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Material Asset Sale Put Option contained in this 
Condition 11(g). 
To exercise the Material Asset Sale Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Material 
Asset Sale Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
"Material Asset Sale Put Period") of 45 days after a Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from 
the Fiscal Agent (a "Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 11(g). 
A Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, 
at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Material Asset 
Sale Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such 
Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date 
which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Material Asset Sale Put Period (the "Optional 
Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption 
Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with 
such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Material 
Asset Sale Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or 
otherwise). 
(h) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice 
(or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, 
which shall be no earlier than three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes or such 
shorter time period as may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Par Redemption Date"). 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the 
"Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice 
(or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) all, but not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the relevant Notes, the Issuer will, subject to 
having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which Notice shall 
be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of 
such redemption.  
(k) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided 
in Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 11(j) (Illegality) above.

--- Page 92 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 84 - 
66-41049013 
 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 11(l) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(m) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
12. 
Redemption Premium Event 
This Condition 12 (Redemption Premium Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Event is applicable (the "Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes"). If a Redemption Premium Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and a Redemption Premium Event has occurred, then upon redemption of 
any Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with these Conditions, each 
such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed at its applicable 
Redemption Amount plus the Redemption Premium Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and applicable to such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and references to the 
applicable Redemption Amount in these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether the condition set out in sub-paragraph (b) 
of each Sustainability-Linked Note Condition has been satisfied in respect of a Target Observation 
Date or a Target Observation Period may only occur following the publication of the SLB Progress 
Report for such Target Observation Date or a Target Observation Period or, if later, following the 
Notification Deadline for such Target Observation Date or Target Observation Period, as the case 
may be. 
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of a Redemption Premium Event or satisfaction of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 24 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of the relevant Redemption Premium Amount may occur 
only once in respect of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant 
Redemption Premium Amount may not subsequently be disapplied, reduced or increased, regardless 
of whether or not either the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is subsequently satisfied 
or ceases to be satisfied. 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Redemption Premium 
Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
13. 
Threshold Increase 
The Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to 
increase the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold with respect to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The

--- Page 93 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 85 - 
66-41049013 
 
Issuer will give notice of such increase to the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable (a "Threshold Increase Notice"). Any Threshold Increase Notice shall be unconditional 
and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent Threshold Increase Notice further increasing the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or 
the EVCP Increase Threshold, if applicable) and shall specify the date on which any such increase is 
effective (the "Threshold Increase Effective Date"), which for the avoidance of doubt may be the 
date of the Threshold Increase Notice or such other date as may be specified. On the relevant 
Threshold Increase Effective Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold, as applicable, will 
be effective and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Sustainability-Linked Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold, as applicable, made 
in accordance with this Condition 13, without the need of any consent of the Noteholders. 
14. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 14 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of 
a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the 
full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted 
by applicable U.S. law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 16 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will 
be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment;

--- Page 94 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 86 - 
66-41049013 
 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 14(f) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 11 (Redemption and Purchase) 
or Condition 17 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph 
(c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 18 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of 
any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon 
will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
15. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 15 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City

--- Page 95 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 87 - 
66-41049013 
 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) 
on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is 
surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent 
and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for 
payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 15 arriving after the due date 
for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the 
case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount 
and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on 
the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").Where payment in respect 
of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the 
address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
16. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or 
any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have

--- Page 96 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 88 - 
66-41049013 
 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or 
surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such 
period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of the Bond if the Issuer does 
not receive in a timely manner certain information about the Bonds of such holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any 
implementing legislation or regulation. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer 
on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.  
17. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes or fails to pay 
any amount of interest in respect of the Notes, in each case on the due date for payment thereof and 
such failure continues for fifteen (15) days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, if such default remains unremedied for 60 days after 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to comply with the 
Reporting Requirements or a failure to reach the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold will not of itself 
constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (howsoever described); or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) is not paid when due or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due and upon the expiry of any 
applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, 
or indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing); 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in 
respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this sub-paragraph (c) have occurred 
equals or exceeds €150,000,000) in aggregate principal amount or its equivalent; or

--- Page 97 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 89 - 
66-41049013 
 
(d) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries (other than in relation to Permitted Security Interest) and is not discharged 
or stayed within 180 days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order 
from which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment 
of any amount in excess of €150,000,000 or its equivalent, whether individually or in aggregate, is 
rendered against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is incorporated and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a 
period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than in respect of 
any Limited recourse Borrowing), present or future, securing an amount equal to or in excess of 
€150,000,000, created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce 
it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar 
person); or 
(g) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(h) 
Insolvency Proceedings: any corporate action or legal proceedings is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the several suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, administration or 
reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of 
the Issuer (other than a solvent liquidation or pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation of such 
persons); or 
(ii) 
a composition, assignment or arrangement with all creditors of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the bankruptcy, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer, or any of the assets of the Issuer in 
connection with any insolvency proceedings; or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer, 
provided that any such corporate action or legal proceedings which is not initiated, approved or 
consented to by the Issuer, is not discharged or stayed within 180 days; or 
(i) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer, or the Issuer or any successor resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation 
ceases, or through an official action of its board of directors threatens to cease, to carry on, directly 
or indirectly, the whole or substantially the whole of the business the Issuer carried on directly (on a 
non-consolidated basis) at the relevant Issue Date (otherwise than for the purposes of, or pursuant to, 
a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
18. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in

--- Page 98 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 90 - 
66-41049013 
 
respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
19. 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons, any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the 
Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. 
The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 14 (Form of Deed Poll), and may take place only if 
(i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or 
by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant 
and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, 
(ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes and Coupons shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll and a deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 15 (Form of Deed of 
Guarantee) (the "Deed of Guarantee"), (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant and Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Documents") 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or the guarantor (as 
applicable), and in the case of the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, 
(v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Documents and, as the case may 
be, the Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and, as the case may be, the Issuer as guarantor, and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 
14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution 
the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 17 (Events of Default) to 
obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll and the Deed 
of Guarantee and the events listed in Condition 17 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that 
guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect and the 
provisions of Conditions 17(c) (Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary) to 17(i) (Change of 
Business) inclusive shall be deemed to apply in addition to the guarantor. 
20. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in 
the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
21. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 99 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 91 - 
66-41049013 
 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
22. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, 
that Reserved Noteholder Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties 
to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless, in the opinion of the Issuer 
(acting in good faith), it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error 
or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer (acting in good faith), not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of Floating Rate 
Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for 
consent of the Noteholders. 
23. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 92 - 
66-41049013 
 
24. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail 
(or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of 
mailing. 
25. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
26. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status), which is governed by Spanish 
law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 26(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London EC4A 4AB, 
or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England 
or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 101 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 93 - 
66-41049013 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore)(as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated []

--- Page 102 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 94 - 
66-41049013 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020/2021/2022] Terms 
and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020/15 March 
2021/8 March 2022] and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 
[and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020/15 
March 2021/8 March 2022] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 
Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 26 below [which is expected to occur on 
or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 103 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 95 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral 
multiples of the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Event]] 
 
 
 
[[][] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Notes, except for in the context of Zero 
Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more than 
100% of the Notes) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the 
Interest Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option]

--- Page 104 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 96 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below)] 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, commencing from []] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
[vi] below/, unadjusted]  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest 
payable for any Interest Period is to be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6(e)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Additional Business Centre(s)]: 
[] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / 
No Adjustment]

--- Page 105 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 97 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Determination:   
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment Date 
at the end of each Interest Period; provided that the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date  
(Include this wording for Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement 
of the Fiscal Agent.)  
(In the case of SONIA, SOFR or €STR) [[] London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date 
 
[The date falling [] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 
Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
 
•            "p": 
[]

--- Page 106 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 98 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method:  
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Lockout/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Lookback 
Period:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Lookback Period should be at least 
as many Business Days before the Interest Payment 
Date as the Interest Determination Date. "Observation 
Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date:  
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is 
applicable: 
 
 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
€STR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date:  
[]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[]/[As per the Conditions]   
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is 
five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is 
applicable.)

--- Page 107 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 99 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
• 
Relevant Number:  
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
• 
Numerator:  
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[]/ EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded 
Index / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout

--- Page 108 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 100 - 
66-41049013 
 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
17. 
Step Up Event 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event]

--- Page 109 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 101 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(iii) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(iv) 
[Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(v) 
[EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(vi) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[and] [Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the 
last day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] [in the case of [specify relevant 
period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[]

--- Page 110 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 102 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
22. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
25. 
Condition 14(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Redemption Premium Event 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 103 - 
66-41049013 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event [] [and []] 
 
 
(ii) Redemption Premium Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
 
(iii) [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(iv) [Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(v) [EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(vi) Redemption Premium Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline 
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the last 
day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice]

--- Page 112 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 104 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note] 
 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
29. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 113 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 105 - 
66-41049013 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[].] [Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a

--- Page 114 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 106 - 
66-41049013 
 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates and volatility can be obtained 
[but not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[]

--- Page 115 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 107 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised

--- Page 116 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 108 - 
66-41049013 
 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi)    Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 109 - 
66-41049013 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, OR WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] / []] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as

--- Page 118 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 110 - 
66-41049013 
 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"]1 (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated []] (together, the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the 
Notes described herein for the and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020/2021/2022] Terms 
and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020/15 March 
2021/8 March 2022] and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023. This Pricing 
Supplement contains the pricing supplement of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the 
relevant information ([together], the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in 
the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020/15 March 2021/8 March 2022] and are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes 
described herein.] 
The Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London 
EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and 
will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
 
 
1 Select this option for "structured notes" or "asset-backed securities" as defined in the SFA

--- Page 119 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 111 - 
66-41049013 
 
in paragraph 27 below [which is expected to occur on 
or about []].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral 
multiples of the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Event]] 
 
 
 
[[][] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Notes, except for in the context of Zero 
Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more than 
100% of the Notes) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the 
Interest Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 120 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 112 - 
66-41049013 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below)] 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, commencing from []] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
[vi] below/, unadjusted]  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest 
payable for any Interest Period is to be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6(e)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / [other Day Count Fraction listed in the 
Conditions]] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Additional Business Centre(s)]: 
[] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment  
Dates: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 113 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention / 
[any other Business Day Convention listed in the 
Conditions]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Determination:   
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment Date 
at the end of each Interest Period; provided that the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date 
(Include this wording for Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement 
of the Fiscal Agent.) 
(In the case of SONIA, SOFR or €STR) [[] London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 114 - 
66-41049013 
 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 
Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
•            "p": 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lockout/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Lookback 
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Lookback Period should be at least 
as many Business Days before the Interest Payment 
Date as the Interest Determination Date. "Observation 
Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is applicable: 
 
 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
€STR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place: 
[]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 123 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 115 - 
66-41049013 
 
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is 
five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is 
applicable.) 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
• 
Numerator: 
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[]/ EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded 
Index / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 124 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 116 - 
66-41049013 
 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / [other]] 
 
17. 
Step Up Event 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 125 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 117 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13]] 
 
 
(v) 
[EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[and] [Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the 
last day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] [in the case of [specify relevant 
period/date(s)]]

--- Page 126 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 118 - 
66-41049013 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
22. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
[] [per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 127 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 119 - 
66-41049013 
 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
25. 
Condition 14(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Redemption Premium Event 
[Applicable the Notes constitute Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
 
(ii) Redemption Premium Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
 
(iii) [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(iv) [Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(v) [EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(vi) Redemption Premium Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of 
the occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium 
Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[and] [Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the 
last day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:

--- Page 128 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 120 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note] 
 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
29. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
32. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(consider if additional risk factors are 
required) 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 129 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 121 - 
66-41049013 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [] 
with effect from [].] [Application will be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [] with effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is

--- Page 130 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 122 - 
66-41049013 
 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]/ 
 
 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates and volatility can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining 
details of performance].] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[]

--- Page 131 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 123 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will

--- Page 132 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 124 - 
66-41049013 
 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 125 - 
66-41049013 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note 
is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on 
behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. 
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective 
to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day 
which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" 
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option or Material Asset Sale Put Option: In order to exercise 
the option contained in Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 11(f) (Change of 
Control Put Option) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to 
the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other

--- Page 134 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 126 - 
66-41049013 
 
relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 0 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered 
Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 24 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 24 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed 
at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) 
above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or 
other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any 
such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a 
particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having 
rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 135 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 127 - 
66-41049013 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes including 
the repayment or refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 128 - 
66-41049013 
 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 
Incorporation and Status 
The Company was incorporated in Barcelona, Spain on 24 February 1967 pursuant to the Spanish Companies Act 
as a public limited company (a sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the name Autopistas, Concesionaria Española, 
S.A., subsequently changed to Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. The Company is incorporated for an unlimited term 
and operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Company is at Paseo de la Castellana, 89, floor 
9, 28046 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is +34 915951000. The Company is registered with the Madrid 
Commercial Registry at volume (tomo) 36,981, sheet (folio) 180 and page (hoja) M-660899.  
Share Capital and Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Company amounts to €2,133,062,968.14 represented 
by 911,565,371 shares with a nominal value of €2.34 per share. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 98.7 per 
cent. of the Company's share capital is held by Abertis HoldCo, S.A. ("Abertis HoldCo"), which in turn has three 
shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds a 50 per cent. stake plus one share, ACS Actividades de 
Construcción y Servicios, S.A. ("ACS") holds a 30 per cent. stake and its subsidiary Hochtief AG ("Hochtief") 
has a 20 per cent. stake minus one share. See "Information on the Group—History—Acquisition by Atlantia, ACS 
and Hochtief" and "Risk Factors—The interests of the Group's shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests 
of holders of Notes". 
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled "Information on the Group – 
History" in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled "Information on the 
Group – Overview of the Group's Business" in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of the 
board of directors of the Company as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside 
the Group 
Mr. Marcelino Fernández Verdes  
Chairman 
N/A 
Mr. Francisco José Aljaro Navarro 
 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
N/A 
Mr. Pedro José López Jiménez 
 
Director 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Hochtief, Board 
Member of ACS & Non-
executive Director of CIMIC 
Group 
Mr. Carlo Bertazzo 
Director 
CEO of Atlantia 
Mr. Claudio Boada Pallerés 
Director 
Senior Advisor of Blackstone 
for Spain and Portugal

--- Page 137 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 129 - 
66-41049013 
 
 
The business address of each of the members of the board of directors at the date of this Base Prospectus is Paseo 
de la Castellana 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain.  
Credit Ratings 
The Company has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook) and BBB (negative outlook) 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), respectively. The 
Company has been assigned short term credit ratings of A-3, and F3 by S&P and Fitch, respectively. Each of S&P 
and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Company to the 
Company and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
 
 
Mr. José Luis Del Valle Pérez 
Director 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Hochtief, Board 
Member and General Secretary 
of ACS & Non-executive 
Director of CIMIC Group 
Mr. Ángel García Altozano 
Director 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Hochtief 
Mr. Enrico Laghi 
Director 
CEO of Edizione 
Mr. Giampiero Massolo 
Director 
Chairman of Atlantia

--- Page 138 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 130 - 
66-41049013 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
History 
The Group is one of the world's leading toll road manager in terms of kilometres ("km") managed, with 
approximately 7,700 km of high-capacity and quality roads and operations in 15 countries in Europe, the Americas 
and Asia. The Group is a leading toll road operator in countries such as Spain, Chile and Brazil, and has a notable 
and significant presence in France, Italy, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Argentina. The Group also owns two 
concessions in India and one in the United States (the "USA"). 
Acquisition by Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief 
In order to make a joint investment in the Company, Atlantia, Hochtief and ACS entered into an agreement, as 
amended, on 23 October 2018 (the "Shareholder Agreement"). The Shareholder Agreement has an initial term 
of 10 years with the aim of developing a long-term industrial project based, on the one hand, on the expertise of 
ACS and Hochtief in the fields of construction, management, and infrastructure O&M (operation and 
maintenance) and, on the other hand, Atlantia's (together with ACS and Hochtief, the "Parties") expertise as a 
global operator in the transport infrastructure industry, in particular with regards to toll roads, which, together 
with the Company's expertise and asset portfolio, will lead to the consolidation of their respective businesses. In 
addition, under the Shareholder Agreement, the Parties are restricted from transferring all or any portion of their 
shares in Abertis Holdco prior to the 5th anniversary of the date when Abertis Participaciones, S.A.U. ("Abertis 
Participaciones") (which was subsequently absorbed by the Company on 15 March 2019) acquired 98.7 per cent. 
of the Company's share capital from Hochtief, without the prior written consent of the other Parties. 
The Parties intend to develop a strategic long-term partnership with the aim of maximising the synergies between 
the Parties in the form of new PPPs (public private partnerships), including both greenfield and brownfield 
projects. For this purpose, the Parties have a commercial agreement whose scope applies to greenfield and 
brownfield toll projects and sets a framework for cooperation. 
In this context: 
"greenfield projects" are projects that involve the construction, financing, operation and maintenance of toll roads, 
and 
"brownfield projects" are projects related to toll roads which have already been constructed and are tendered 
during the operation phase, including investments (capex) to facilitate the development of the project or 
infrastructure capacity increases. 
Regarding greenfield projects in core ACS or Hochtief markets, ACS and/or Hochtief will identify business 
opportunities related to toll road projects and will invite Abertis and/or Atlantia to participate in their projects. The 
Parties will analyse the size of the project and ways of increasing the consortium's chances of being prequalified. 
The Parties will have pro-rata stakes in the projects according to the following agreed percentages: 60 per cent. 
the Company, 20 per cent. Atlantia, 20 per cent. ACS and/or Hochtief. 
As regards brownfield projects, the Company and Atlantia will have the opportunity to join the project and ACS 
and/or Hochtief may be invited to participate to the extent that they can bring relevant expertise into the project. 
The terms of any such collaboration would be agreed on an arm's length basis between the parties. 
The Shareholder Agreement grants Atlantia a right of first offer in the case of disposals of the Company's toll road 
assets. It grants a right of first offer to the Company and/or Atlantia in the case of disposals of ACS's stakes in toll 
road concessions. 
In addition, the Shareholder Agreement includes the following terms: 
(i) 
The Company had a 3-year dividend policy applicable for the fiscal years 2018 to 2020, envisaging the 
distribution of an annual dividend of an average of €875 million per annum, on the assumption that this 
amount is compatible with a senior unsecured credit rating of at least BBB from Standard & Poor's 
("S&P") for the Notes issued by the Company. At the expiry of the 2018 to 2020 period and thereafter 
every 3 years, the parties will set a dividend policy where the dividends will be the highest possible 
compatible with a minimum rating target of at least BBB from S&P for the Notes issued by the Company. 
If at any time there is a realistic risk of a rating downgrade to BBB-, the Parties will apply a reduction to

--- Page 139 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 131 - 
66-41049013 
 
the dividend distribution of the Company, provided that it will not fall below 55.5 per cent. of the 
envisaged distribution, to maintain the minimum rating target of at least BBB for the Notes. If at any time 
there is a realistic risk of a rating downgrade to below BBB-, the Parties will apply a reduction of the 
envisaged distribution to the minimum amount required to maintain a credit rating of at least a BBB- for 
the Notes. 
If the consolidated group credit profile of Atlantia is downgraded by S&P to such a level that, as a 
consequence, the senior unsecured credit rating for any Notes issued by the Company is downgraded by 
S&P to BBB- or lower, the minimum rating target for the notes shall be intended to be BBB- and therefore 
the dividend policy of Abertis shall be anchored to such lower minimum target rating. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the senior unsecured credit rating of the Company from S&P is 
BBB- (stable outlook). On 3 November 2020, the board of directors approved the new financial policy 
setting dividends payable in 2021 and 2022 at €600 million per annum. 
(ii) 
Based on the shareholding of each of Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief described above, out of a total of five 
members of the board of directors of the Company, Atlantia will have the power to appoint three members 
(including the chief executive officer) and each of ACS and Hochtief will have the power to appoint one 
member, with certain Reserved Matters (as defined below) requiring at least one vote from a director 
nominated by Atlantia and one vote from a director nominated by either ACS or Hochtief. From the date 
of the approval of the 2018 consolidated annual accounts of the Company, the total number of members 
of the board can be increased to nine by a written request from any of Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief, 
maintaining the proportion of nominees by each of the shareholders. 
(iii) 
In the event that either Atlantia or the ACS group hold less than 35 per cent. of the Company's share 
capital, such entity or entities shall cease to be a party of the Shareholder Agreement. 
"Reserved Matters" means (i) any amendments of the Company's by-laws; (ii) any issuance of any equity-linked 
instruments and/or synthetic instruments, excluding an issuance required under the Shareholder Agreement for 
the purpose of maintaining an investment grade rating; (iii) the entering into a merger, de-merger, segregation, a 
global assignment of assets and liabilities, a transfer of the registered office abroad or similar business combination 
transactions or transformations ("modificaciones estructurales") other than transactions between wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of the Group, Abertis Holdco and Abertis Participaciones; (iv) applying for a listing, a public offering 
for sale or subscription of all or part of the shares of Abertis Holdco or the Company, as applicable, except as 
otherwise provided in the Shareholder Agreement; (v) the distribution of dividends or reserves other than in 
accordance with the dividend policy set forth in the Shareholder Agreement; (vi) any M&A transaction (for 
example, acquisitions, disposals or equity investments in assets, or participations in projects) with a value above 
€80,000,000, in aggregate for one financial year; (vii) any modification to the financial policy or dividend policy 
of the Group as set forth in the Shareholder Agreement; and (viii) any transactions between a member of the Group 
and Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief, their affiliates or a related party, other than those permitted under the Shareholder 
Agreement ("Permitted Transactions"). Permitted Transactions include those effected to maximise synergies in 
countries in which both the Company and Atlantia are present. 
Simplified Organisational Structure 
Set forth on the next page is an organisational chart of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 140 ---
10251158530-v20 
- 132 - 
66-41049013

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
KPIs 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators ("KPIs") of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 
2021 and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
KPI 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022
(€Mn)
Group 
 
 
 
  
 EBITDA 
 
 
3,351 
3,536
EBIT 
279 
1,338
GROSS DEBT 
27,257 
25,894
 
NET DEBT(1) 
23,350 
21,809
 
CAPEX 
634 
818
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH FLOW 
2,097 
3,318
 
FY2021 
(%) 
FY2022
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
69 
69
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
100 
100
Notes: 
(1) 
 
Net debt over EBITDA was 6.17 and 6.97 for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December
2021, respectively. 
 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group by concession operator (revenue and EBITDA generated 
by the operation of toll roads) as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended. 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 22 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 22) 
 FY2021 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2021 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2022 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
France ..... Sanef: 
- A-1 (Paris-Lille) 
- A-2 (Combles-Hordain) 
- A-4 (Paris-Strasbourg) 
- A-16 (Paris-Boulougne sur 
Mer/Dunkerque) 
- A-26 (Calais-Reims/Châlons-
Troyes) 
- A-29 (Amiens-Saint-
Quentin/Amiens-Neufchâtel-en-
Bray) 
100% 
 
1,396 
 
24,988 
 
9 
 
1,247 
 
901 
 
1,387 
 
998 
Sapn: 
- A-13 (Paris-Caen) 
- A-14 (Paris La Défense-
Orgeval) 
- A-29 (Le Havre-Saint Quentin) 
100% 
 
372 
 
26,800 
 
11 
 
414 
 
278 
 
467 
 
352

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 22 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 22) 
 FY2021 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2021 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2022 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Spain 
Avasa: 
- AP-68 (Bilbao-Saragossa) 
100% 
 
294 
 
14,206 
 
4 
 
151 
 
104 
 
171 
 
129 
Aucat: 
- C-32 (Castelldefels-Sitges-El 
Vendrell) 
100% 
 
47 
 
24,694 
 
16 
 
93 
 
75 
 
104 
 
87 
Castellana: 
- AP-6 (Villalba-Adanero) 
- AP-51 (Villacastín-Ávila) 
- AP-61 (San Rafael-Segovia) 
100% 
 
120 
 
17,063 
 
7 
 
112 
 
81 
 
129 
 
94 
Aulesa: 
- AP-71 (León-Astorga) 
100% 
 
38 
 
4,471 
 
32 
 
7 
 
3 
 
7 
 
3 
Trados 45: 
- M-45 stretch II 
51% 
 
14 
 
80,946 
 
7 
 
35 
 
32 
 
34 
 
30 
Túnels: 
- Vallvidrera tunnel 
- Cadí tunnel 
50% 
 
46 
 
14,017 
 
15 
 
51 
 
39 
 
62 
 
49 
Autema (*): 
- C-16 Sant Cugat-Terrasa-
Manresa 
24% 
 
48 
 
15,565 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brazil 
Intervias:  
- Autopista Monsenhor 
Clodoaldo de Paiva/Engenheiro 
João/ Deputado Laércio Corte 
- Anel Viário Prefeito Jamil 
Bacar 
- Autopista Gilberto Sila Telles 
- Autopista Wilson Finardi 
- Autopista Vicente Botta 
- Autopista Doutor Paulo 
- Via Anhanguera 
- Autopista Comendador 
Virgolino de Oliveira 
42% 
 
380 
 
10,614 
 
4 
 
74 
 
52 
 
101 
 
72 
ViaPaulista: 
- (Araraquara-Itaporanga) 
42% 
 
721 
 
7,266 
 
25 
 
71 
 
39 
 
99 
 
50 
Fernão Dias: 
- (São Paulo-Belo Horizonte) 
42% 
 
570 
 
26,395 
 
10 
 
58 
 
28 
 
74 
 
39 
Fluminense: 
- (Río de Janeiro-Espírito Santo) 
42% 
 
320 
 
15,218 
 
10 
 
38 
 
20 
 
59 
 
36 
Régis Bittencourt: 
- (Curitiba-São Paulo) 
42% 
 
390 
 
24,886 
 
10 
 
78 
 
50 
 
100 
 
66 
Litoral Sul: 
- (Palhoça/ Florianápolis-
Curitiba/Quatro Barras) 
42% 
 
406 
 
39,538 
 
10 
 
83 
 
55 
 
103 
 
62 
Planalto Sul: 
- (Capao Alto-Curitiba) 
42% 
 
413 
 
7,917 
 
10 
 
28 
 
14 
 
38 
 
20

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 22 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 22) 
 FY2021 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2021 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2022 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Chile(1) 
Elqui(2): 
- Los Vilos-La Serena 
80% 
 
229 
 
8,419 
 
0 
 
26 
 
14 
 
36 
 
25 
Rutas del Pacífico: 
- Santiago de Chile- Valparaíso- 
Viña del Mar 
80% 
 
141 
 
41,664 
 
2 
 
99 
 
76 
 
124 
 
100 
Autopistas del Sol(3): 
- Santiago de Chile- San Antonio 
80% 
 
133 
 
- 
 
0 
 
75 
 
62 
 
0 
 
 (5) 
Autopista de los Andes: 
- Los Andes-Ruta 5 Norte 
80% 
 
92 
 
10,677 
 
14 
 
31 
 
19 
 
36 
 
24 
Autopista de los Libertadores: 
- Santiago-Colina-Los Andes 
80% 
 
116 
 
23,665 
 
3 
 
17 
 
5 
 
22 
 
11 
Autopista Central: 
- Eje Norte-Sur 
- Eje General Velásquez 
80% 
 
62 
 
97,669 
 
9 
 
242 
 
202 
 
320 
 
276 
Italy 
Autostrada Brescia Verona 
Vicenza Padova (A4): 
- A4 (Brescia-Padova) 
- A31(Piovene Rocchette-Badia 
Polesine) 
90% 
 
236 
 
64,707 
 
4 
 
378 
 
191 
 
412 
 
222 
Mexico 
FARAC I: 
- Maravatío-Zapotlanejo 
- Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno 
- León-Aguascalientes 
- Guadalajara-Zapotlanejo 
- Jiquilpan-La Barca(4) 
53% 
 
800(5) 
 
11,572 
 
25 
 
398 
 
327 
 
534 
 
445 
COVIQSA:  
- Querétaro-Irapuato 
53% 
 
93 
 
36,066 
 
4 
 
38 
 
33 
 
44 
 
37 
CONIPSA: 
- Irapuato-La Piedad 
53% 
 
74 
 
24,199 
 
3 
 
3 
 
0 
 
5 
 
0 
COTESA:  
- Tepic-San Blas 
53% 
 
31 
 
3,645 
 
23 
 
3 
 
2 
 
4 
 
2 
AUTOVIM: 
- Zamora-Ecuandureo 
53% 
 
14 
 
3,030 
 
17 
 
1 
 
1 
 
2 
 
2 
Puerto 
Rico 
(USA) ...... 
Metropistas: 
- PR-22 San Juan-Arecibo 
- PR-5 San Juan-Bayamón 
51% 
 
88 
 
69,767 
 
39 
 
134 
 
99 
 
153 
 
114 
APR: 
- Teodoro Moscoso Bridge 
100% 
 
2 
 
20,497 
 
21 
 
22 
 
18 
 
27 
 
22 
Argentina GCO: 
- Buenos Aires-Luján 
42.87% 
 
56 
 
87,175 
 
8 
 
49 
 
6 
 
60 
 
9 
Ausol: 
- Autopista Panamericana 
- Autopista General Paz 
32% 
 
119 
 
91,376 
 
8 
 
77 
 
17 
 
88 
 
20 
USA 
ERC: 
55.2% 
 
12 
 
34,547 
 
47 
 
86 
 
42 
 
108 
 
57

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 22 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 22) 
 FY2021 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2021 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2022 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
India 
TTPL: 
- NH 45 Trichy-Ulundurpet 
100% 
 
94 
 
23,857 
 
4 
 
17 
 
11 
 
21 
 
14 
JEPL: 
- NH 44 Hyderabad-Jadcherla 
100% 
 
58 
 
32,965 
 
4 
 
15 
 
11 
 
19 
 
14 
 
Notes: 
(*) 
Investments in associates which are accounted for using the equity method. 
(1) 
The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (Adia) maintains through various shareholdings the equivalent to a 20% interest in the 
economic rights of the Company's business in Chile. 
(2)  This concession expired on 16 December 2022. 
(3)  This concession originally expired on 21 November 2021 and was extended until its final expiration on 21 March 2022. 
(4) 
No tolls are paid on this section of the FARAC I route, so the Average Daily Traffic for FARAC I does not take into account 
the traffic of this section. 
(5) 
Including 136 km of Ramales.  
 
Overview of the Group's Business 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group's assets and operations are located in 15 countries across 
Europe, North America, South America and Asia. The Group's business is the development, maintenance and 
operation of toll road projects under concession agreements. Concession agreements are contracts under which 
a public sector entity agrees with a private company to construct and operate certain infrastructure for a period 
of time in consideration for the right to collect tolls, with the private company returning the infrastructure to 
the public sector entity at the end of the term of the concession. 
The Group's current strategy focuses on a long-term outlook for investments, sustainable growth and national 
and international competitiveness, an approach of a global nature, a mission to actively participate in 
management and to ensure service quality and a close relationship with the Group's customers. The strategy 
aims, by means of efficient management and rigorous analysis of opportunities, to grow profitably, to support 
sustainable shareholder returns. The Group pursues a disciplined growth strategy focused on markets with 
stable legal frameworks in North America, Western Europe, Latin America or Australia. 
Toll road concession projects are long-term, capital-intensive projects that can typically be divided into two 
distinct phases: the construction phase and the operation phase. The construction phase, involving the design 
and construction of the toll road, requires large capital expenditures, during which usually no revenues are 
received, except for projects that include sections of roads that are already in operation. The great majority of 
projects taken on by the Group are brownfield projects, where it acts as project manager for the construction 
work carried out on a concession project, using third-party contractors. Once the construction phase is 
completed, the operation phase begins, which involves operating and maintaining the toll road and equipment 
related to the concession. Once a toll road is operational, tolls are collected and a lower level of capital 
expenditure is required. Revenues from toll road concessions depend on the volume of traffic and the tariffs. 
The tariffs are typically set by the relevant governmental authority in the concession agreement and usually 
increase in line with inflation (see "Risk Factors—The Group has limited or no ability to independently raise 
tariffs on its toll roads beyond certain limits"). The revenues therefore depend greatly on the level of traffic 
on the road (see "Risk Factors—The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads"). 
Expenses during the operation phase consist principally of operating expenses, which depend primarily on the 
length, age and state of repair of the toll road, as well as factors such as volumes of heavy traffic and weather 
conditions and financing expenses, which depend primarily on interest rates. In addition, some concession 
arrangements may contractually require the Group to maintain a certain level of capital expenditure or 
maintenance investment in the relevant toll road.

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
The following is a description of the Group's primary concessions by country as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
France 
The Group generated 37.1 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in France, which 
is now the Group's largest market. Through various purchase transactions in 2017, the Company assumed a 
100 per cent. stake in Holding d'Infrastructures de Transport ("HIT") (which itself holds 100 per cent. of 
Sanef), up from 53 per cent. as at 31 December 2016. The Group directly manages 1,769 km of toll roads in 
France. Investee (not controlled) companies manage 10 km. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, with a minimum annual rate increase of 70 per cent. of the inflation index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
1,195 
1,367
 EBIT 
215 
379
 GROSS DEBT 
5,505 
5,304
 
 NET DEBT 
5,109 
4,988
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
910 
1,028
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
 EBITDA MARGIN 
70 
72
 
 EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
36 
39
 
The main concession arrangements in France are the following:  
Sanef 
Sanef and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement for the maintenance and operation 
of toll roads in northern France (A1, Paris-Lille, and A2, Combles-Hordain) and eastern France (A4, Paris-
Strasbourg) as well as the Paris ring roads (A16, Paris-Boulogne-sur- Mer; A26, Calais-Reims/Châlons-
Troyes; and A29, Amiens-Saint-Quentin/Amiens-Neufchâtel-en-Bray). Following a June 2015 agreement 
with the French Government on "Plan de Relance" for the French toll roads, with the aim of upgrading the 
toll road network, the concession was extended by two years, until 31 December 2031. 
Sapn 
Sapn (99.97 per cent. owned by Sanef) and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement for 
the maintenance and operation of toll roads in western France (A13, Paris-Caen, and A14, Paris La Défense - 
Orgeval) as well as the Paris ring road (A29, Le Havre-Saint-Saëns). Following a June 2015 agreement with 
the French Government on "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads, with the aim of upgrading the toll road 
network, the concession was extended by three years and eight months, until 31 August 2033. 
Investment Obligations 
The HIT and Sanef sub-group, within the framework of "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads formalised in 
2015, reached an agreement with the French Government to make investments for a compensated amount of

--- Page 146 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
€590 million to upgrade the toll road network in exchange for the extension of the term of the concessions 
(two years for Sanef and three years and eight months for Sapn). As at 31 December 2022, investments 
amounting to €627 million had been made. 
The thirteenth amendment to the Sanef concession agreement and the eleventh amendment to the Sapn 
concession agreement, both approved by decree on 28 August 2018, provided additional toll rates increases 
between 2019 and 2021 of 0.225 per cent. for Sanef and 0.218 per cent. for Sapn in compensation of the €122 
million of new investments made within the "Plan d’Investissement Autoroutier" for the period 2018-2022. 
The twelfth amendment to the Sapn concession agreement, approved by decree on 21 December 2021, 
integrated into the Sapn concession agreement the ability to transform the tolling system of the A13 and A14 
motorways into a free-flow tolling system. The €122 million investment associated with this project will be 
compensated by an additional tariff increase of 0.22 per cent. between 2022 and 2024, the cancellation of 
several contractual obligations and a terminal value in 2033. The amendment sets out a contractual protection 
for the concessionaire in case the number of toll-violators exceeds certain thresholds. 
The fourteenth amendment to the Sanef concession agreement and the thirteenth amendment to the Sapn 
concession agreement, both approved by decree on 31 January 2023, provided additional toll rates increases 
for Sanef and Sapn and the cancellation of several contractual obligations in compensation of €143 million of 
new investments for Sanef and €38 million of new investments for Sapn. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to France was €213 million.  
Spain 
The Group generated 10 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Spain (18 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021). The Group operates concessions in this country directly through 
concession companies Aucat, Túnels, Castellana, Avasa, Aulesa and Trados 45 (each as defined below) and 
also has a non-controlling interest in Autema. The Group has six concessions in Spain, directly managing 561 
km of toll roads. In addition, investee (not controlled) companies manage 48 km (1 concession). 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the consumer price index and traffic volumes. As a result of the high average consumer price 
index applicable in the tariff revision for 2023, it has been agreed for the Castellana, Aulesa and Avasa 
concessions that the update will be carried out gradually by means of successive increases until 2026. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
702 
414
 EBIT 
118 
125
 GROSS DEBT 
457 
340
 
 NET DEBT 
395 
282
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
468 
1,429
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
 EBITDA MARGIN 
80 
81
 
 EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
21 
12

--- Page 147 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
The main concession arrangements in Spain are the following:  
Aucat 
Aucat and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the C-32 Pau Casals toll road. The concession expires on 26 
January 2039 (granted in 1989). Subsequently, an agreement with the authorities dated 23 December 2013 
(which came into force on 1 January 2014) amended certain aspects of the concession and provided for toll 
unification measures, auxiliary upgrade work in the area of influence of the toll road and measures to favour 
the financing of public-transportation policies and mobility. A new system to remunerate these measures was 
negotiated with the grantor and implemented as of September 2021. 
Túnels 
Túnels and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of the Vallvidrera tunnel and the Cadí tunnel (and their corresponding accesses) 
for a term of 25 years, which ends on 31 December 2037 (granted on 31 December 2012). 
Castellana 
Castellana and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Segovia (AP-
61) and the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Avila (AP-51). The arrangement expires in 
November 2029 (granted in 1999) pursuant to the arrangement itself and based on the traffic levels between 
November 2015 and November 2019. In addition, it should be noted that this company was awarded, from 
January 2018 (until November 2029), the concession arrangement previously operated by Iberpistas. 
Avasa 
Avasa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the Bilbao-Zaragoza stretch of the Ebro Toll Road, now the AP-68 toll road, 
which expires on 11 November 2026 (granted in 1973). 
Aulesa 
Aulesa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the León-Astorga toll road, which expires on 11 March 2055 (granted in 2000). 
Trados-45 
Trados-45 and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and public service management of the Eje O'Donnell to NIV road section, which 
operates a shadow toll and which expires on 31 August 2029 (granted in 1998). 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Spain was €24 million.  
Brazil 
The Group generated 11 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Brazil (9 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021). The Company has a controlling interest in the following 
concession companies belonging to the Arteris sub-group: Intervias, Planalto Sul, Fluminense, Fernão Dias, 
Régis Bittencourt, Litoral Sul, and Via Paulista (integrating the 317 km of Autovias which expired in July 
2019) (each as defined below). The Group has seven concessions in Brazil, directly managing 3,200 km of 
toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation and the level of capital expenditure, where investments are compensated through a 
right to increase tariffs by a value stipulated under the concession agreements. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 148 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Brazil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
256
340 
EBIT 
 
(571)
249 
GROSS DEBT 
 
1,568
1,975 
 
NET DEBT 
 
1,291
1,687 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
83
102 
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
60
59 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
8
10 
 
The concession arrangements in Brazil are the following:  
Intervias 
Intervias (DER/SP no. 19/CIC/98, governed by State Decree no. 42,411 of 30 October 1997, which was 
modified by Amendment no. 14/06 of 21 December 2006) and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department 
(Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the toll road covering the SP-147-157-165-191-330-352 routes, 
which connects 19 municipalities of  in the State of São Paulo. Operation of the concession began in February 
2000 and will expire in April 2028 following a three month extension agreed on 14 January 2016. 
Planalto Sul 
Planalto Sul (governed by Bid Announcement (Edital de Licitação) no. 006/2007 of 15 February 2008) and 
the National Highway Transportation Agency (Agência Nacional de Transportes Terrestres ("ANTT")) entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116/PR/SC toll road 
(lot 02) from the outskirts of Curitiba in the State of Paraná to the state line between Rio Grande do Sul and 
Santa Catarina, which expires in February 2033.  
Fluminense 
Fluminense (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 004/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-101/RJ toll road (lot 04) 
that crosses Rio de Janeiro State, running from the Niterói bridge north of the city to the Espírito Santo state 
line, which originally expired in February 2033. On 9 September 2021, the ANTT decided that the amicable 
request to return the concession to the concession grantor by way of re-tender submitted by Fluminense (toll 
road BR-101/RJ) complied with the technical and legal standards established in Federal Law 13,448/17, of 5 
June 2017. This law sets out the requirements for extending and re-tendering the contracts defined in Law 
13,334, of 13 September 2016, in the roads, railways and airport sectors of the Federal Public Administration 
and Decree 9,957, of 6 August 2019. Moreover, subsequent decisions by the Ministry of Infrastructures and 
the Board of the Investment Partnership Programme (Conselho do Programa de Parcerias de Investimentos, 
CPPI) on 17 November 2021 and 16 December 2021 confirmed that the request to re-tender the concession 
was compatible with the public interest and found that the concession was suitable for re-tendering, 
respectively. The addendum to the concession agreement, which governs the temporary operation of the 
concession of Fluminense until the new contract has been re-tendered, was signed on 15 June 2022. This 
amendment provides that Fluminense will continue with the operation of the concession for an estimated 
period of two years from its execution until the re-tender is completed (that can be extended for a further two 
years), and reducing the initially agreed capex, once the operational parameters and required investments were 
reviewed upon the execution of the amendment. Fluminense is preparing supporting documentation to allow 
the calculation of the indemnification amount to be received from ANTT as compensation for the unamortized

--- Page 149 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
investments (all such documentation shall be subject to an independent audit to be engaged by the grantor), 
while ANTT has already started viability studies in order to launch a new concession tender. 
Fernão Dias 
Fernão Dias (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 002/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-381-MG/SP toll road (lot 
05), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, which expires in February 2033. 
Régis Bittencourt 
Régis Bittencourt (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 001/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116-SP/PR toll road 
(lot 06), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Curitiba, Paraná, which expires in February 2033. 
Litoral Sul 
Litoral Sul (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 003/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT, entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116, BR-376/PR and 
BR-101/SC toll roads (lot 07), which connect the city of Curitiba, Paraná, and Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, 
which expires in February 2033. 
Via Paulista 
Via Paulista (ARTESP nº0359-ARTESP-2017, governed by State Decree no. 62,333 of 21 December 2016) 
and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department (Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) 
entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the SP-334, SP-255, 
SP-257, SP-330, SP-318, SP-328, SP-249, SP- 304, SP-281, SP-304/310 and SP-345 toll roads that connect 
the municipalities of Franca, Batatais, Ribeirão Preto, Araraquara, São Carlos, Santa Rita do Passa Quatro, 
Jaú, Avaré, Itaí, Itaporanga and Riversul, which expires in November 2047 (granted on 22 November 2017). 
Investment Obligations 
In connection mainly with the concession arrangements of the toll road concession operators of the Arteris 
sub-group, the Group has the following obligations to invest in upgrading the infrastructure or increasing its 
capacity: 
 
FY2021 (Mn) 
 
FY2022 (Mn) 
(nominal amount) 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concession operators dependent on 
the Brazilian Federal Government(1) 
5,047 
800 
 
4,121 
731 
Concession operators dependent on 
the State of São Paulo(2) 
4,650 
737 
 
4,869 
863 
 
9,697 
1,537 
 
8,990 
1,594 
 
(1) 
The construction and maintenance period is expected to last for the concession term, which ends in 2033. 
(2) 
Including 4,835 million Brazilian Reais (approximately €857 million) associated with the Via Paulista concession that was 
put out for tender in 2017 and will foreseeably be executed over the concession term up to 2047 (at 2021 year-end 4,609 
million Brazilian Reais, approximately €730 million). 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Brazil was €406 million.  
Chile

--- Page 150 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
The Group generated 11 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Chile (10 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021). The Group's operations consist of controlling interests in the 
concession companies belonging to the Vias Chile sub-group: Autopista Central, Rutas del Pacífico, Elqui, 
Andes and Libertadores (each as defined below), managing a total of 640 km of toll roads. The km and activity 
of the Elqui concession are included in the figures for Chile because, even though the concession expired at 
the end of 2022, the activity continued until 16 December of that year (total km without Elqui amount to 412 
km). 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts 
and supplementary agreements. Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis, 
except for Sol in respect of which adjustments are made on a semi-annual basis, and determined by reference 
to factors including inflation. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Chile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
394
439
EBIT 
 
65
115
GROSS DEBT 
 
1,046
1,055
 
NET DEBT 
 
876
940
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
364
343
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
80
82
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
12
12
 
The main concession arrangements in Chile are the following:  
Autopista Central 
Autopista Central and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the North-South corridor and the General Velásquez corridor (62 
km), both in Santiago, Chile, ending in July 2031. Pursuant to an Ad-Referendum Agreement the parties agreed 
an increase in the term of the concession contract of 12 months (until July 2032), with the Ministry of Public 
Works retaining the option of making a direct payment for any unpaid balances at the end of the extended 
period, or grant a new extension of the concession term (see "Investment Obligations" below). 
Rutas del Pacífico 
Rutas del Pacífico and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the Santiago-Valparaíso-Viña del Mar link road and the Southern 
Artery (Troncal Sur), with a maximum term of 25 years, until August 2024, conditional upon completing the 
offered ITC (Ingresos Totales de la Concesión). The offered ITC being the total concession revenue that the 
winning bidder proposes to achieve from the concession (as formalised in the relevant supplementary 
agreements), calculated by taking into account a number of factors including the present value of toll income, 
which at the date of this Base Prospectus could be met in mid 2024. Pursuant to the Supreme Decree relating 
to free-flow electronic tolling system published in December 2018, the concessionaire was granted an 
additional 10 months extension to the concession arrangement, which would be applicable from August 2024 
or such earlier date that the offered ITC would be completed.

--- Page 151 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Elqui 
Sociedad Concesionaria del Elqui, S.A. ("Elqui") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a 
concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Los Vilos-La Serena stretch of 
Ruta 5, which expired in December 2022. 
Andes 
Sociedad Concesionaria de los Andes, S.A. ("Andes") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Camino Internacional Ruta 
60 Ch toll road, which crosses the districts of Los Andes, San Esteban, Santa María, San Felipe, Panquehue, 
Catemu, Llay-Llay, Hijuelas, La Calera, La Cruz, Quillota, Limache and Villa Alemana, which expires in July 
2036. 
Sol 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista del Sol, S.A. ("Sol") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Santiago-San Antonio toll 
road, which after certain supplementary agreements, and extensions expired on 21 November 2021. 
Nevertheless, the Ministry of Public Works requested the entity to continue operating the toll road since the 
new concessionaire was not yet awarded, which resulted in the concession finally expiring on 21 March 2022. 
Within this four-month period, the entity provided toll collection and road maintenance services. 
Libertadores 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Los Libertadores, S.A. ("Libertadores") and the Ministry of Public Works 
of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the 
Santiago-Colina-Los Andes toll road, which expires in March 2026. 
Investment Obligations 
On 19 November 2019, Autopista Central entered into a non-binding framework memorandum of 
understanding with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works so as to agree an annual elimination of the tariff 
increase above the consumer price index (up to 3.5 per cent.) plus potentially committing certain investment 
up to a maximum, in net present value, of about 9,000,000 Unidades de Fomento ("UF") (a Chilean currency 
unit indexed according to inflation) net of VAT which could be part of Phase 2 of the construction work in 
connection with the Nudo de Quilicura junction. The impact of the elimination of the 3.5 per cent. in tariffs, 
together with the potential investments, and other marginal impacts associated with the implementation and 
operation of this agreement will be offset by at least a 12 month extension to the concession arrangement (until 
July 2032), with the Ministry of Public Works maintaining the option of making a direct payment for any non-
compensated balances at the end of the extended period, or of granting a further extension of the concession 
term. This memorandum of understanding was executed in December 2019 by means of an Ad Referendum 
agreement. The publication in the Chilean Official Gazette was made on 31 January 2020, which establishes 
the general conditions for the elimination of the annual real adjustment of 3.5 per cent. of the tariffs established 
in section 1.14.7 of the Bidding Terms. As a result, the said tariffs will be adjusted annually only by reference 
to the Consumer Price Index (CPI), unless otherwise indicated by the Ministry of Public Works from 2021 
onwards. 
On 7 October 2021, Autopista Central signed an agreement with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works for the 
deployment of a major capex aimed at removing bottlenecks from one of the most congested areas in the 
northern part of Santiago de Chile. The project consists of the construction of Túnel Lo Ruiz connecting 
territories within the metropolitan area of Santiago de Chile (interchange between the General Velásquez 
stretch of Autopista Central and the Américo Vespucio Norte portion of Santiago ring road). Total project costs 
are in excess of €300 million. As part of this agreement, the duration of the Autopista Central concession could 
be extended by a further 20 months (until March 2034). This project will allow Santiago to benefit from 
reduced pollution and road users to achieve fuel and travel times savings due to the improved traffic flow. The 
project includes 22 hectares of new public spaces for leisure, including over 6 hectares of re-greening. The 
first tender process for the construction did not receive valid offers and the second one was not completed 
because no offers were received. The candidates in the process represented that current building costs did not 
allow them to submit competitive bids. The agreement with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works states that 
if the second tender is declared void, the duration of the concession will not be extended. Nevertheless, the

--- Page 152 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
concessionaire and the Chilean Ministry of Public Works will negotiate adjustments to make the project viable. 
Autopista Central has started discussions with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works to that effect. 
On 31 May 2018, Rutas del Pacífico entered into a non-binding framework memorandum of understanding 
with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works relating to the possible performance of construction work associated 
with the implementation of a free-flow electronic tolling system, with an estimated maximum investment of 
close to UF473,000 (around €18 million as at 31 December 2022, including VAT). The investments, loss of 
revenue and increased costs associated with the implementation and operation of the system will be offset by 
a ten-month extension to the concession arrangement. This memorandum of understanding was executed in 
November 2018 by means of an Ad Referendum agreement and, in December 2018, was published in the 
Chilean Official Gazette at which time it became fully effective. 
On 31 May 2018, Libertadores agreed with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works the basis for a future non-
binding framework memorandum of understanding relating to the potential performance of construction work 
associated with the implementation of a free-flow and 'stop & go' electronic tolling system, with an estimated 
maximum investment of close to UF100,000 (around €4 million as at 31 December 2022, including VAT). The 
investments, loss of revenue and increased costs associated with the implementation and operation of the 
system will be offset by a ten-month extension to the concession arrangement, and the Ministry of Public 
Works may choose to replace this extension with a direct payment of the balance not yet settled in this 
connection. On 23 November 2018, the Chilean Ministry of Public Works handed down a resolution to carry 
out engineering and associated works. The resolution was executed in November 2019 by means of an Ad 
Referendum agreement and on 30 October 2020 was published in the Chilean Official Gazette at which time 
it became fully effective. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Chile was €20 million. 
Italy 
The Group generated 9 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Italy (9 per cent. 
in the year ended 31 December 2021). In 2016, the Company acquired 51.4 per cent. of A4 Holding S.p.A. 
("A4 Holding") which was fully paid during 2022. Through various purchase transactions carried out since 
2017, the Company increased its stake in A4 Holding to 91.26 per cent. The Italian business has one 
concession, managing 236 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, a remuneration factor for the investments already made (which could be positive 
or negative), a remuneration factor for the future investments, and a quality premium in relation to the quality 
of the pavement and the number of accidents. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
229  
242
 
EBIT 
118
 
31
GROSS DEBT 
215
 
179
 
NET DEBT 
(41)
 
92
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
176
 
198
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
54
 
54
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
7
 
7

--- Page 153 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova (A4) 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova S.p.A ("A4") (wholly owned by A4 Holding) and the Italian 
Government entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of a 
section of the A4 (Brescia-Padova) and A31 (Vicenza-Piovene Rocchette and Vicenza-Badia Polesine) toll 
roads, which, following the initial approval of the A31 toll road extension project (the "Valdastico project") 
by the Inter-ministerial Committee for Economic Planning (CIPE) in September 2016, has a confirmed 
duration until 31 December 2026. The purpose of the Valdastico project is to build a road interconnection 
corridor between the d'Astico Valley, the La Valsugana Valley and the Adige Valley. 
Given the complexities of the Valdastico project and considering that it has suffered some delays in the 
determination of its final lay-out, on 26 April 2022, the Ministero Infrastruture e Trasporti requested A4 to 
elaborate and submit a new economic and financial plan (the “new Economic and Financial Plan”) excluding 
any consideration to the Valdastico project. Notwithstanding the above, the duration of the concession 
agreement until 31 December 2026 has been confirmed. 
Investment Obligations 
In August 2016, the A4 sub-group received approval from the Comitato Interministeriale per la 
Programazione Economica (CIPE) to upgrade the A31 toll road by carrying out the Valdastico project, which 
led to the confirmation of the duration of the concession arrangements for the A4 and A31 toll roads until 
December 2026. The purpose of this project, which is currently being designed, is to build a road 
interconnection corridor between the d'Astico Valley, the La Valsugana Valley and the Adige Valley. The 
project would entail for the A4 sub-group, by the time it would be completed, estimated total investments of 
around €2,200 million pursuant to the current economic and financial plan. The investment made will 
eventually be recovered, partly during the remaining concession term (up to December 2026) and partly 
through an unconditional right to receive an amount from the grantor that would be exercised at the end of the 
concession term, subject to negotiations with the relevant authority. Given the numerous technical 
complexities and that consensus among public administrations on its route is required, which has still not been 
reached, the Italian Ministry for Infrastructure and Transport has instructed the concession operator of A4 to 
not consider any investment related with this project in the new Economic and Financial Plan for the 
concession, which is still being negotiated. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Italy was €101 million. 
Mexico 
In Mexico, the Company has a 53.1 per cent indirect stake in Red de Carreteras de Occidente S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
("RCO"), through a Mexican special purpose vehicle. RCO is one of the main toll road networks in Mexico 
constituting the main transportation route in the central-western region, connecting the main industrial corridor 
of El Bajío with the two largest cities (Mexico City and Guadalajara). 
Through the acquisition of RCO in 2020, the Group added nearly 1,011 km to its network. In addition, such 
transaction contributed to the extension of the average remaining life of the concession portfolio of the Group 
and replaces future revenue loss resulting from the end of concessions with other assets.  
RCO is one of the main pure-play toll road operators in Mexico, and controls 100 per cent. of five 
concessionaires (four federal and one state) that manage a total of 8 toll roads in the country: 
• 
FARAC I manages four toll roads of 799 kms. The roads represent the main connection between the 
two largest cities in the country: Mexico City and Guadalajara, crossing the states of Jalisco, 
Michoacán, Guanajuato and Aguascalientes; 
• 
COVIQSA and CONIPSA manage two shadow toll roads of 93 and 74 kms, respectively. These roads 
cross three states in the Bajío industrial corridor: Querétaro, Guanajuato and Michoacán; 
• 
COTESA manages the 31-km Tepic-San Blas toll road, which connects the State of Nayarit and the 
Pacific coast; and

--- Page 154 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
• 
AUTOVIM manages the 14-km Zamora-Ecuandureo toll road that connects the city of Zamora with 
FARAC I, in Michoacán. It entered into service on 15 December 2020.  
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
 
Mexico 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
365  
488  
EBIT 
237
318 
 
GROSS DEBT 
2,332
2,565 
 
 
NET DEBT 
1,861
1,962 
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
199
306 
 
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
82
83 
 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
11
14 
 
 
Investment Obligations 
On 10 February 2020, the Secretaria de Infraestructura Comunicaciones y Transportes (the "SICT") proceeded 
to modify the concession title granted to RCO, in order to incorporate the construction, operation, conservation 
and maintenance of the following road sections: (i) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 39.3 
kms, starting at the junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 360, in the State of Michoacán, 
and ending at the junction with the start of the Bypass Norte de La Piedad, in the State of Guanajuato 
(Ecuandureo-La Piedad); (ii) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 71.3 kms, starting at the 
junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 168, in the State of Michoacán, and ending in 
Zitácuaro, in the State of Michoacán (Maravatío-Zitácuaro); and (iii) a toll-free bypass with an approximate 
length of 25.0 kms, beginning at the junction with the Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno highway at km 146, in 
the State of Jalisco, and ending at the junction with the Lagos de Moreno-San Luis Potosí highway, in the 
State of Jalisco (Libramiento de Lagos de Moreno) (the Ramales). The total estimated investment as per the 
SICT modification agreement amounts to 7,951 million Mexican pesos. The foregoing is in accordance with 
the outline and project authorised by the SICT as part of the expansion works contemplated by the concession 
title. The construction of such branches constitutes additional projects that were not originally considered in 
the concession title and in order to maintain the economic balance of the concession, the aforementioned 
modification contemplates a term extension of the concession for a period of six years, until 3 April 2048.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Mexico was €29 million. 
Puerto Rico 
In Puerto Rico, the Group controls Metropistas and APR (each as defined below). It has two concessions and 
90 km of roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Increases in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and generally determined by reference 
to the applicable consumer price index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 155 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Country 
KPI 
  
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Puerto Rico 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
117
136 
EBIT 
81
95 
GROSS DEBT 
619
636 
 
NET DEBT 
587
586 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
60
74 
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
75
75 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
3
4 
 
APR 
Autopistas de Puerto Rico y Compañía, S.E. ("APR") and the Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation 
Authority (Autoridad de Carreteras y Transportación) ("ACT") entered into a concession arrangement for the 
design, construction, maintenance and operation of the Teodoro Moscoso Bridge in San Juan, Puerto Rico, 
which expires on 22 February 2044. 
Metropistas 
Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico Llc. ("Metropistas") and the ACT entered into a concession 
arrangement for the upgrade, maintenance and operation of the PR-22 toll road (83 kms connecting the capital 
of Puerto Rico, San Juan, with the city of Hatillo) and the PR-5 toll road (4 kms of the PR-5, crossing the 
Bayamon metropolitan area), which was due to expire on 22 September 2051. Subsequently, on 19 April 2016 
Metropistas entered into an agreement with the ACT amending the concession arrangement for the PR-5 and 
PR-22 toll roads to extend the term of the concession of these toll roads by ten years. The concession expires 
on 22 September 2061. 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreements.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Puerto Rico was €9 million. 
Argentina 
The Group has a controlling interest in Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista del Sol, S.A. ("Ausol") (49.92 per 
cent. of the votes and 31.59 per cent. of the shares) and Grupo Concesionario del Oeste ("GCO") (49.99 per 
cent. of the votes and 42.87 per cent. of the shares). It has two concessions and 175 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions must be made twice a year and must be determined by reference 
to factors including inflation, currency devaluation and capital expenditure. Tariff increases had not been 
granted since January 2019. Nonetheless, in response to the requests of Ausol and GCO relating to tariff 
adjustments for the years 2020, 2021 and 2022, the National Highway Administration of Argentina granted 
for both concessions an adjustment of 9.9 per cent. applicable from 1 July 2021 and then, an adjustment of 
26.4 per cent. applicable from 17 February 2022. These tariff increases are lower than those that should be 
applied in accordance with the provisions of the concession agreements. Ausol and GCO will continue to 
pursue their rights for the recognition of existing agreements. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 156 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Argentina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
22
 
29
EBIT 
19
 
25
GROSS DEBT 
0
 
0
 
NET DEBT 
(5)
 
(8)
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH FLOW 
(27)
 
(59)
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
18
 
19
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
1
 
1
 
Ausol 
Ausol and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement on 19 July 1994, for the 
upgrade, expansion, remodelling, upkeep, maintenance, operation and management of the northern access to 
the city of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2020. Subsequently, on 3 July 2018, Ausol and the 
National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered into an 
agreement that amended the concession arrangement for the Autopista del Acceso Norte de Buenos Aires toll 
road to extend its term by ten years, that would end on 31 December 2030. This amendment is subject to a 
judicial proceeding to declare its nullity (see "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration" for 
further information). 
Grupo Concesionario del Oeste (GCO) 
GCO and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of Autopista del Oeste of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2018. 
Subsequently, on 3 July 2018 GCO and the National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección 
Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered into an agreement that amended the concession arrangement for 
the Autopista del Oeste de Buenos Aires toll road to extend its term by twelve years, that would end on 31 
December 2030. This amendment is subject to a judicial proceeding to declare its nullity (see "Information on 
the Group – Litigation and Arbitration" for further information). 
Investment Obligations 
On 24 July 2018, the agreements entered into by the Argentine consolidated companies Ausol and GCO with 
the Argentine government were formalised. These agreements involve, among other aspects, the recognition 
of the outstanding measures to restore the economic and financial balance of the aforementioned companies 
(caused mainly by tariff deficits), for a total compensation of $746 million ($499 million for Ausol and $247 
million for GCO (which translate into an aggregate amount of approximately €708 million using the exchange 
rate as at 31 December 2022)), an additional investment plan to improve the existing network for a joint 
amount of $680 million ($430 million for Ausol and $250 million for GCO (which translate into an aggregate 
amount of approximately €645 million using the exchange rate as at 31 December 2022)), a new tariff review 
scheme and the termination of proceedings between the parties.  
In addition, this agreement entails, among other risks, the assumption of the demand risk by the grantor, the 
extension of the concession arrangement until the end of 2030 and the remuneration of the compensation 
balance associated with the measures to restore the economic and financial balance at an explicit interest rate 
on the compensation balance and, lastly, the payment by the granting entity of the amount of the compensation 
balance not recovered during the extension period. 
Although the Group intends to meet its obligations under the abovementioned agreements, the implementation 
of these obligations will depend on the outcome of the ongoing proceedings in connection with these

--- Page 157 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
concessions described in "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration – Amendments to the 
concession agreements of Ausol and GCO" below. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Argentina was €5 million. 
United States 
In the United States, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Abertis USA Holdco LLC, acquired 
through a transaction consummated on 30 December 2020 a 55.2 per cent. indirect stake in Elizabeth River 
Crossings Holdco, LLC, which wholly owns Elizabeth River Crossings Opco, LLC ("ERC"), which in turn 
operates the tolled Elizabeth River Tunnels Project (the "ERT Project") in the Hampton Roads region, 
Virginia, United States. 
On 10 November 2021, ERC signed with the Virginia Department of Transportation ("VDOT") an amendment 
to its concession agreement on the Downtown Tunnel/Midtown Tunnel/Martin Luther King Freeway 
("Amendment 9"). In accordance with such Amendment 9, ERC agreed to (i) defer the 2021 tariff increase, 
which will be spread equally across the 2022-2024 period, and (ii) increase the contribution of ERC to the 
toll-relief program to $1.5 million, in consideration of the commitment of VDOT to make administrative 
changes that will improve video-tolling collections, billing processes and reduce the number of toll violators. 
VDOT will also compensate ERC for certain portions of the projects that are not tolled. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
42
57
EBIT 
0
10
GROSS DEBT 
1,032
1,053
 
NET DEBT 
938
945
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
(2)
54
 
FY2021
(%)
FY2022
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
48 
 
52 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
1 
 
2 
 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to the United States was €1 million. 
Other international operations 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group's international concession operations (covering India and 
Abertis Mobility Services) as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 for the year then ended in each 
case. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 158 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
Country 
 KPI 
 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
International 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
 
34 
36 
EBIT 
6 
8 
GROSS DEBT 
37 
22 
 
NET DEBT 
(48) 
(41) 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
32 
36 
 
 
FY2021 
(%) 
 
FY2022 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
30 
32 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
1 
1 
 
India 
The Group controls Trichy Tollway Private Limited ("TTPL") and Jadcherla Expressways Private Limited 
("JEPL") (each as defined below) in India, having bought these two concession operators in March 2017. This 
represents a total of two concessions covering 152 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the whole sale price index as released by the Indian Office of the Economic Advisor, Ministry 
of Commerce and Industry. 
TTPL 
TTPL and the National Highways Authority of India entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of the 94-km NH-45 toll road and its corresponding access roads for a term of 20 
years, which ends on 1 February 2027 (granted on 30 June 2006) following a twenty-three days extension 
recently agreed. 
JEPL 
JEPL and the National Highways Authority of India entered into a concession arrangement for the maintenance 
and operation of the 58-km NH-7 toll road and its corresponding access roads for a term of 20 years, which 
ends on 12 September 2026 (granted on 20 February 2006) following a twenty-five days extension recently 
agreed. 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreements. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to India was €0.4 million. 
Abertis Mobility Services 
Abertis Mobility Services is the Group's wholly-owned electronic solutions subsidiary which in turn wholly 
owns Emovis, operating the Group's electronic tolling and free flow business. Clients of Abertis Mobility 
Services include governments and road operators through Emovis. 
Emovis is the leading service delivery and technology arm of the Group in the global markets for all electronic 
tolling and smart mobility solutions. Emovis operates in Canada, the US, Puerto Rico, the UK, Spain, France,

--- Page 159 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Croatia, Chile, Ireland and Qatar, offering free-flow mobility solution advisory, design, implementation, 
operation, and maintenance services. The division operates some of the most significant electronic toll 
infrastructure in the world such as the Dartford Crossing and the Mersey Flow bridge, with 138 thousand and 
65 thousand vehicles, respectively, crossing on average every day as of 31 December 2022, both in the UK. 
Holding company 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group's holding company, Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., as at 31 
December 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2021 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2022 
(€Mn) 
Holding(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
(5)
(11)
EBIT 
 
(10)
(17)
GROSS DEBT 
 
14,445
12,765
 
NET DEBT 
 
12,387
10,377
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
(168)
(193)
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes the contribution of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the capex of the Group in relation to Holding was €4 million.  
Recent Developments 
New bond issues 
On 18 January 2023, HIT, the Company's fully owned French subsidiary, issued under its €5,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, €500,000,000 4.250 per cent. notes 
due 18 March 2030, which have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The 
use of proceeds from this bond issuance is for general corporate purposes, including refinancing of maturing 
indebtedness of the Group. 
On 7 February 2023, the Company issued under its €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, €600,000,000 4.125 per cent. sustainability-linked notes due 7 
August 2029, which have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The use of 
proceeds from this bond issuance is for general corporate purposes including the repayment or refinancing of 
indebtedness of the Group. 
The COVID-19 pandemic 
In 2022, there was a 8.2 per cent, increase in ADT across the Group compared to 2021 despite the COVID-19 
pandemic having caused an adverse impact on demand for the Group's toll road services and a notable decrease 
in traffic levels in the countries in which the Group operates (see "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Group's 
business and the markets in which it operates—The Group continues to be exposed to risks and challenges 
related to the spread of COVID-19 such as its negative impact on the global economy").  
As at 31 December 2022, the Group maintained a strong liquidity position consisting of €8.3 billion in 
available cash and committed and undrawn credit lines (with €4.1 billion being available cash).

--- Page 160 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
On 13 June 2022, the Company approved a "Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" which, together 
with the Second-Party Opinion issued in respect thereof by Sustainalytics is available on the website of the 
Company respectively at https://www.abertis.com/media/uploads/2022/06/13/abertis-sustainability-linked-
financing-framework_kbffQkx.pdf 
and 
https://www.abertis.com/media/uploads/2022/06/13/abertis-
sustainability-linked-financing-framework-second-party-opinion_EV9s7Kb.pdf. 
The Management Committee 
The management committee, which carries out the day to day operations of the Company, at the date of this 
Base Prospectus comprises: Mr. José Aljaro Navarro (CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee), 
Mr. André Rogowski (CFO), Mr. Josep Maria Coronas Guinart (General Secretary), Mr. Antoni Enrich Grau 
(Director of People), Mr. Martí Carbonell Mascaró (Chief Planning and Control Officer), Mr. Jordi Fernández 
Montolí (Chief Technical Officer), Ms. Georgina Flamme Piera (Director of Corporate Reputation and 
Communication), Mr. Daniel Vilanova Abad (General Manager Autopistas, Spain), Mr. Arnaud Quemard 
(General Manager, Sanef, France), Mr. Sérgio Moniz Barretto Garcia (General Manager, Arteris, Brazil), Mr. 
Andrés Barberis Martin (General Manager, VíasChile, Chile), Mr Francesc Sánchez Farré (General Manager, 
GCO and Ausol, Argentina), Mr. Gonzalo Alcalde Rodríguez (General Manager, A4 Holding, Italy), Mr. Julián 
Fernández Rodes (General Manager, Metropistas, Puerto Rico), Mr. Christian Barrientos Rivas (General 
Manager, Abertis Mobility Services), Mr. Ramon Chesa Badia (General Manager, India), Mr. Demetrio Javier 
Sodi Cortés (General Manager, RCO, México) and Ms. Anna Bonet Olivart (General Manager, ERC, USA). 
The business address of each of the members of the management committee at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is Paseo de la Castellana 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company believes there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between any duties owed by the management committee to the Company and their respective private interests 
and/or other duties. The members of the management committee have no principal activities performed by 
them outside the Group where these are significant with respect to the Group. 
Health and Safety 
The Group actions in Health and Safety are focused to improve health and safety results by developing a robust 
and uniform health and safety culture across the Group, defining global policies on health and safety and 
implementing selected health and safety good practices of the various business units of the Group to the 
business units that have a lower level of maturity in Health and Safety culture as Mexico, India or Brasil. 
Insurance Policy 
The Company maintains an adequate insurance policy that guarantees the coverage of the main insurable risks 
associated with its activities in all countries where the Company operates ensuring compliance with applicable 
concessional regulation and the requirements of creditors. 
Litigation and Arbitration 
The Group is involved in various court proceedings in the course of its activity, the most significant being the 
following: 
Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa) 
A claim filed by the Group company Acesa for compensation relating to the guaranteed revenue provided for 
in Royal Decree 457/2006 approving the agreement (the "Acesa Agreement") between the Spanish 
Government and the aforementioned company to amend certain terms of the concession of which that 
company is the operator. 
The Acesa Agreement envisages, inter alia, the building of an additional lane on certain stretches of the AP-7 
toll road, implementing a closed-toll system and granting free transit and discounts in certain cases, as well as 
Acesa's waiver of its right to claim any possible indemnities as a result of the effect that the construction of 
second lanes on the N-II and CN-340 roads might have on traffic.

--- Page 161 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
The Acesa Agreement establishes that the difference in revenue resulting from the variance between actual 
traffic and the amount of traffic specified in the Royal Decree until the end of the concession will be added to 
or subtracted from the investments made in the compensation account created to restore the economic and 
financial balance that was altered by the obligations assumed by Acesa. The adjusted amount in this 
compensation account will be received by the concession operator at the end of the concession, once the term 
of the concession has expired, if the economic and financial balance has not been restored. 
The grantor thus secured the undertaking of the concession operator to carry out extension work not included 
in the concession arrangement, to waive any indemnity that it might be entitled to receive as a result of parallel 
roads and to give certain rebates and discounts. The grantor is not, however, required to make any payment 
for the projects and waivers, although it is required to assume a risk relating to the possibility that traffic might 
not exceed certain thresholds. 
On 29 June 2015, a written request was submitted to the Spanish Cabinet through the Regional Government 
Office for toll road concession operators in Spain asking that it exercise its powers of interpretation regarding 
Acesa's concession arrangement, with respect to the correct understanding of the compensation clause 
included in the Acesa Agreement approved by Royal Decree 457/2006. In connection with this, on 30 
September 2015, Acesa filed an appeal for judicial review at the Supreme Court against the dismissal of the 
request submitted to the Spanish Cabinet due to administrative silence in relation to the query that had been 
filed. On 3 July 2017, the Spanish Cabinet announced that it had adopted a decision against the interpretation 
of the Acesa Agreement by Acesa. In response to this, Acesa requested the Supreme Court to extend the appeal 
to the content of the express decision issued by the Spanish Cabinet, which was accepted by the Supreme 
Court, giving rise to the reopening of the initial submissions proceeding at the Court. The date for the vote and 
ruling on this appeal was set for 6 February 2019 and on 6 June 2019 such ruling was communicated to the 
Company. The ruling considers that, until the concession expires and the definitive settlement of the 
compensation balance is carried out in accordance with the Acesa Agreement, the Supreme Court should not 
rule on the merits of the interpretation of the agreement. As a result, the issue (which is economically 
materialised in the amount of the compensation balance regulated in the Acesa Agreement) was postponed to 
the end of the concession on 31 August 2021.  
Following the expiration of the Acesa concession on 31 August 2021, Acesa sent to the grantor the final 
compensation request on 29 September 2021. Subsequently, a Council of Ministers' Resolution of 18 February 
2022 determined a compensation amount of €1,070 million payable to Acesa. This compensation is only 
related to the investments made by Acesa. This amount was received on 25 February 2022. 
Acesa and the Spanish Government continue to disagree on the interpretation of other terms and conditions of 
the Acesa Agreement by which Acesa assumed certain investment obligations and waivers of rights in 
consideration of the transfer of the traffic risk under the AP-7 concession contract to the State. 
Despite the clear terms and conditions of the Acesa Agreement, on the resolution of 18 February 2022, the 
Government acted consistently with a previous resolution of 2017 and decided to not accept the liability for 
the State resulting from the traffic risk-transfer included in the Agreement. As a result, the Council of Ministers 
excluded from the calculation of the compensation amount payable to Acesa an amount of €4,303 million after 
tax, due to the negative traffic evolution, which has been below the traffic agreed in the Agreement. While the 
Government has recognized the right of the company to be indemnified by the negative impact caused by the 
widening of certain roads parallel to the AP-7, it has considered no impact therefrom.  
Since Acesa disagrees with this calculation of the compensation amounts (both in respect of the compensation 
for the investments made and in relation to the traffic guarantee), on 25 March 2022 Acesa filed a judicial 
appeal against the Government's resolution of 18 February 2022. The appeal was responded to by the 
Government on 27 September 2022 and it should ultimately be resolved by the Supreme Court of Spain in the 
course of the following 1-2 years. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa), see Note 11 of the 2022 
Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
Investments in Irasa and Alazor 
With regard to Alazor Inversiones, S.A. (an entity in the process of liquidation, "Alazor"), a lawsuit is ongoing 
in connection with the obligations that are claimed under the financial support agreement entered into by the 
Group's companies Iberpistas and Acesa with the creditor banks of Alazor, for which the Group originally

--- Page 162 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
recorded provisions amounting to €228 million, corresponding to the proportion of the loan's nominal amount 
with the related interest and court costs. 
On 22 January 2019, a claim was filed by five funds that alleged to be the current creditors of part of the bank 
debt of Alazor for the payment of €223.5 million related to eventual guarantees given under the 
aforementioned financial support agreement. Also, on 3 June 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory 
proceedings was lodged by the same agent bank of the syndicate of the current creditor banks of Alazor and 
Accesos De Madrid Concesionaria Española, S.A. ("Accesos"), claiming from Alazor's shareholders and its 
guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the aforementioned agreement to provide 
financial support (€175.6 million relating to the guarantee they attribute to the Group companies).  
On 4 November 2021, the Court of First Instance of Madrid, in consideration of the dispute, issued a judgment 
by which Iberpistas and Acesa (in its capacity as guarantor of Iberpistas for 50% of the amount), were ordered 
to pay to Haitong Bank Sucursal in Spain, in its capacity as agent of the syndicate of financing entities of 
Alazor, an amount of €175.6 million plus interest and costs of proceedings ("First Instance Ruling"). 
Iberpistas and Acesa appealed the First Instance Ruling and the funds have not requested its provisional 
enforcement. 
On 22 February 2022, the Ministry of Infrastructure of the Spanish Government (the "Grantor") paid (as 
previously communicated on 30 December 2021) an amount of €132 million (€119 million, plus interest, to 
the concessionaire of the R-3/R-5 toll-roads in compliance with the Public Administration obligation to 
indemnify the concessionaire Accesos as a result of the early termination of the concession agreement 
(Responsabilidad Patrimonial de la Administración or "RPA"). However, this amount of RPA already 
recognized and paid by the Grantor to Accesos will be increased following a Supreme Court judgement issued 
on 28 January 2022, considering that such ruling rectifies the calculation method of the RPA used by the 
Grantor concerning works and land acquisitions made for the construction of R-3/R-5 toll-roads.  
Considering that the right of the concessionaire to this amount of RPA is pledged in favour of the financial 
creditors of Alazor/Accesos mentioned above, the financial creditors have received partial repayment of their 
claims against Alazor’s shareholders. Therefore, as at December 2022, the Group’s accounting provision 
regarding the potential liabilities associated with the commitments made to Alazor’s creditor amounts to €155 
million. Additionally, given the appeal filed by Iberpistas and Acesa against the First Instance Ruling, no 
immediate cash definitive outflow is expected as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
With regard to the ownership interest held in Infraestructuras y Radiales, S.A. ("Irasa"), of which Iberpistas 
and Avasa are shareholders, on 2 October 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory proceedings was lodged by 
five funds that claim to be current creditors of a portion of the bank debt of Irasa, claiming from Irasa's 
shareholders and its guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the aforementioned 
agreement to provide financial support (specifically, €141.4 million relating to the guarantee they attribute to 
the Group companies). On 14 July 2022, the Court of First Instance of Madrid issued a ruling in favour of 
Iberpistas, Avasa and the other shareholders of Irasa in connection with the claims of the creditors. However, 
claimants appealed this ruling and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the court has not yet ruled on the 
appeal and the proceeding is still ongoing. 
Given the provisions made in previous years, the resolution of the liquidation process and the aforementioned 
claims is not expected to have a material impact on the Group's financial position. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Irasa and Alazor, see Note 8 of the 2022 Audited 
Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
Amendments to the concession agreements of Ausol and GCO  
On 14 September 2022, the Argentinian Government issued a Decree by which it instructed the National 
Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina, the "DNV") to initiate 
court proceedings for alleged damage to the National State caused by the approval of the amendments to the 
concession agreements of Ausol and GCO signed in July 2018 (the "Agreements"). The objective of the 
judicial action is the declaration of nullity of the Agreements. In October 2022, the Argentinian Government 
filed the claims against Ausol and GCO to obtain the nullity of the Agreements and they were accompanied 
by a request to take control of the administration of the companies as an interim measure.

--- Page 163 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
On 23 and 24 October 2022, Ausol and GCO, respectively, requested the initiation of an arbitration procedure 
at the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC"), the jurisdiction provided for in the Agreements. The 
lawsuits seek an ICC’s award on the validity of the Agreements and claim for the payment of the amounts 
owed under the concession agreements for unamortized net investment and interest until 31 December 2021, 
sums amounting to $194 million for Ausol and $65.9 million for GCO. Nonetheless, the Argentinian 
Government has rejected this jurisdiction. On 30 October 2022, each Ausol and GCO obtained a resolution 
from an emergency arbitrator appointed by the ICC, in accordance with the dispute resolution mechanism of 
the Agreements, ordering the Argentinian State and any of its dependent bodies or agencies to immediately 
stop and withdraw the court proceedings announced.  
On 10 November 2022, Ausol was notified of the judgement handed down by the National Court for Federal 
Contentious Administrative Proceedings No. 6. The court’s resolution did not grant the interim measure 
requested by the DNV, having issued alternative measures such as (i) the appointment of an observer in the 
company to supervise, inspect and audit the Agreement and the activities of Ausol; (ii) the suspension of the 
compensation mechanism for the recovery of the $499 million provided for the Agreement; and (iii) the 
prohibition of any dividends distribution and any variation of the current shareholding base and composition 
in Ausol, until a final judgement takes place. These interim measures do not suspend de validity of Ausol’s 
Agreement. Ausol retains the management of the company (the observer will not have veto rights) and its 
Board of Directors remains in place and fully functional. On 16 November 2022, Ausol filed an appeal 
requesting the revocation of the abovementioned interim measures. 
On 6 December 2022, the National Court for Federal Contentious Administrative Proceedings No. 8 
recognized, in connection with the court proceeding against GCO, that (i) for the time being, the circumstances 
were not right to grant the interim measure requested by the DNV; (ii) the existence of the procedure at ICC 
that had been initiated prior to the commencement of the procedure at the court; and (iii) the existence and the 
validity of the arbitration clause contained in the Agreement. 
On 14 December 2022, the DNV filed an appeal requesting for the refusal of the interim measures. 
On 28 December 2022, Ausol and GCO were notified of the presentation submitted by the Argentinian State 
to the ICC in which the Argentinian State reject the jurisdiction of the ICC, in consideration of the court 
proceedings in progress and requesting the ICC to order the immediate cessation of the arbitrations. The 
exception submitted by the Argentinian State will be resolved in a timely manner by the Arbitral Tribunal 
(once constituted), as provided in the ICC Rules, after giving the opportunity to each party to present their 
arguments on this matter. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Arbitral Court is still to be constituted. 
Notwithstanding the above, on 14 November 2022 the Issuer sent a letter to the Argentinian Government 
notifying that it reserves its right to bring a claim before the International Centre for Settlement of Investment 
Disputes (ICSID/CIADI) if a negotiated solution to these disputes with Ausol and GCO is not reached within 
six months. 
Tax proceedings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and where the relevant jurisdiction's statute of limitations period has not 
expired, the Group companies all have applicable taxes open for review by the tax authorities. 
In particular, as the tax group parent in Spain, the Company received (i) in December 2020, tax assessments 
for corporate income tax for 2014 to 2016 and Value Added Tax ("VAT") for June 2014 to December 2016; 
and (ii) in October 2017, tax assessments for corporate income tax for 2010 to 2013, personal income tax 
withholdings for 2012 and 2013 and VAT for July 2011 to December 2013. These tax assessments were 
appealed, although they have not had a significant impact on equity. As at the date of this Base Prospectus no 
judicial decision thereon has been handed down. 
Employees 
The average number of employees of the Group from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 was 12,398. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
The KPIs used by the Company in this Base Prospectus constitute Alternative Performance Measures 
("APMs") as defined in the ESMA Guidelines of 5 October 2015. The Company considers that these metrics

--- Page 164 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to better 
understand the underlying business, the financial position and the results of operations of the Group. Such 
APMs are not audited and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance with, the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS-EU"). Accordingly, they should not 
be considered substitutes to the information contained in the 2022 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts and 
the 2021 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts of the Company nor to any performance measures prepared 
in accordance with IFRS-EU. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Company, may not be comparable to other similar titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as substitutes to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the 2022 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 
2021 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts of the Company. 
The Company considers that the APMs contained in this Base Prospectus comply with the ESMA Guidelines. 
The definitions and reconciliations of the APMs used as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for years then 
ended are as follows (all figures, except percentages, in thousands of euros): 
(i) 
Revenues 
Revenues corresponds to the "Operating income" line item of the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2021 
 
2022 
Revenues 
4,853,694 
5,101,816
 
(ii) 
Opex  
Opex corresponds to the "Operating expenses" line item of the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2021 
2022 
Opex  
(4,610,970)
 
(3,837,153)
 
(iii) 
EBIT – Profit (loss) from operations 
EBIT corresponds to the "Profit (loss) from operations" line item of the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2021 
2022 
EBIT – Profit (loss) from operations 
278,845
 
1,337,622
 
(iv) 
EBITDA 
EBITDA or Gross Operating Profit is defined as EBIT adjusted by the following line items of the 
consolidated annual accounts: "Depreciation and amortisation charge", "Changes in impairment 
losses on non-current assets", "Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets" and "Capitalised 
borrowing costs". 
The Group considers EBITDA as an operational indicator that measures the cash generation capacity 
of its assets, while it is an indicator widely used by analysts, investors, credit rating agencies and other 
stakeholders.

--- Page 165 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
2021 
2022 
EBIT – Profit (Loss) from operations 
278,845
 
1,337,622
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
2,391,865
 
2,226,840
+/- Changes in impairment losses on non-current assets 
702,614
 
38,216
+/- Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets 
7,119
 
0
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
(29,188)
 
 (66,444)
EBITDA 
3,351,255
 
3,536,234
 
(v) 
EBITDA – margin 
EBITDA margin is a relative indicator used by the Group to analyse the operating performance of its 
assets, representing the relative weight of EBITDA on revenues. 
2021 
2022 
EBITDA – Gross operating profit 
3,351,255
3,536,234
Revenue (Operating income) 
4,853,694
5,101,816
EBITDA margin 
69.05%
69.31%
 
(vi) 
EBITDA contribution  
"EBITDA Contribution" is the percentage reflecting the proportion of the EBITDA contributed by 
each business against that of the whole Group. 
2021 
 
2022 
France 
36%
39% 
Spain 
21%
12% 
Brazil 
8%
10% 
Mexico 
11%
14% 
Chile 
12%
12% 
Italy 
7%
7% 
Puerto Rico 
3%
4% 
United States 
1%
2% 
Argentina 
1%
1% 
International operations 
1%
1% 
Holding 
0%
0% 
 
(vii) 
Gross debt 
"Gross debt" is defined as the non-current and current "Bank loans" and "Bond issues and other 
loans" line items as shown in Note 14 to the Company's consolidated annual accounts.

--- Page 166 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
2021 
 
2022 
Bank loans 
8,427,356 
 
5,428,973
Bond issues and other loans 
18,830,010 
 
20,465,326
Gross debt 
27,257,366 
 
25,894,299
 
(viii) 
Net debt 
"Net debt" is defined as "Gross Debt" less the "Cash and cash equivalents" line item in the 
consolidated annual accounts. 
2021 
 
2022 
Gross Debt 
27,257,366
 
25,894,299
Cash and cash equivalents 
(3,907,824)
 
 (4,085,009)
Net debt 
23,349,542
 
21,809,290
 
The Group uses the "Net debt" as a measure of its solvency and liquidity as it indicates the current 
cash and equivalents in relation to its total debt liabilities. "Net debt" and "EBITDA" derived 
measures are frequently used by analysts, investors and rating agencies as an indication of financial 
leverage. 
(ix) 
Capex 
Relates to the "Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and other concession 
infrastructure" line item in the consolidated annual accounts of net cash flows from investing 
activities of the consolidated annual accounts. 
 
The Company considers this an important indicator because it represents the ability of the Group to 
expand its portfolio through the discretionary use of cash in investments for the improvements of the 
highway network for agreed returns in the case of the road assets and measuring how effectively the 
Group is redeploying resources to build a perpetual business model as it contributes for EBITDA 
replacement and the increase of the duration its portfolio. 
(x) 
Discretionary cash flow 
"Discretionary cash flow" is defined as EBITDA plus/minus finance income and costs, minus 
income tax expense and plus/minus cash adjustments to: (i) finance income and expenses, (ii) income 
tax, (iii) IFRIC12 and other provisions, (iv) concession arrangements - financial asset model, and (v) 
dividends received from financial investments, associates and joint ventures. 
The Group believes that the Discretionary cash flow is one of the most important indicators of its 
capacity to generate an available stream of resources from the operations, net from the mandatory 
uses of cash for taxes and interest expenses, to be used mainly and according to the Group strategy to 
repay debt, distribute dividends and expand its portfolio. 
The reconciliation of this APM with the Group's consolidated annual accounts is as follows: 
 
 
2021 
 
2022 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
other concession infrastructure 
633,885 
818,278

--- Page 167 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
 
Note 
 
2021 
 
2022 
EBITDA ....................................................................... 
 
 
3,351,255  3,536,234 
Finance income ............................................................ 
 
 
545,713  
604,548 
Finance costs ................................................................ 
 
 
(1,302,174)  (1,558,727) 
Income tax .................................................................... 
 
 
175,518  (223,718) 
Adjustments: ................................................................. 
 
 
 
 
(i) Finance income and expenses  ................................. 
 
 
 
 
Exchange gains ............................................................. 
20 
 
(80,913)  (213,627) 
Exchange losses ............................................................ 
20 
 
169,070  
260,541 
Impairment loss allowance and allowance for 
financial impact of changes in financial assets under 
IFRIC 12 ....................................................................... 
20 
 
108,633
124,044 
Impairment (expected credit losses) ............................. 
20 
 
23,154  
7,778 
(ii) Income tax .............................................................. 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax assets-amount charged/(credited) to 
profit or loss ................................................................. 
17 
 
(228,155)
 
304,913 
Deferred tax liabilities-amount charged/(credited) to 
profit or loss ................................................................. 
17 
 
(350,639)
 
(534,060) 
Deferred tax .................................................................. 
 
 
(578,794)   (229,147) 
(iii) IFRIC 12 and other provisions .............................. 
 
 
 
 
Accrual of provisions for infrastructure maintenance 
and restoration obligations ........................................... 
18 
 
149,911
 
177,692 
Interest cost .................................................................. 
18 
 
19,925  
38,533 
Use of provisions for infrastructure maintenance and 
restoration obligations charged to profit or loss ........... 
18 
 
(193,471)
 
(237,778) 
Provisions required under IFRIC 12 (non-current and 
current) ......................................................................... 
 
 
(23,635)
 
 (21,553) 
Period provisions (reversals) ........................................ 
18 
 
10,488  
 (94,120) 
Interest cost .................................................................. 
18 
 
477  
3,513 
Amounts taken to profit or loss .................................... 
18 
 
(26,411)  
 (14,732) 
Other provisions (non-current and current) .................. 
 
 
(15,446)   (105,339) 
(iv) Concession arrangements – financial asset model . 
 
 
 
 
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
due to economic compensation .................................... 
11 
 
(29,935)
 
 (6,837) 
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
due to financial compensation (with Section B of 
Schedule 3 of Royal Decree 457/2006) ........................ 
11 
 
(336,993)
 
 (111,356) 
Amounts taken to profit or loss .................................... 
11 
 
78,791  1,239,882 
Concession arrangements – financial asset model ........ 
 
(288,137)  1,121,689 
(v) Dividends received from financial investments, 
associates and joint ventures ........................................ 
 
12,542
 
15,551 
Discretionary cash flow .............................................. 
 
 
2,096,786  3,318,274

--- Page 168 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
THE KINGDOM OF SPAIN 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who 
can provide them with personalised advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should 
consider the legislative changes which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force 
at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the 
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
of 27 July establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other 
debt instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident in the European Union 
and other tax rules as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July; 
(ii) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income 
Tax") tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial 
amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth 
Tax Law (the "Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, 
of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax, Law 29/1987, of 18 
December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of 
temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary 
solidarity tax on large fortunes; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax 
("Corporate Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on 
Corporate Income Tax and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(iv) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-
resident income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 
5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Law ("Non-Resident Income Tax Law") and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 
promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 
on Wealth Tax, Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, 
for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and 
introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes.

--- Page 169 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
(v) 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a 
"Beneficial Owner"), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect 
taxes in Spain, for example exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992 regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Personal Income Tax on a worldwide basis. 
Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that 
are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or 
guarantee payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident 
in Spain. 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third 
parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and 
therefore must be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from 
time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000, 21 per cent. for 
taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 
and €200,000, 27 per cent for taxable income between €200,000.01 and €300,000 and 28 per cent for 
taxable income in excess of €300,000.  
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 
per cent. However, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, in the case of 
listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and 
settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD 
member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), the Issuer will make interest payments to 
individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that the 
relevant information about the Notes (as described below in "—Reporting Obligations") is submitted 
by the relevant Paying Agent; and it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of 
the holders who are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income 
attributable to such individuals.  
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under 
"Reporting obligations", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which 
the required information has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are resident 
for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory if the Notes do not 
comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish General 
Directorate of Taxes (Dirección General de Tributos) (the "DGT") dated 27 July 2004 (that is, 
placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the 
Notes on an organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their 
net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an

--- Page 170 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of 
the Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although the final effective tax rates may vary depending on any applicable 
regional tax laws and any reductions that may apply. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called “solidarity tax” was approved in December 2022, which is 
a two-year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to all tax 
residents. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for Wealth Tax. 
The rates of the “solidarity tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, (ii) 
2.1% on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more than 
€10 million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater 
than €3.7 million. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous net wealth 
or family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final effective tax rate that 
range, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes, which constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to 
third parties of own capital, are subject to Corporate Income Tax and would have to be included in 
profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax 
purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax and subject to the general rate of 25 
per cent.  
Notwithstanding the above, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, 
in the case of listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign 
clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another 
OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), there is no obligation to withhold on 
income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which, for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold 
on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant information about the Notes 
(as described below in "Reporting obligations") is submitted by the relevant Paying Agent. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under 
"Reporting obligations", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which 
the required information has not been provided.  
In addition, pursuant to Section 61.s of the Corporate Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to make 
a withholding on income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from 
financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held 
by a Spanish entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, 
payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the 
current rate of 19 per cent. if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in 
the ruling issued by the Spanish DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside of 
Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an 
OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant 
investors against its final CIT liability.

--- Page 171 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Non Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(i) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(ii) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically, and payments of income deriving from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained by individuals or entities who have 
no tax residency in Spain, and which are Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no 
permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the 
same terms laid down for income from public debt, provided that certain requirements are 
met. 
The Issuer has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes to 
holders who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain 
provided that the information procedures are complied with in the manner detailed under 
"Reporting obligations" as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended by 
Royal Decree 1145/2011). If these information procedures are not complied with within the 
manner indicated the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to 
which the required information has not been provided.  
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. However, individuals resident in a country with which Spain 
has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to 
such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in 
Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer) 
exceed €700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per 
cent. and 3.5 per cent., although certain reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Notes whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined above do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals may apply the 
rules approved by the autonomous region where their most valuable assets and rights are situated. As 
such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called “solidarity tax” was approved in December 2022, which is 
a two-year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to those residents 
in an autonomous region were the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt.

--- Page 172 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
The rates of the “solidarity tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, (ii) 
2.1% on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more than 
€10 million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater 
than €3.7 million. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law. However, pursuant to recent rulings 
issued by the EU Courts and the Spanish Supreme Court, individuals who are non-resident in Spain 
for tax purposes may be able to apply the rules corresponding to the relevant Spanish autonomous 
regions. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a 
double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for 
the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents 
(i.e., individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation 
to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before 
the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March each year, the ownership of the Notes 
held on 31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2023 and 
31 March 2023 the Notes held on 31 December 2022). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration 
would only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying 
assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, 
cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared 
if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
6. 
Reporting obligations 
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities 
in which it reports on certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, and provided that the Notes issued by the Issuer are initially registered for 
clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for the purpose of preparing the 
annual return referred to above, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted by 
the Paying Agent to the Issuer before the close of business on the Business Day immediately

--- Page 173 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any amounts in respect of the early 
redemption of the Notes. 
Such information would be the following: 
(i) 
identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(ii) 
date on which relevant payment is made; 
(iii) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(iv) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement.  
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Notes. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information 
is not received by the Issuer, the Issuer may be required to withhold at the applicable rate of 19 per 
cent. from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not 
been provided.  
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
Agency Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures 
described in this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency Agreement. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax (the "Spanish FTT") 
On 16 January 2021, Law 15/2020, of 15 October, on the Spanish financial transactions tax (the "FTT Law") 
entered into force. 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2 per cent. on specific acquisitions of shares of Spanish listed companies, 
regardless of the residence of the agents that intervene in the transactions, provided the market value of the 
capitalisation thereof is greater than €1 billion. The taxpayer will be the financial traders that transfer or 
execute the purchase order and must submit an annual tax return.  
The list of Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of each year 
will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' website before 31 December each year.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Notes will not be subject to this new tax in accordance with the FTT Law. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction 
of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on

--- Page 174 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 175 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A, J.P. Morgan S.E., Mediobanca S.p.A., Mizuho 
Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank 
AG  (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 9 March 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the 
Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms 
as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the 
issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those 
Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers 
and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
United States: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or specify that such 
prohibition is "Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold

--- Page 176 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes do not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors   
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor 
in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not

--- Page 177 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such 
prohibition is "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(iii) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 178 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant 
laws and regulations of Japan.   
Kingdom of Spain 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore this Base Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of 
the Notes in Spain except (i) in circumstances which do not require the registration of a base prospectus in 
Spain and (ii) by institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain under the restated text of the 
Spanish Securities Market Law, approved by legislative Royal Decree 4/2015, of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) and Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de 
inversión). 
Belgium 
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope of 
the Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted 
for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a public offering 
of these Notes in Belgium in accordance with the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Consumers, and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, such Notes to Consumers, and has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such Notes to Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy ("Italy"), except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Consolidated Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or

--- Page 179 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time (the "Issuers Regulation"), and applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above 
must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Banking Act"), the Issuers Regulation and 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and 
regulations or requirement which may be imposed from time to time by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB 
or other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any offer or 
resale of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100-bis of the Consolidated Financial Services Act affects 
the transferability of the Notes in Italy to the extent that any placement of the Notes is made solely with 
qualified investors and such Notes are then systematically resold to non-qualified investors on the secondary 
market at any time in the 12 months following such placement. Should this occur without the publication of a 
prospectus and outside of the scope of one of the exemptions referred to above, retail purchasers of Notes may 
have such purchase declared void and claim damages from any intermediary which sold them the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus, any other document relating to the Notes, and the information contained herein are 
intended only for the use of its recipient and, unless in circumstances which are exempted from the rules 
governing offers of securities to the public pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-
ter of the Issuers Regulation, are not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any 
reason. No person resident or located in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on 
it or its contents. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 180 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as amended 
("FinSA"), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the 
FinSA; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss 
review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any investor that 
qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 181 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment and update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 26 February 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time 
to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Listing 
2. 
The admission of the Programme to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 9 March 2023. 
3. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the " Central Bank of 
Ireland"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA. Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on a stock exchange different from 
Euronext Dublin as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
4. 
Except as described in "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
5. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
6. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
7. 
The independent auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Auditores, S.L. (with its registered address at Paseo 
de la Castellana, 259 C, 28046 Madrid, registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid, under 
volume 11,961, page 84, sheet M 188007, holder of tax identification number (NIF) B-78510153 and 
registered with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number S0702). 
Documents on Display 
8. 
Physical copies of the documents listed in limbs (a) to (f) (together with English translations thereof 
where applicable) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and at the website of the Issuer at www.abertis.com for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer (as the same may be amended from time to time) 
available at www.abertis.com/en/the-group/corporate-governance/articles-of-association; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 182 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will also be available, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, for at least 10 years from 
the date of their publication on the website of the Issuer at www.abertis.com/en/the-group/financial-
information/share-issues-and-takeover-bids 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p1157%7C24994/documents. 
The "Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" approved by the Issuer and the Second-Party Option issued 
in respect thereof by Sustainalytics are available on the website of the Issuer respectively at 
https://www.abertis.com/media/uploads/2022/06/13/abertis-sustainability-linked-financing-
framework_kbffQkx.pdf 
and 
https://www.abertis.com/media/uploads/2022/06/13/abertis-sustainability-
linked-financing-framework-second-party-opinion_EV9s7Kb.pdf.  
Material Contracts 
9. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
Clearing of the Notes 
10. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method 
of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most 
recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
12. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332.  
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its twelve-month validity period.  
Conflicts of Interest 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to

--- Page 183 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to 
time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, 
certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, commercial 
banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistently with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" 
includes parent companies.

--- Page 184 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 89, floor 9 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA, Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28, 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid, Spain 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
  
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Mediobanca S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Natixis 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France

--- Page 185 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law: 
 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid  
Spain 
To the Dealers 
 as to English and Spanish law: 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER: 
 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
IFSC, 25-28 North Wall Quay,  
Dublin 1, D01 H104 
Ireland