--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ABERTIS INFRAESTRUCTURAS, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), which is the Irish competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. 
The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are 
the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in such Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months 
after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. This Base Prospectus is valid for a 
period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of 
their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the 
light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers 
to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, 
financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and 
are not relying on the advice of the Issuer or any Dealer in that regard. For example, investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of Fixed Rate Notes. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth herein under "Risk 
Factors" prior to making investment decisions with respect to the Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. MORGAN 
Dealers 
 
BBVA  
SANTANDER CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANKING (SCIB) 
BARCLAYS  
BNP PARIBAS  
 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CAIXABANK  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE 
SE  
HSBC  
J.P. MORGAN  
 
MIZUHO SECURITIES  
NATIXIS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING  
UNICREDIT BANK 
 
 
15 March 2021

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "Company" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the 
"Group") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to 
the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, for which a prospectus is required in connection with the issue of such 
Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the "Final Terms") or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus"). Each Tranche of Notes, for which no prospectus is required in 
connection with the issue of such Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or with Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), will be issued on the terms set out in the 
Conditions, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a document specific to such Tranche called a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). Any reference to the Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) unless the context requires otherwise. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable), each reference in this Base Prospectus to (i) information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and (ii) terms as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such terms being supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference"). 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale".  
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €12,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Serives and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) 
and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "Sterling" or "£" are to the currency of 
the United Kingdom. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we 
expect to operate in the future.  
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of 
the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................iii 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 26 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ............................ 27 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 69 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 80 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 91 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 93 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY .................................................................................................... 94 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP .......................................................................................................... 96 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 132 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 139 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 145

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as their 
own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have particular 
regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Issuer''s business risks, legal and 
regulatory risks and economic and market risks, as well as risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of 
Notes, risks related to interest payments, other risks relating to Notes and risks related to the market generally. 
The Issuer's assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information 
available and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. Words and expressions defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which it operates  
The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the spread of the novel coronavirus (named COVID-19 
by the World Health Organisation) a global pandemic. The majority of the Group's operations are concentrated in 
countries that have been, and are expected to continue to be, exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic. Most 
governments in such regions have introduced containment and social distancing measures and, to a lesser extent, 
border closures to limit the spread of the virus, which severely restrict the mobility of the population and economic 
activity in general. 
Since the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted 
global supply chains, lowered equity and capital markets valuations, created significant volatility and disruption 
in financial markets and increased unemployment levels. The outbreak has led to a weakening in gross domestic 
product in many of the regions in which the Group operates, and the probability of a more adverse economic 
scenario is higher than before the onset of the pandemic.  
Since its outset, the pandemic has caused an adverse impact on demand for the Group's toll road services and a 
notable decrease in traffic levels, including in France and Spain, two of the Group's biggest markets, with the 
greatest impact occurring during the weeks that regions were subject to strict social confinement measures. From 
1 January to 31 December 2020, the Group's internal figures show decreases in average daily traffic ("ADT") 
(number of vehicles) compared to the equivalent period in the previous year of 21.4 per cent. for the whole Group, 
24.6 per cent. in France, 30.8 per cent. in Spain, 27.8 per cent. in Italy, 7.5 per cent. in Brazil and 25.9 per cent. 
in Chile (Source: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.). Such decreases are likely to continue as long as the pandemic 
and related government measures continue to impact such regions and will correspond to reduced toll net receipts, 
which form a substantive part of the Group's revenues. In the year ended 31 December 2020, toll net receipts 
comprised 91 per cent. of the Group's revenues and the Group's two biggest markets, France and Spain, accounted 
for 37 per cent. and 22 per cent. of the Group's total revenues for the year ended 31 December 2020, respectively.' 
In these circumstances, the Group's business and results of operations for 2021 will likely continue being adversely 
affected and the extent will depend on the pandemic's impact on macroeconomic conditions and financial markets 
globally and the duration and future development of containment measures, based on the severity of the virus and 
public health situation in the countries concerned.  
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, toll net receipts comprised 91 per cent. of the Group's revenues. If the 
Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of vehicle traffic on its toll roads, the Group's toll receipts and 
profitability will suffer. The toll receipts collected by the Group depend on the level of tariffs and the volume of 
traffic using its toll roads. Such receipts are also directly linked to toll rate increases and customers' reactions to 
higher tolls. Even if the Group increases the volume of traffic on its roads, it must also ensure that its road portfolio 
has the capacity to absorb traffic and avoid congestion or consumers will look for alternative routes.

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Traffic volumes and toll receipts depend on a number of factors, including:  
• 
the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or toll roads that are managed by the Group's 
competitors; 
• 
the quality, safety and state of repair of the Group's toll roads; 
• 
the wider economic climate (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by the 
deterioration of global economic conditions") and fuel prices; 
• 
environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor vehicle use in order to reduce air 
pollution); and 
• 
the popularity and existence of alternative means of transportation, including air transport and public 
transport such as trains and buses. 
In addition, competition from alternative transport routes could affect the volume of traffic on the toll roads 
operated by the Group. In certain cases, the creation of new roads which create an alternative transport route to a 
toll road may give a member of the Group the right to receive compensation, restoring the economic balance of 
its concessions. However, the impact of an increase in the number and attractiveness of alternative routes could 
outweigh any potential compensation. If the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of traffic on its roads, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group does not have discretion to increase the tariffs on its toll roads 
In addition to the volume of traffic on its toll roads, the income generated from the Group's toll roads depends on 
its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each individual concession agreement. 
In the majority of cases, the Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs beyond certain limits, 
normally the rate of inflation. During the life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also 
unilaterally impose additional restrictions on the tariff rates and refuse to compensate the Group for any losses 
that might result from such changes to the concession agreement. Whilst the Group may try to renegotiate the 
terms of a concession agreement, the Group cannot guarantee that any such negotiation will be successful and can 
give no assurance that the toll rate the Group is authorised to charge will guarantee an adequate level of 
profitability. 
The Group has substantial indebtedness (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level of 
indebtedness"), much of which is related to costs incurred as a result of operating and expansion activity. The 
Group seeks to cover money spent on its investments principally from its toll road receipts. If the assumptions 
underlying the Group's financial models prove to be incorrect and the revenues generated are not sufficient to 
cover its costs, the Group may be unable to increase tariffs due to inflexible concession terms or reduce its costs 
to remain profitable, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Toll road concessions have a limited duration and the Group may not be able to extend or replace its concession 
agreements 
There can be no guarantee that the Group's concession agreements will be renewed or extended and when a 
concession agreement ends the Group must, at its own expense, return the infrastructure to the competent 
governmental authority or owner, in an adequate state of repair, together with any assets and facilities required 
for operation. 
In addition, under the laws of certain countries in which the Group operates, certain governments may unilaterally 
terminate or repurchase concessions in the public interest, subject to judicial supervision. If a governmental 
authority exercises its option to terminate or repurchase any of the Group's concessions, in general it will receive 
the compensation provided by law or contract to cover its anticipated profits for the remaining duration of the 
concession agreement. However, there can be no assurances that any compensation would be sufficient to make 
up for the loss of the concession. In extreme cases a sovereign government could take action contrary to the 
Group's rights under the relevant concession agreement, for example by unilaterally terminating, changing the 
terms of or even expropriating the concessions. The Group carries out a large part of its operations in developed 
countries where the risk that the sovereign government will take actions of such nature tends to be low, but the

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Group also has operations in emerging markets such as Brazil, Chile and Argentina and cannot give any assurance 
that governments (in an emerging market or otherwise) will not legislate, impose regulations or change applicable 
laws or act contrary to the law in a way that would materially adversely affect its business. Each concession 
agreement has different provisions regarding the compensation to be provided if the concession is terminated 
before the end of its term, whether such termination be with or without cause. If it is unable to negotiate and 
receive adequate compensation for terminated or repurchased concessions, the Group's revenues in the future may 
be reduced. 
If the Group's concession agreements come to an end because it has been unable to extend the duration of its 
concessions or for any other reason and the Group is unable to replace any concessions that have expired or 
terminated with new concessions on equally favourable terms, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a competitive industry 
The Group, in its ordinary course of business, competes in tender processes against various groups and companies. 
It is difficult to predict whether the Group will be awarded new contracts due to multiple factors such as 
qualifications, reputation and customer relationships, and the ability to fulfil the contract in a timely, safe, and 
cost-efficient manner. Furthermore, these groups and companies may have more experience or local awareness 
than the Group does and may have greater resources than the Group, whether material, technical or financial, or 
may demand lower returns on investment and be able to present better technical or economic bids compared to it. 
The Group may have to invest heavily to keep up to speed with market trends and technological developments or 
risk that its toll roads become obsolete or be perceived to be less safe than those of its competitors or that its 
services are not competitive. Given this high level of competition, the Group may be unable to secure contracts 
for new concessions or to extend its current concession agreements. If the Group is unable to obtain contracts for 
new concessions in order to sustain a revenue stream in line with the current ones, or if future concessions are 
only awarded under less favourable terms than the concessions the Group currently has, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group may also be subject to competition from other forms of transport, improvements of existing 
road networks, construction of new road or motorway connections or competition from toll-free networks. 
The Group participates in competitive tender processes that may require regulatory authorisation procedures 
that can generate significant expense with no assurance of success 
The Group constantly seeks to identify additional attractive concessions to continue to grow. The Group incurs 
certain third-party costs, including in connection with financing, valuations and professional services associated 
with the sourcing and analysis of suitable concessions. Once a suitable target has been identified, the Group is 
granted many of its concessions on the basis of a competitive process. The Group may invest significant resources 
in a project or tender bid without winning the contract, incurring costs as well as losing growth opportunities. In 
addition, the Group may also need to obtain or renew various regulatory permits or authorisations. Authorisation 
procedures for activities with a large environmental footprint are even more challenging as they are often entail 
in-depth studies and public inquiries. The complexity of these procedures has tended to increase over the years, 
which has increased costs and in some cases has even led the Group to abandon certain potential projects. Lost 
growth opportunities and the associated costs described above could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to risks related to its international operations 
The Group has ramped up its international expansion in recent years and it plans to continue the geographical 
expansion of its businesses into new countries and markets that it believes will contribute to the Group's future 
performance. In the year ended 31 December 2020, 77.9 per cent. of the Group's revenue was generated outside 
of Spain, primarily in France, Brazil, Chile and Italy (71.5 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019), with 
33.3 per cent. of the Group's revenue being generated outside of Europe (29.1 per cent. in the year ended 31 
December 2019). The revenues and market values of companies within the Group are exposed to risks inherent to 
the countries where they operate. The operations in some of the countries where the Group is present (including 
the Group's operations in emerging markets) may be exposed to risks related to investments and business, such 
as: 
• 
fluctuations in local economic growth;

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
• 
changes in inflation rates; 
• 
devaluation, depreciation or excessive valuation of local currencies; 
• 
foreign exchange controls or restrictions on profit repatriation; 
• 
changes in interest rates; 
• 
changes in economic and tax policies; 
• 
instances of fraud, bribery or corruption; 
• 
social conflicts; and 
• 
political and macroeconomic instability. 
The Group cannot guarantee that it will not be subject to material adverse developments with respect to its 
international operations or that any insurance coverage it has will compensate it for any losses arising from such 
risks. International expansion is not always successful and has inherent risks and costs. Any investments in foreign 
or domestic companies may result in increased complexity of the operations of the Group and the need to obtain 
tax and legal advice in each jurisdiction. The process of integration may require additional investments and 
expenses. Difficulties or failure in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services, corporate culture, 
quality standards, policies and procedures, failure to achieve expected synergies, and adverse operating issues that 
are not discovered prior to acquiring the relevant concession, as well as insufficient indemnification from the 
selling parties for legal liabilities incurred by the acquired companies prior to the acquisitions and the incurrence 
of significant indebtedness, could all make international expansion less successful. Furthermore, the Group may 
have difficulty hiring experts or qualified executives or employees willing or able to work in the countries in 
which it wishes to expand. The Group is exposed to these risks in all of its foreign operations to some degree, and 
such exposure could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time 
On 6 November 2020, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of 100 per 
cent. ownership interests in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, LLC, which wholly owns Elizabeth River 
Crossings Opco, LLC ("ERC"). The transaction was closed on 30 December 2020. Overall, the Group's strategy 
aims to expand in the core markets of Europe, North America and Latin America, as well as seeking opportunities 
in other geographies with a solid concession framework and as a result the Group may engage in acquisitions, 
investments and disposals of interests from time to time (see "Information on the Group—Overview of the Group's 
Business" and "Information on the Group—Recent Developments—Acquisition of ERC"). There can be no 
assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, 
including possible adverse effects on the Group's operating income, risks associated with unanticipated events or 
liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been disclosed during due diligence 
investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, technologies, systems, services and 
products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a change of control of an acquired 
company.   
The Group's due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the acquisition of or 
investment in a new business or asset 
Prior to entering into agreements for acquisitions, the Group generally performs due diligence in respect of a 
proposed investment, but such inspection by its nature is limited. The assets acquired by the Group may be subject 
to hidden material defects that were not apparent or discovered or otherwise considered by the Group at the time 
of acquisition. To the extent the Group or other third parties underestimated or failed to identify risks and liabilities 
associated with the acquisition of a new business or asset, the Group may incur, directly or indirectly, unexpected 
liabilities, such as defects in title, an inability to obtain approvals or licenses enabling the Group to use the 
underlying infrastructure as intended, environmental, structural or operational defects or liabilities requiring 
remediation.

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Failure to identify any defects, liabilities or risks could result in the Group having acquired assets which are not 
consistent with its investment strategy which are difficult to integrate with the rest of the Group's business or 
which fail to perform in accordance with expectations, and/or adversely affect the Group's reputation, which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may result in costs and difficulties 
beyond those foreseen 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may prove to be more difficult and 
expensive and the benefits derived from, and/or costs associated with, such integration may not be in line with 
expectations. The diversion of the management team's attention from their other responsibilities as a result of the 
need to deal with integration issues could also have an adverse effect on the Group's business. If the Company is 
not able to manage the broader organisation efficiently, it could lose key customers and fail to achieve full 
integration of the assets and resources of the new business, respectively, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The interests of the Group's shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of Notes 
The Group's parent company, Abertis Holdco, S.A., has three shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds a 
50 per cent. stake plus one share, ACS Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. ("ACS") holds a 30 per 
cent. stake and its subsidiary Hochtief has a 20 per cent. stake minus one share. Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief on 
23 March 2018 entered into a shareholder agreement (which was subsequently amended on 23 October 2018) 
whose terms would affect the management, financial policy and operation of the Company. The shareholder 
agreement contains terms relating to the payment of dividends by the Company, including a 3-year dividend policy 
applicable for the fiscal years 2018 to 2020, envisaging the distribution of an annual dividend of an average of 
€875 million per annum if compatible with a certain level of senior unsecured credit rating, as further explained 
in "Information on the Group—History—Acquisition by Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief". The principal terms of the 
originally signed shareholder agreement were disclosed to the CNMV and made public as part of Hochtief's 
voluntary takeover offer for the Company. The Company is not party to such shareholder agreement and such 
agreement may be subject to changes or termination in the future. 
In addition, the interests of the Group's shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with interests of 
holders of Notes. The Group's shareholders have, and will continue to have, directly or indirectly, the power, 
among other things, to affect its legal and capital structure and its day-to-day operations, and to approve any other 
changes to its operations. For example, the Group's shareholders could direct the Group to incur additional 
indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividend distributions. The interests of the Group's 
shareholders could conflict with interests of holders of Notes, particularly if the Group encounters financial 
difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. The Group's shareholders could also have an interest in pursuing 
acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions or other transactions that, in their judgement, could 
enhance their equity investments although such transactions might involve risks to the holders of Notes. In 
addition, the Group's shareholders may own businesses that compete directly with the Group's business. Any of 
the situations described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may suffer losses in excess of insurance proceeds, if any, or from uninsurable events 
Accidents may occur at the Group's projects, for example a motorway bridge could collapse, which may severely 
disrupt the operations and damage the reputation of the Group. The Group's toll roads and other assets may suffer 
physical damage resulting in losses (including loss of revenue) which may not be compensated for by insurance, 
either fully or at all. In addition, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, that may be 
uninsurable or are not economically insurable. The insurance policy may also not cover lost income, reinstatement 
costs, increased expenses, reputational damage or other liabilities. Moreover, there can be no assurance that if the 
Group's current insurance cover is cancelled or not renewed replacement cover will be available on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all. 
Any material uninsured losses may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Events outside of the Issuer's control may decrease toll revenues or generate significant additional costs

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Exceptional events including natural disasters (such as landslides or earthquakes) and climate conditions (such as 
snow, freezing rain or floods), multiple-vehicle accidents, criminal acts or other external factors (such as 
requisitions by the government, road haulage or employees strikes, demonstrations at toll collection points, 
pandemics or computer viruses) could result in a temporary disruption of traffic, loss of a critical item of 
equipment, a loss of a concession or license, part of the Group's network ceasing to be operational or liability 
claims being made against the Group's network, all leading to a temporary decrease in toll revenues or generating 
significant additional costs required to maintain or to restore the Group's network to working order. Exceptional 
events which have affected the Group and which have given rise to one or more of such aforementioned 
consequences include the occurrence of hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico in 2017 and the spread of the novel 
coronavirus (named COVID-19 by the World Health Organisation) as of the first quarter of 2020 (see "—The 
Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic"). Any of the above factors may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's toll revenues on free-flow toll systems are dependent on payment being received by customers 
following the use of the toll roads 
The Group operates a number of free-flow (or open-road) toll systems which allow authorities to collect tolls 
through subsequent electronic payment by customers. The Group is exposed to the risk that some customers do 
not successfully make electronic payment following the use of the toll roads. For example, electronic payment 
may not occur due to a lack of funds in the customer's account and such customer would then fail to take the 
necessary steps to make payment of the amount due or where a user of the free-flow toll roads is not registered as 
a customer (i.e. does not have an electronic device for making payment), there is a risk that such customer will 
not make payment because there is no bank account or card associated with such customer. In this case, the receipt 
of payment is subsequently pursued by the Company and obtaining such payment from the customer is not always 
successful. 
The Group's operations may contaminate the environment 
The main environmental impacts caused by the Group's operations relate to the processing of waste produced in 
connection with the development and operation of toll roads, including hazardous and non-hazardous waste. In 
particular this relates to construction and demolition waste, sludge from biological treatment plants, wet sludge 
and land contaminated with diesel fuel, among others. The disposal of such waste may cause delays and increase 
the cost of projects, and may cause environmental damage, particularly where such waste is untreated. The Group 
could be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from its 
operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The public may refuse to pay increased tolls and public pressure may cause the relevant government authority 
to challenge the Group's tariffs 
If the Group's tolls roads are viewed as expensive, motorists might avoid them or refuse to pay the tariffs, which 
would result in lower traffic volumes and reduced toll revenues. In addition, adverse general public opinion may 
result in pressure to restrict the Group's tariff increases. If public pressure or government action forces the Group 
to restrict its tariff increases or even reduce its tariffs and the Group does not receive adequate compensation under 
the relevant concession agreement, this could have an adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group's concessions may generate little or no cash 
The development and operation of infrastructure concession assets is a capital-intensive business. Newer assets 
are typically highly leveraged to optimise the capital structure with the objective of maximising shareholder return. 
As a result of the high rate of leverage, during the initial years of a concession, the costs of financing often 
consume a large proportion of a concession's available cash flows, leaving little or no cash available for 
distribution. As a result, it is unlikely that any cash generated from the Group's newer or future concessions will 
be available to be used for the repayment of amounts due under the Notes. Furthermore, it is possible that the 
Group's cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that concession may therefore take longer than 
expected to generate a profit or may never do so, which could decrease the resources available to other Group 
companies to meet their financial obligations, including those under the Notes. Such a shortfall of cash may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group depends to a significant extent on public sector customers and projects

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
The Group, and the toll road industry in general, depends to a significant extent on the continued availability of 
attractive levels of government incentives to attract private investments. Following the global economic crisis that 
began in 2008, the Group has noticed a sharp reduction in projects for the public sector, on which the Group's 
business is highly dependent. A further decrease in the spending on development and execution of public sector 
projects by governments and local authorities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Global economic instability and difficult and recessionary economic conditions in certain 
countries in which the Group operates may result in the contraction of infrastructure spending and therefore in the 
delay or suspension of projects that are already underway or awarded, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group faces risks in connection with cybersecurity 
The Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with information, control systems or 
information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any consequences of unauthorised access to 
or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or destruction of information or information 
systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism. Any material uninsured losses and reputational damage 
caused by any cybersecurity beaches may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when developing or expanding toll roads 
and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results 
In circumstances where the Group seeks to create value by undertaking the development, extension or expansion 
of a concession's toll roads, it will typically be dependent on the performance of third party contractors who 
undertake the management or execution of such development, extension or expansion on behalf of the Group. The 
risks of development, extension or expansion include, but are not limited to: 
• 
failure by such third party contractors in performing their contractual obligations; 
• 
insolvency of such third party contractors; 
• 
the inability of the third party contractors to retain key members of staff; 
• 
cost deviations in relation to the services provided by the third party contractors; 
• 
delays in the roads being available for use; 
• 
poor quality execution; 
• 
fraud or misconduct by an officer, employee or agent of a third party contractor; 
• 
diversion of resources and attention of the Group's management from operations and opportunities to 
win new concessions; 
• 
disputes between the Group and third party contractors, which may increase the Group's costs and require 
the time and attention of the Group's management; 
• 
construction risks on the projects carried out by external contractors, especially if such defects are 
discovered after the expiry of sub-contractors' warranties; and 
• 
liability of the Group for the actions of the third party contractors. 
If the Group's third party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they have been engaged, 
either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the Group's failure to properly supervise any such 
contractors, the Group's ability to complete works on schedule and within forecasted costs to the requisite levels 
of quality could be adversely impacted and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's joint venture and partnership operations could be adversely affected by its reliance on its partners' 
financial condition and performance

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Some of the Group's activities are conducted through joint ventures and partnerships, where the Group has less 
than a 100 per cent. interest in a particular entity that operates a concession with the remaining ownership interest 
being held by one or more third parties. The management and control of such a concession or entity may entail 
risks associated with multiple owners and decision makers, including the risks that: 
• 
investment partners become insolvent or bankrupt, or fail to fund their share of any costs which might 
be incurred, resulting in the Group having to pay the investment partner's share or bear the risk of losing 
the particular concession; 
• 
investment partners have economic or other interests that are inconsistent with the Group's interests and 
are in a position to take or influence actions contrary to the Group's interests and plans, which may create 
impasses on decisions and affect the Group's ability to implement its strategies and/or dispose of the 
concession or entity; 
• 
disputes develop between the Group and investment partners, resulting in the Group incurring litigation 
or arbitration costs and distracting the Group's management from its other tasks; 
• 
investment partners do not have enough liquid assets to make cash advances that may be required in 
order to fund operations, maintenance and other expenses related to the particular toll road, which could 
result in the loss of current or prospective customers and may otherwise adversely affect the operation 
and maintenance of the road; 
• 
an investment partner breaches the terms of a concession agreement, which may cause a default under 
such agreement and result in liability for the Group; 
• 
the Group may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of investment partners; 
• 
where the Group has a minority stake, it must negotiate suitable arrangements with each of its proposed 
investment partners, which may prove to be time-consuming and could restrict the Group's ability to act 
quickly or unilaterally; and 
• 
a default by an investment partner constitutes a default under the financing documents relating to the 
particular concession, which could result in acceleration of the relevant debt. 
For example, the concessions operated by concession companies in Brazil, such as Intervías, Via Paulista, Fernão 
Dias, Fluminense, Régis Bittencourt, Litoral Sul and Planalto Sul may be affected by the above-mentioned risks. 
Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to financial risks 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level of indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had approximately €25,208 million of net debt (€22,963 million of net debt 
as at 31 December 2019), which represented 54.14 per cent. of the Group's consolidated balance sheet, as at such 
date. Details of the Group's material financing can be found in Note 14 of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in relation to its international expansion, 
new acquisitions and new joint ventures. Such additional indebtedness may mature prior to the Notes or could be 
senior, if secured, to Notes issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions of the Notes place certain 
limitations on the incurrence of additional secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group (as further described 
in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).  
The Group's leverage could increase the Group's vulnerability to a downturn in its business or economic and 
industry conditions and have significant adverse consequences, including but not limited to: 
• 
limiting the Group's ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital 
expenditures, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other corporate 
requirements;

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
• 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Group's cash flow from operations to the payment 
of principal of, and interest on, the Group's indebtedness, which would make such cash flow unavailable 
to fund the Group's operations, capital expenditures, investment plans, business opportunities and other 
corporate requirements; and 
• 
limiting the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group's business, the 
competitive environment and the industry. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to satisfy 
its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Company is primarily a holding company that has limited revenue-generating operations of its own, and 
is dependent on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or meet its 
other obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company is a holding company that conducts limited business 
operations of its own and has no significant assets other than the shares it holds in its direct subsidiaries. The 
Group's revenue-generating activities are carried out by the Company's operating subsidiaries. 
Repayment of the Company's indebtedness, including the Notes, is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries to 
make such cash available to it, by dividend distributions, debt repayment, loans or otherwise. The Company's 
subsidiaries may not be able to, or may be restricted by the terms of their existing or future indebtedness, or by 
law, in their ability to make distributions or advance upstream loans to enable the Company to make payments in 
respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes. In the event that the Company does not receive distributions or 
other payments from its subsidiaries, it may be unable to make principal and interest payments on its indebtedness, 
including the Notes. 
All the existing and future liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries, including any claims of trade creditors, will 
be effectively senior to the Notes. Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company's ability to service its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
As at 31 December 2020, 78 per cent. of the Group's indebtedness bore interest at a fixed rate or a rate fixed 
through hedges (75 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). The Group's total interest paid and hedges settled for debt, 
amounted to €837,500 during 2020 and is one of the Group's largest cost items. Interest rates are highly sensitive 
to many factors beyond the Group's control, including central banks' policies, international and country-specific 
economic and political conditions, inflationary pressures, disruption to financial markets or the availability of 
bank credit. Any increases in interest rates in the Eurozone and in other jurisdictions where the Group has floating 
rate debt will require the Group to use a greater proportion of its revenues to pay interest expenses. 
An increase in the interest rates of the Group's indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its other 
indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities. The financial management of the Group 
regularly reviews market conditions and from time to time may adjust the balance of interest rate exposure in its 
debt profile. However, there can be no assurance that this interest rate management policy will adequately protect 
the Group against the risk of increased interest rates, which could be particularly damaging for the Group due to 
its high level of net debt (€25,208 million, as at 31 December 2020), plus any hedging arrangements expose the 
Group to credit risk in respect of the hedging counterparty. There can be no assurance that future interest rate 
fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, 32.4 per cent. of the Group's revenues were in currencies other than the euro 
(29 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019), such as the Brazilian real, the Chilean peso, the Argentine 
peso, the Mexican peso, the U.S. dollar and the Indian rupee. Foreign exchange rate risk arises primarily from: (i) 
the Group's international presence, through its investments and businesses, in countries that use currencies other 
than the euro; (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the business is conducted 
or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or payables in a foreign 
currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered.

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
In order to mitigate these risks the Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives to cover its significant future 
expected operations and cash flows. Any current or future hedging contracts or foreign exchange derivatives 
entered into by the Group may not adequately protect its operating results from the effects of exchange rate 
fluctuations. The Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early termination of the 
hedging agreements by, hedge counterparties. There can be no assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations 
will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's financial indebtedness may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment 
The Group needs to secure significant levels of financing to fund its operations. A number of the Group's current 
financing agreements contain standard covenants that, if breached, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If certain extraordinary or unforeseen 
events occur, including a breach of financial covenants, the Group's borrowings and any hedging arrangements 
that it may have entered into may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for repayment or 
could otherwise become subject to early termination. If the Group is required to repay borrowings early it may be 
subject to prepayment penalties and if the cash flows from its operations and other capital resources (including 
borrowings under existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to pay such obligations, the Group may be 
forced to: 
• 
reduce or delay participation in certain activities, including research and development; 
• 
sell certain non-core business assets; 
• 
obtain additional debt or equity capital; 
• 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity; or 
• 
reduce the distribution of dividends. 
The Group may not be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory terms or at all 
The Group may need to refinance its existing debt and may find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness as 
it matures, particularly if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced. There can be no guarantee 
that the Group will be able to obtain further financing on acceptable terms or at all, which could adversely affect 
the implementation of its business strategy. The Group's ability to secure financing depends on several factors, 
many of which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, adverse effects in the debt or capital 
markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and monetary policy in the markets in which it 
operates. The availability of financing and the terms thereof will also depend on the Group's and the lenders' 
estimate of the stability of the relevant concessions' expected cash flows and the expected evolution of the value 
of the concession. 
In addition, there is an international consensus that, in order to determine credit quality, the ratings provided by 
rating agencies are to be taken into account. This leads to the risk that following a deterioration in the rating of 
the Company, especially below investment grade, all financed transactions would entail an increase in financial 
costs which could even lead to the inability to enter into transactions if the Group is unable to obtain financing. 
If the Group is unable to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or delays are incurred in 
obtaining financing, this may impair the Group's ability to make investments and leverage its resources, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties 
The Group is exposed to credit risk insofar as its counterparties (such as customers, suppliers, financial 
institutions, partners and, in particular, public administrations) may default on their contractual payment 
obligations by failing to make payments on time or at all. Business activity which requires a prior investment in 
assets, such as toll roads, is especially sensitive to default risk because, in the event of default, such investment 
might not be recoverable. 
Risks associated with measuring intangible assets and goodwill

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 included intangible assets of €37,575 million (relating mainly 
to investments in transport infrastructure concession arrangements and goodwill) from total assets of €46,558 
million. The measurement of these investments in concession arrangements and, in particular, the assessment of 
their recoverable amount, involves a complex process that requires estimates to be made that include judgements 
and significant assumptions by the Group's management in the preparation of impairment tests, relating mainly to 
discount rates, macroeconomic variables, changes in traffic and tolls, future operating costs, and disbursements 
for future investments. 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 included goodwill of €8,378 million (associated mainly with 
cash-generating units disclosed in Note 7 of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect 
of the year ended 31 December 2020). The Group's management conducts impairment tests to assess the 
recoverable amount of goodwill. To the extent that these assumptions and estimates were incorrect or the 
impairment tests were flawed, the Group's intangible assets and goodwill could be lower than the amounts stated 
in the Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2020, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Group  
The Group is subject to litigation risks 
The Group is, and may in the future be, a party to judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings which arise in 
the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to compulsory land purchases required for toll road 
construction, claims relating to defects in construction projects performed or services rendered, claims for third 
party liability in connection with the use of the Group's assets or the actions of Group employees, employment-
related claims, environmental claims and tax claims. For a summary of the material legal proceedings relating to 
the Group, see "Information on the Group—Litigation and Arbitration". An unfavourable outcome (including an 
out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such proceedings or in future proceedings could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Legal risks related to licensing and approvals 
In order to be able to carry out specific projects, the Group may have to obtain approvals, licences, certificates 
and other permits from the competent authorities in specific project phases. There can be no assurances that the 
Group will be able to obtain the relevant approvals at all, or on a timely basis, or that it will be able to fulfil the 
requirements for such approvals in all cases. This could lead to delays, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a regulated industry and, in particular, environmental laws could increase the Group's 
costs 
The Group must comply with both specific toll road sector regulations (including in relation to road safety), as 
well as applicable environmental regulations established by local, regional, national and European Union ("EU") 
bodies which regulate the Group's activities. The technical requirements imposed by environmental regulations 
are gradually becoming more costly, complex and stringent. These laws may impose strict liability in the event of 
damage to natural resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability may mean that the Group is held 
liable for environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted negligently, or that it owes fines whether or 
not damage exists or is proven. The relevant authorities may impose fines or sanctions or may revoke and refuse 
to grant authorisations and permits because of a breach by the Group of applicable regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the imposition of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter application of 
existing regulations may increase the Group's costs or impose new responsibilities, leading to lower earnings and 
liquidity available for its activities. Breaching any of these regulations could result in reputational damage, which, 
in addition to the impact of any regulatory changes, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws 
The Group operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree 
and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws may conflict with local customs 
and practices. In addition, some of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates or may in the future operate lack 
a developed legal system or may have failed to implement laws and regulations or enforce such laws and 
regulations, and consequently may have high levels of corruption. In this scenario, the Group's continued

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
international expansion, development of joint venture relationships with local contractors and the use of local 
agents increases the Group's risk of being exposed to violations of such anti-bribery and corruption regulations by 
its local partners or agents. 
If the Group, its employees, agents, partners, subcontractors or suppliers breach any such laws, the Group could 
suffer, in addition to reputational damage, from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, including fines, 
denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts, termination of 
existing contracts, revocations or restrictions of licenses, criminal fines or imprisonment of key personnel, any of 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Risks relating to the economic environment of areas where the Group has operations 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by the deterioration of global economic conditions and 
political stability 
The Group's business performance is closely linked to the economic conditions in the countries, regions and cities 
in which it operates. Normally, robust economic growth in those areas where it is located results in greater demand 
for its toll roads, while slow economic growth or economic contraction adversely affects demand. The Group is 
exposed to substantial risk stemming from volatility in areas such as consumer spending, business investment, 
government spending, capital markets conditions and price inflation, which affect the business and economic 
environment and, consequently, the size and profitability of the Group's business. Unfavourable economic 
conditions could lead to lower prices for toll road projects, reduced road travel and reduced demand for the 
services provided by the Group. Furthermore, any financial difficulties suffered by the Group's subcontractors or 
suppliers could increase its costs or cause delays in its projects. 
The Group has operations in 16 different countries and is exposed to the political risks of the each of those 
countries. Events such as the United Kingdom's departure from the EU, the growth of inward-looking policies, 
protectionism and of political ideology in Member States that is contrary to the EU (where 67.6 per cent. of the 
Group's revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 were generated) could adversely affect the economies of 
the countries in which the Group operates and the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group is exposed to emerging and developing country risks 
The Group operates and is present in 16 countries across Europe, North America, South America and Asia, 
including countries classified as emerging or developing countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, 
Puerto Rico and India. Operations in these countries are subject to the customary risks of operating in emerging 
and developing markets, which include potential political and economic uncertainty, application of exchange 
controls, reliance on foreign investment, nationalization or expropriation, crime and lack of law enforcement, 
political insurrection, external interference, currency fluctuations and changes in government policy. Financial 
risks of operating in emerging and developing markets also include risks of liquidity, inflation, devaluation, price 
volatility, currency convertibility and country default resulting from significant deficits as well as other factors.  
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain and or 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. The Issuer will also redeem all outstanding Notes of the 
relevant Series if, by reason of any change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
one or more of its obligations under such Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option or obligation in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose or may be 
obligated to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer may be unable to redeem the Notes as required upon a Material Asset Sale Put Event  
If the Issuer experiences a Material Asset Sale Put Event, the Issuer will be required to redeem any Notes in 
respect of which a Material Asset Sale Put Option is exercised at their principal amount outstanding plus accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, up to such date of early redemption. However, the Issuer may be unable to do so 
because it may not have enough available funds, particularly since a Material Asset Sale Put Event could in certain 
circumstances cause part or all of the its other debt to become due and payable. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), which regulates LIBOR, released a statement on 5 March 2021 announcing the 
future cessation or loss of representativeness of the thirty-five LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by 
ICE Benchmark Administration, an authorised administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. Pursuant to 
the latest FCA statement, publication of (i) all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-
week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month 
sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 
December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 
June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US 
dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its 
proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though the 1-month, 
3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, 
the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR 
settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and the 
economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, 
after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month 
US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer 
be representative. 
Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR 
may adversely affect LIBOR rates during the term of the Notes and the return on the Notes and the trading market 
for LIBOR-based securities. The potential elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, or a determination by an Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer that a successor rate is available, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Terms and Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement)), or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including, but not limited to, Floating Rate 
Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any such other benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference 
rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based 
on the same benchmark. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes.  
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmark 
Regulation") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of 
a benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked respectively to EURIBOR or to LIBOR, or another 
"benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a "benchmark" are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the benchmark. 
In addition, any other international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to 
the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the 
relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. 
Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked to 
a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform 
of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average SONIA rate over a designated term) and assessing the differences between compounded rates and 
weighted average rates. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
Compounded Daily SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR 
is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As 
such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Notes. 
Publication of SONIA began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future performance of 
SONIA may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance and, in general, historical 
performance may not be indicative of future performance. The level of SONIA during the term of the Notes may 
bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of 
market variables and their relation to SONIA such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period 
and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an 
Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference 
to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has 
no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA.  
None of the Issuer's subsidiaries will guarantee its obligations under the Notes, and the Notes will be 
structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Issuer's subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or 
to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment.  
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of any even if such 
obligations do not constitute senior indebtedness, such that, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, 
dissolution or other winding up of any subsidiary, all of such subsidiary's creditors (including trade creditors and 
preferred stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of such subsidiary's assets before the Issuer 
would be entitled to any payment. As a result, the Notes are effectively subordinated to all liabilities of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2020, the gross debt of the Group was €28,310 million (excluding borrowings 
from companies accounted for using the equity method, interest on loans and bonds and other liabilities), with 
€13,658 million of such gross debt being held by subsidiaries of the Issuer, without considering Abertis 
Infraestructuras Finance B.V. In addition, the Issuer's subsidiaries may be subject to restrictions on their ability to 
distribute cash to the Issuer as a result of law and, as a result, the Issuer may not be able to access its cash flows 
to service its debt obligations, including the Notes.  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuer may, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, effect amendments necessary to give effect to any successor rate or alternative reference rate (as 
further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement)).

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons, any company that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Issuer (as further described in Condition 16 
(Substitution)). 
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some holders of such 
Notes may not agree. 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, 
income payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain, provided that the Issuer 
provides, pursuant to Spanish law, certain information at the relevant time in the Spanish language regarding the 
Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer will withhold Spanish withholding tax from any 
payment in respect of any outstanding principal amount of the Notes (as applicable) as to which the required 
information has not been provided at the relevant time and will not gross up payments in respect of any such 
withholding tax. The Agency Agreement (as defined herein) provides that the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent 
applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. 
The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing 
system rules or procedures or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See "Taxation — The 
Kingdom of Spain". None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, as amended, provides that any payment of 
interest made under securities originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by 
Spanish legislation or by the legislation of another Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD) country will be made with no withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes provided that the relevant 
information about the Notes is received by the Issuer. In the opinion of the Issuer, payments in respect of the 
Notes will be made without deduction or withholding of taxes in Spain provided that the relevant information 
about the Notes is submitted by the Fiscal Agent to it, notwithstanding the information obligations of the Issuer 
under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation, by virtue of which identification of Spanish investors may be 
provided to the Spanish tax authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such 
depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer will be 
bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding and the Issuer will not, 
as a result, pay additional amounts. 
Risks arising in connection with the Spanish insolvency law 
The consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal)(the "Spanish 
Insolvency Law") regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings, as opposed to out-of-court 
liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when it is 
not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the moment 
that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. The debtor is also 
entitled to apply for such insolvency proceedings when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so (insolvencia 
inminente). Insolvency proceedings are available as a type of legal protection that the debtor may request in order 
to avoid the attachment of its assets by its creditors. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Law 3/2020 of 18 September, which introduces a new set of measures 
within the Spanish judicial system to deal with the effects caused by COVID-19 pandemic, until 14 March 2021

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
(inclusive) debtors that are insolvent will not have the duty to file for insolvency proceedings, whether or not they 
have notified the judge that negotiations have been opened with creditors to reach a refinancing agreement, to 
reach an out-of-court payment agreement (acuerdo extrajudicial de pagos) or acceptances of a company voluntary 
arrangement (propuesta anticipada de convenio). Additionally, until 14 March 2021 (inclusive), judges will not 
agree to process petitions for compulsory insolvency proceedings filed by creditors after the state of emergency 
was declared in Spain (i.e. 14 March 2020). However, if a debtor voluntarily files for insolvency on or before 14 
March 2021, this petition will be processed as a priority even if it comes after creditors petition for compulsory 
insolvency proceedings. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is 
not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency; (ii) provisions in a bilateral contract granting one 
party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable; and (iii) accrual of 
unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of 
insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date shall become subordinated. In the case of secured 
ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) interests shall keep accruing after the 
declaration of insolvency up to the limit of the secured amount, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary 
interests that may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the 
insolvency administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of secured 
default interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) these shall not accrue after the 
declaration of insolvency, in accordance with the Spanish Supreme Court judgment dated 11 April 2019. Any 
payments of interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination provisions of Article 281.1.3º 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights 
even if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured 
dissenting creditors may be written down or stayed not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge 
as a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a collective out-
of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación) without insolvency proceedings having 
been previously opened (e.g., refinancing agreements which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the 
judge), in both scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and unless (ii) some 
exceptions in relation to the kind of claim or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). 
The majorities legal regime envisaged for these purposes also hinges on (i) the type of the specific restructuring 
measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.) as well as 
(ii) on the part of claims to be written-down (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as 
calculated pursuant to the rules established in the Spanish Insolvency Law). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if passed. Additionally, 
liabilities from those creditors considered specially related persons for the purpose of Article 283 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the 
collective out-of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación). 
As such, certain provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating 
to the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks related to the Market generally  
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities.

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer.  
Although application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes and, therefore, any prospective 
purchaser should be prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity or final redemption of such Notes.  
Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" are Notes that may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market 
in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower return for investors. 
Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on other Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above that 
may affect the value of the Notes and as such should not be relied upon by investors when making an investment 
decision. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA that is certified under the CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to 
invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the 
documents incorporated by reference, by any investor. 
Words and expressions defined under the headings "Form of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any Dealers that Notes may be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein, in which event, in 
the case of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of Exempt Notes only 
and if appropriate, a supplementary prospectus or drawdown prospectus will be published which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such change, or such additional terms will be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer: 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., incorporated as a limited liability 
company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain. 
Risk Factors: 
The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas and J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, Natixis, Société Générale, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
and UniCredit Bank AG. 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to admit the Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) to be issued under the Programme to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will 
state where the relevant Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and any other clearing system as 
may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement.  
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) aggregate principal 
amount outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series shall 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue 
price and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different 
in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also 
be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single 
Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" 
or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(i) 
Individual Note Certificates; or 
(ii) 
one or more Global Registered Notes 
The Global Registered Note may be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in which case it shall 
be and registered in the name of a nominee of one of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations 
of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer 
(unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the 
consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal 
Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de 
mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) 
(the "Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which 
replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory 
exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other outstanding, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. The price and amount of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with the prevailing 
market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination thereof or 
in such other manner as may be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus and the method of calculating the 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Subject to Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), Floating Rate 
Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (as supplemented, amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series including by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); or  
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom  or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default (as defined below)) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year". 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further described in 
the Conditions.  
Redemption on Change of Control 
or Material Asset Sale: 
Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a Change of Control 
Put Event (where the relevant Final Terms so specify) and/or a Material 
Asset Sale Put Event (all as defined below), to require the Issuer to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par plus accrued interest, as 
further described in Conditions 10(f) (Change of Control Put Option) 
and 10(g) (Material Asset Sale Put Option). 
Clean-up Call Option: 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether the Issuer has a 
Clean-up Call Option. See Condition 10(i) (Clean-up Call Option). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described above, early redemption will only be permitted for 
tax reasons as described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see "Subscription and Sale – Other UK regulatory 
restrictions ", and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in either a Member State of the

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus either 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in 
another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by 
any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
There will be a cross-default in respect of the Notes (as set out in 
Condition 14 (Events of Default)) 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Spain, unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, subject as provided in Condition 13 
(Taxation) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no withholding been required. 
Information requirements under 
Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended, 
the Issuer is required to provide the Spanish tax authorities with certain 
information relating to the Notes in a timely manner. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under "Taxation—The Kingdom of Spain—
Reporting obligation", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.). 
If this were to occur, affected Noteholders will receive a refund of the 
amount withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Fiscal 
Agent submits the required information to the Issuer no later than the 
10th calendar day of the month immediately following the relevant 
payment date. In addition, Noteholders may apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled. 
The Issuer will not pay additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding tax. 
 
Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or the Clearing Systems accept any responsibility relating to the 
procedures established for the collection of information concerning the 
Notes. 
Substitution: 
Subject to certain conditions, the Issuer, or any previous substituted 
company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company that is a Subsidiary 
or an affiliate of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 16 
(Substitution). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (except in relation to Condition 4 (Status), which shall be 
governed by Spanish law), the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement and the Dealer Agreement will be governed by English law.

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes, individual 
investors' rights against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of 
Covenant date on or around 15 March 2021, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material (including in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Spain, Belgium, 
the Republic of Italy, Japan and Singapore), see "Subscription and Sale 
" below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes including the repayment or 
refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect of a particular 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
1. 
the English-language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer (including the 
auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but excluding the consolidated directors' report appended 
thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019, which has been approved by the board of 
directors of the Issuer on 4 March 2020 and by the Issuer's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 
21 April 2020 (the "2019 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"), available for viewing on: 
 
https://www.abertis.com/media/general_meetings/2020/CCAA%20Consolidadas%20Abertis%202019
%20ENG%20%2B%20I.%20audit.pdf 
2. 
 the English-language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer (including the 
auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but excluding the consolidated directors' report appended 
thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020, which has been approved by the board of 
directors of the Issuer on 9 March 2021 but remain subject to the approval of the Issuer's Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 20 April 2021 (the "2020 Audited Consolidated Annual 
Accounts "), available for viewing on: 
https://www.abertis.com/media/annual_reports/2020/CCAA%20%2B%20Informe%20Abertis%20Infra
%20Conso%202020%20English.pdf 
3. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 32 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 18 March 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_c101a88c-b6a8-408e-bc06-c78935618ee1.pdf  
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 33 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 6 March 2019 relating to 
the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_47bfdbd4-aaa4-429a-95ef-f66c29f0c6fb.pdf  
The documents specified above have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of the documents 
specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer. Any information contained in any of the documents specified 
above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
subsequent document which is also incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference or any supplement hereto, 
modifies or supersedes such a statement. Any statement so superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation 
to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of 
Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Pricing Supplement, that Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, amend, replace and/or complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with 
this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Pricing Supplement are the Conditions described in the relevant Pricing Supplement as amended, supplemented 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the "TEFRA C 
Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation 
to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then 
if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where both the TEFRA D Rules are applicable and the Notes have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market 
participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") 
would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the 
necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes 
to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited 
on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will 
be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will 
at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
subject of Final Terms and which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than pursuant to one 
or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount 
of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or a drawdown 
prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") or a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which 
amends, supplements and/or replaces these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. References in these Condition to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include references to the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 15 March 
2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" 
are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 18 March 2020 (the 
"Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplements are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and copies may be obtained from Paseo de la Castellana, 39, 
28046 Madrid, Spain. 
(f) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the "Public Deed") before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes. The Public Deed 
will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"acting in concert", for the purposes of Conditions 10(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 10(g) 
(Material Asset Sale Put Option), means persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal) co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the 
successful outcome of an offer for a company. A person and each of its affiliated persons will be deemed 
to be acting in concert with each other. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that 
such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-
paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Concession Agreements" means each of the concession agreements entered into between the Spanish 
state or the French State or any other state and a member of the Group in relation to the concessions for 
the operation of certain motorways or any other type of infrastructure; 
"control", for the purposes of Conditions 10(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 10(g) (Material Asset 
Sale Put Option), means where a person (or persons acting in concert) has direct or indirect control of the 
power to cast, or control the casting of, over 50 per cent. of the total voting rights conferred by all the 
issued shares in the capital of the entity in issue which are ordinarily exercisable at a general meeting. 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 
15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of 
redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice 
at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding any and all amounts classified as a borrowing under the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) relating to (i) the payment of royalties 
under Concession Agreements and (ii) rents due pursuant to operational leases; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, including by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Limited-recourse Borrowing" means any Indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors thereof is 
limited to any or all of (a) the relevant project (or the concession or assets related thereto), (b) the share 
capital of, or other equity contribution to, the entity or entities developing, financing or otherwise directly 
involved in the relevant project; and (c) other credit support (including, without limitation, completion 
guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided in support of such indebtedness; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets or gross 
revenues each exceed 20 per cent. of the Group's gross assets or gross revenues, respectively, as at the 
most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group, where: 
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the gross assets 
owned or gross revenues generated by such Subsidiary (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Issuer's, direct or indirect, ownership percentage of such company; and 
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the gross assets 
or gross revenues of all members of the Group (in each case as determined by multiplying the 
gross assets owned or gross revenues generated by such members of the Group (on a standalone 
basis without double counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such company),  
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer);

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Conditions hereto and in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, by any of 
the Issuer and/or one or more Material Subsidiaries (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
reorganisation involving the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary and a Shareholder or a Subsidiary of a 
Shareholder), by means of: 
(a) 
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or partial) (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, a Target Merger); or 
(b) 
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind of disposal 
of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; or 
(c) 
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not effected through a 
capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; or 
(d) 
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or 
(e) 
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a Material Subsidiary) 
or a part (in the case of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary) of its business (whether in the form 
of property or assets, including any receivables, shares, interest or other equivalents or corporate 
stock held or otherwise owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable) at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of the board of directors of the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as applicable, to be made (or have been made) on 
arm's length terms, provided that, in each case, following such sale, transfer lease, exchange or

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
disposal, the Group shall carry on the whole or substantially the whole of the business of owning 
and operating infrastructure assets or businesses reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or 
in furtherance thereto, 
provided, however, that (i) in any such reorganisation affecting the Issuer, the Issuer shall maintain or 
any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all the obligations under the 
relevant Notes, including the obligation to pay any additional amounts under Condition 13 (Taxation), 
and (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall have occurred it shall (if 
capable of remedy) have been cured. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means (i) any Security Interest in existence as at the relevant Issue Date 
to the extent that it secures Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary outstanding 
on such date; (ii) any Security Interest upon the shares (or equity equivalent) the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary holds in, or its rights under a loan made to, a Project Entity for the benefit of the holders of 
the Relevant Indebtedness of such Project Entity; (iii) in the case of any entity which becomes a 
Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, which is deemed to become a Material Subsidiary) of any 
member of the Group after the Issue Date of the Notes, any Security Interest securing Relevant 
Indebtedness existing over its assets at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable, provided that the Security Interest was not created in contemplation of or in connection with 
it becoming a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as applicable, and the amounts secured have not been 
increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; (iv) any Security Interest created in connection 
with convertible bonds or notes where the Security Interest is created over the assets into which the 
convertible bonds or notes may be converted and secures only the obligations of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, to effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets; (v) any 
Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness created in substitution of any Security Interest permitted 
under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above over the same or substituted assets provided that (1) the principal 
amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the principal amount outstanding and secured 
by the previous Security Interest and (2) in the case of substituted assets, the market value of the 
substituted assets as at the time of substitution does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced (as 
determined by an independent adviser of international repute appointed by the Issuer); and (vi) any 
Security Interest other than Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) to (v) above directly or 
indirectly securing Relevant Indebtedness, where the principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness 
(taken on the date such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred) which is secured or is otherwise directly or 
indirectly preferred to other general unsecured financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, does not exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the total net shareholders' 
equity of the Group (as disclosed in the most recent annual audited or half-year unaudited consolidated 
balance sheet of the Group); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Entity" means a company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, association, 
organisation or trust whose principal business is constituted by the ownership, acquisition, development, 
operation or maintenance of an asset or a project; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
their respective successors and/or, any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), in each case, solicited by (or with the 
consent of) the Issuer. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR or SONIA as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, certificate or other security which is for the time being, or is capable of being listed or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market) and which does not constitute Limited-recourse Borrowing; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Requisite Number of Rating Agencies" means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the 
rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Notes 
or to the Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, 
fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Notes or to the Issuer. 
"Reserved Noteholder Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in 
respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change 
the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
"Shareholders" means Atlantia S.p.A., ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and Hochtief 
Aktiengesellschaft. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
for the avoidance of doubt, entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the Shareholders but not 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, are not Subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"Target Merger" means a merger of Abertis Participaciones, S.A. and Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., 
with either Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. or Abertis Participaciones, S.A. as the surviving entity. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
and 
(ix) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or 
a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require). 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status  
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer and 
in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 
281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future 
and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future. 
5. 
Negative Pledge  
 So long as any Notes, or any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of such Material Subsidiaries' 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee 
of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; and 
(c) 
neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall give any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness of 
any person (other than a Subsidiary of the Issuer),  
in each case, without at the same time or prior thereto, securing or guaranteeing the Notes and Coupons 
equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by the 
Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(e) shall apply to Notes 
which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The 
relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall 
cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later 
than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the 
time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where:

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate or rates in accordance with the process 
specified in sub-paragraphs (iv) and (v) below as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to substituting 
the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such 
preceding Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not 
be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Issuer (to the 
extent practicable, in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, then the following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Interest 
Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate. 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(h)); 
provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer is unable to or does 
not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Interest Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding 
Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Relevant Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the 
Relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest Period; for 
the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(h). 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may 
also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
(v) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
7(h), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula 
or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread). The Adjustment Spread 
shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), subject to 
any further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 7(h).  
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may 
be required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 7(h) (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"). Consent of the Holders of the relevant Notes shall not be required 
in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or 
Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out in this Condition 7(h), including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required). 
(vii) 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof to 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders, which shall specify the effective date(s) 
for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential 
changes made to these Conditions. 
(viii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, 
the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(h); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7A. Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a)  
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b)  
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
"p" means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an Interest Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that "p" shall not be less than five London Banking Days without 
prior written approval of the Calculation Agent);  
"Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", falling in the relevant Observation Period, the 
SONIA Reference Rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that 
is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London 
Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, subject to Condition 7(h), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be (i) the 
Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7A, subject 
to Condition 7(h), the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, respectively, relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of default), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain 
outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 0 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
9. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the due date set out in the Final Terms. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time 
on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by 
the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) 
the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as 
reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to 
maturity on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the 
Determination Agent.  
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 10(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such 
Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of Control Put Option: If Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control 
and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of 
Control Period), or  
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, 
the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control 
Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 10(j) (Illegality)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as 
defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert, in each case other than the Shareholders or any person or persons acting on behalf of the 
Shareholders, acquire(s) control directly or indirectly of the Issuer. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by the 
Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or 
its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the 
Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment grade rating (as described 
above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective 
equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in 
the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit 
rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces 
or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the 
lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control. If on the Relevant Announcement Date the Issuer or the Notes carry a credit rating 
from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-
paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or before the 
90th calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable 
endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or (ii) if it does 
so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result 
of the relevant Change of Control, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for 
the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms or, having been

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the failure to assign an investment grade 
rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Issuer or any bidder or any designated advisor, 
of the relevant Change of Control, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date (such 90th 
day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the 
Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Issuer or the Notes, if a 
Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 
days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its 
rating of the Issuer or the Notes under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a 
result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control, the Change of Control Period shall 
be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating 
Agency.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances 
giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this 
Condition 10(f). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the "Change 
of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given together with a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent 
(a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 10(f). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at 
the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put 
Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Optional Redemption Date"). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(g) 
Material Asset Sale Put Option: If at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, within the Material Asset Sale Period, a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs (such Material Asset 
Sale and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Material 
Asset Sale Period), or  
(B) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Material Asset 
Sale, the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event in respect 
of that Material Asset Sale occurs, 
(each, a "Material Asset Sale Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Material Asset 
Sale Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 10(j) (Illegality)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date 
(as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(g): 
A "Material Asset Sale" shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time following the Issue Date of the 
Notes, the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or some of the shares of one or more Principal 
Subsidiaries with the result that the Issuer ceases to have control over such Principal Subsidiaries.  
"Principal Subsidiary" means any member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) 
which accounts for more than 30. per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group as of the date of 
the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group (the "Most Recent 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group"), where:  
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the EBITDA 
generated by such member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) (on a 
standalone basis without double counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such company; 
and  
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the EBITDA of 
all members of the Group, (in each case as determined by multiplying the assets owned or 
revenues generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis without double counting) 
by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such company),  
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
"EBITDA", in relation to any Material Asset Sale, means profit (loss) from operations plus the 
depreciation and amortisation charge and changes in impairments losses on assets, in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) by reference to the most 
recent annual audited financial accounts of the Group preceding the relevant Material Asset Sale. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Material Asset Sale if (within 
the Material Asset Sale Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by the 
Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or 
its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the 
Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment grade rating (as described 
above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective 
equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Material Asset Sale Period subsequently upgraded (in 
the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit 
rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces 
or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the 
withdrawal, lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the 
applicable Material Asset Sale. If on the Relevant Announcement Date the Issuer or the Notes carry a 
credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then 
sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or before the 
90th calendar day after the start of the Material Asset Sale Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable 
endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or (ii) if it does 
so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Material Asset Sale Period and as a result 
of the relevant Material Asset Sale, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for 
the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms or, having been 
so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the failure to assign an investment grade 
rating was the result of the applicable Material Asset Sale. 
"Material Asset Sale Period" means the period beginning on the date of the Formal Material Asset Sale 
Announcement (the "Relevant Announcement Date") and ending 90 days after the Relevant 
Announcement Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other 
Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its 
rating of the Issuer or the Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period 
commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial 
Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer or the Notes under consideration for rating review

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
either entirely or partially as a result of the Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement, the Material 
Asset Sale Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public 
announcement by such Rating Agency.  
"Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement" means the first of any formal public announcements of 
the occurrence of the relevant Material Asset Sale in respect of the Issuer.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Material Asset Sale Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Material Asset Sale and the circumstances giving rise 
to it and the procedure for exercising the Material Asset Sale Put Option contained in this Condition 
10(g). 
To exercise the Material Asset Sale Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Material Asset 
Sale Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the "Material 
Asset Sale Put Period") of 45 days after a Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice is given together with a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent 
(a "Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 10(g). 
A Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at 
the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Material Asset Sale Put 
Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Material Asset Sale Put Period (the "Optional Redemption Date"). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Material Asset Sale 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(h) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such 
other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Residual 
Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole 
but not in part, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three months before the Maturity Date in 
respect of Notes or such shorter time period as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the "Clean-Up 
Call Option") but subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the relevant Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having 
given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which Notice shall be irrevocable) 
in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of such redemption.  
(k) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(j) (Illegality) above.

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(l) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(m) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
11. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable U.S. law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
12. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 12 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection 
with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of the Bond if the Issuer does not 
receive in a timely manner certain information about the Bonds of such holder as it is required 
by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and completed 
certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 
July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer on 
the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with 
the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required 
to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.  
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes or fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes, in each case on the due date for payment thereof and such 
failure continues for fifteen (15) days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, if such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any 
event of default (howsoever described); or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) is not paid when due or, as the 
case may be, within any applicable grace period; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due and upon the expiry of any applicable 
grace period any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in 
respect of, any Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing); 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this sub-paragraph (c) have occurred equals or 
exceeds €100,000,000) in aggregate principal amount or its equivalent; or 
(d) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries (other than in relation to Permitted Security Interest) and is not discharged or stayed 
within 180 days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order from 
which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment of any 
amount in excess of €100,000,000 or its equivalent, whether individually or in aggregate, is rendered 
against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where the Issuer or

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
any Material Subsidiary is incorporated and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 days 
after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than in respect of any 
Limited recourse Borrowing), present or future, securing an amount equal to or in excess of €100,000,000, 
created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(g) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(h) 
Insolvency Proceedings: any corporate action or legal proceedings is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the several suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) of the Issuer (other than a solvent liquidation or pursuant to a Permitted 
Reorganisation of such persons); or 
(ii) 
a composition, assignment or arrangement with all creditors of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the bankruptcy, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver 
or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer, or any of the assets of the Issuer in connection 
with any insolvency proceedings; or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer, 
provided that any such corporate action or legal proceedings which is not initiated, approved or 
consented to by the Issuer, is not discharged or stayed within 180 days; or 
(i) 
Change of Business: the Issuer or any successor resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation ceases to carry 
on, directly or indirectly, the whole or substantially the whole of the business the Issuer carries on directly 
(on a non-consolidated basis) at the relevant Issue Date (otherwise than for the purposes of, or pursuant 
to, a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon 
it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, 
any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Issuer, provided that no payment 
in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by 
a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 13 (Form of Deed Poll), and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the 
Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the 
Notes and Coupons shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll and a 
deed of guarantee substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 14 (Form of 
Deed of Guarantee) (the "Deed of Guarantee"), (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant and Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Documents") 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or the guarantor (as 
applicable), and in the case of the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, 
with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (v) an opinion of 
independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the Issuer and delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Documents and, as the case may be, the Deed of Guarantee, 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the 
Issuer as guarantor, and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution 
to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation 
to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material 
to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 14 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee and the events listed in Condition 14 (Events 
of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to 
be) in full force and effect and the provisions of Conditions 14(c) (Cross-default of Issuer or Material 
Subsidiary) to 14(i) (Change of Business) inclusive shall be deemed to apply in addition to the guarantor. 
17. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
18. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent 
and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
19. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Noteholder Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or 
more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to 
the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless, in the opinion of the Issuer (acting in 
good faith), it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in 
the opinion of the Issuer (acting in good faith), not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement), 
certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of Floating Rate Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
21. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
22. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status), which is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 23(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other 
courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Abertis Motorways UK Ltd, c/o Moorcrofts LLP, Thames House Mere Park, Marlow, 
Buckinghamshire, SL7 1PB, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such 
other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] / [•]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore)(as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products 
"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020] Terms and 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020] and 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021. These Final Terms contain the final terms 
of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 [and the supplemental 
Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020] and are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, One 
Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin and will be available at: www.ise.ie.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[•] 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series with [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples of 
the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[•] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Notes, except for in the context of Zero 
Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more than 
100% of the Notes) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the Interest 
Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [17/18/19/20/21] below)]

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, commencing from [•]] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph [vi] 
below/, unadjusted]  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification: The amount of interest payable for any 
Interest Period is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(e)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Additional 
Business 
Centre(s)]: 
[•] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[•]/[London Banking Days prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
•            "p": 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
[specify 
relevant 
period/date(s)]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
[(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
 
 
[c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[•]

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
24. 
Condition 11(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA 
Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA] rates and volatility can be obtained [but 
not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
(vi)  Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, OR WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] / [•]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] March 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] (together, the "Base Prospectus").  This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of 
the Notes described herein for the and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020] Terms and 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020] and 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021. This Pricing Supplement contains the 
pricing supplement of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 
[and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information ([together], the 
"Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 
2019/18 March 2020] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the 
Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein.] 
The Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 
5AL, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be 
available at: www.ise.ie.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[•] 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series with [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples of 
the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[•] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/]16 below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Notes, except for in the context of Zero 
Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more than 
100% of the Notes) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the Interest 
Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, commencing from  [•]] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph [vi] 
below/, unadjusted]  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification:  The amount of interest payable for any 
Interest Period is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(e)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / [other Day Count Fraction listed in the 
Conditions]] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Additional 
Business 
Centre(s)]: 
[•] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention / [any 
other Business Day 
Convention listed in the 
Conditions]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[•]/[London Banking Days prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
•            "p": 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / [other]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
[specify 
relevant 
period/date(s)]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
[(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
 
 
[c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[•]

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
23. 
Condition 11(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
26. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
29. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(consider if additional risk factors are 
required) 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [•] with 
effect from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [•] with effect from [•].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA 
Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA] rates and volatility can be obtained [but 
not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 -

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long 
as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, 
in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will 
be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary 
or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that 
depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing 
system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising 
under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the 
relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of 
principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the 
payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of payment 
is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day 
before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option or Material Asset Sale Put Option: In order to exercise the 
option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 10(f) (Change of Control 
Put Option) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the 
period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent,

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing 
system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered 
Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered Note 
is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any 
case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding 
(an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would 
otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to 
such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on 
written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom 
such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system 
for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or 
other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant 
clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes including the 
repayment or refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 
 
Incorporation and Status 
The Company was incorporated in Barcelona, Spain on 24 February 1967 pursuant to the Spanish Companies Act as 
a public limited company (a sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the name Autopistas, Concesionaria Española, S.A., 
subsequently changed to Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. The Company is incorporated for an unlimited term and 
operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Company is at Paseo de la Castellana, 39, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain and the telephone number is +34 915951000. The Company is registered with the Madrid Commercial Registry 
at volume (tomo) 36,981, sheet (folio) 180 and page (hoja) M-660899.  
Share Capital and Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Company amounts to €2,734,696,113 represented by 
911,565,371 shares with a nominal value of €3.00 per share. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 98.7 per cent. of 
the Company's share capital is held by Abertis HoldCo, S.A. ("Abertis HoldCo"), which in turn has three 
shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds a 50 per cent. stake plus one share, ACS Actividades de Construcción 
y Servicios, S.A. ("ACS") holds a 30 per cent. stake and its subsidiary Hochtief AG ("Hochtief") has a 20 per cent. 
stake minus one share. 
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled "Information on the Group – History" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled "Information on the Group 
– Overview of the Group's Business" in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of the board 
of directors of the Company as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside 
the Group 
Mr. Marcelino Fernández Verdes 
 
Chairman 
CEO of ACS, Chairman of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
of 
Hochtief 
& 
Executive 
Chairman of the Board of 
CIMIC Group 
Mr. Francisco José Aljaro Navarro  
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
N/A 
Mr. Pedro José López Jiménez 
 
Director 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Hochtief, Board 
Member of ACS & Non-
executive Director of CIMIC 
Group

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
Mr. Fabio Cerchiai 
 
Director 
Chairman of Atlantia 
Mr. Carlo Bertazzo 
 
Director 
CEO of Atlantia 
 
The business address of each of the members of the board of directors at the date of this Base Prospectus is Paseo de 
la Castellana 39, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
Credit Ratings 
The Company has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (negative outlook) and BBB (negative outlook) by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), respectively. The 
Company has been assigned short term credit ratings of A-3, and F3 by S&P and Fitch, respectively. Each of S&P 
and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Company to the Company 
and their respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
 
History 
The Group is one of the world's leading toll road manager in terms of kilometres ("km") managed, with approximately 
8,700 km of high-capacity and quality roads and operations in 16 countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia. The 
Group is a leading toll road operator in countries such as Spain, Chile and Brazil, and has a notable and significant 
presence in France, Italy, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Argentina. The Group also owns two concessions in India and 
one in USA. 
Acquisition by Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief 
For more information on the acquisition of the Company by Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief, see Note 5 and 13 of the 
2020 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In order to make a joint investment in the Company, Atlantia, Hochtief and ACS entered into an agreement, as 
amended, on 23 October 2018 (the "Shareholder Agreement"). The Shareholder Agreement has an initial term of 
10 years with the aim of developing a long-term industrial project based, on the one hand, on the expertise of ACS 
and Hochtief in the fields of construction, management, and infrastructure O&M (operation and maintenance) and, 
on the other hand, Atlantia's (together with ACS and Hochtief, the "Parties") expertise as a global operator in the 
transport infrastructure industry, in particular with regards to toll roads, which, together with the Company's expertise 
and asset portfolio, will lead to the consolidation of their respective businesses. In addition, under the Shareholder 
Agreement, the Parties are restricted from transferring all or any portion of their shares in Abertis Holdco prior to the 
5th anniversary of the date when Abertis Participaciones, S.A.U. ("Abertis Participaciones") (which was 
subsequently absorbed by the Company on 15 March 2019) acquired 98.7 per cent. of the Company's share capital 
from Hochtief, without the prior written consent of the other Parties. 
The Parties intend to develop a strategic long-term partnership with the aim of maximising the synergies between the 
Parties in the form of new PPPs (public private partnerships), including both greenfield and brownfield projects. For 
this purpose, the Parties have a commercial agreement whose scope applies to greenfield and brownfield toll projects 
and sets a framework for cooperation. 
In this context: 
(a) 
"greenfield projects" are projects that involve the construction, financing, operation and maintenance of toll 
roads, and 
(b) 
"brownfield projects" are projects related to toll roads which have already been constructed and are tendered 
during the operation phase, including investments (capex) to facilitate the development of the project or 
infrastructure capacity increases. 
Regarding greenfield projects in core ACS or Hochtief markets, ACS and/or Hochtief will identify business 
opportunities related to toll road projects and will invite Abertis and/or Atlantia to participate in their projects. The 
Parties will analyse the size of the project and ways of increasing the consortium's chances of being prequalified. The 
Parties will have pro-rata stakes in the projects according to the following agreed percentages: 60 per cent. the 
Company, 20 per cent. Atlantia, 20 per cent. ACS and/or Hochtief. 
As regards brownfield projects, the Company and Atlantia will have the opportunity to join the project and ACS 
and/or Hochtief may be invited to participate to the extent that they can bring relevant expertise into the project. 
The terms of any such collaboration would be agreed on an arm's length basis between the parties.

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
The Shareholder Agreement grants Atlantia a right of first offer in the case of disposals of the Company's toll road 
assets. It grants a right of first offer to the Company and/or Atlantia in the case of disposals of ACS's stakes in toll 
road concessions. 
In addition, the Shareholder Agreement includes the following terms: 
(i) 
The Company had a 3-year dividend policy applicable for the fiscal years 2018 to 2020, envisaging the 
distribution of an annual dividend of an average of €875 million per annum, on the assumption that this amount 
is compatible with a senior unsecured credit rating of at least BBB from Standard & Poor's ("S&P") for the Notes 
issued by the Company. At the expiry of the 2018 to 2020 period and thereafter every 3 years, the parties will set 
a dividend policy where the dividends will be the highest possible compatible with a minimum rating target of at 
least BBB from S&P for the Notes issued by the Company. If at any time there is a realistic risk of a rating 
downgrade to BBB-, the Parties will apply a reduction to the dividend distribution of the Company, provided that 
it will not fall below 55.5 per cent. of the envisaged distribution, to maintain the minimum rating target of at least 
BBB for the Notes. If at any time there is a realistic risk of a rating downgrade to below BBB-, the Parties will 
apply a reduction of the envisaged distribution to the minimum amount required to maintain a credit rating of at 
least a BBB- for the Notes. 
If the consolidated group credit profile of Atlantia is downgraded by S&P to such a level that, as a consequence, 
the senior unsecured credit rating for any Notes issued by the Company is downgraded by S&P to BBB- or lower, 
the minimum rating target for the notes shall be intended to be BBB- and therefore the dividend policy of Abertis 
shall be anchored to such lower minimum target rating. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the senior unsecured credit rating of the Company from S&P is BBB- 
(negative outlook). On 3 November 2020, the board of directors of the Company resolved to pay the remaining 
50 per cent. (equal to €437.5 million) of the dividend, that was charged to voluntary reserves, which was approved 
on 21 April 2020 by the shareholders' general meeting convened to approve the results of the 2019 financial year. 
On the same date, the board of directors approved the new financial policy setting dividends payable in 2021 and 
2022 at €600 million per annum. 
(ii) 
Based on the shareholding of each of Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief described above, out of a total of five members 
of the board of directors of the Company, Atlantia will have the power to appoint three members (including the 
chief executive officer) and each of ACS and Hochtief will have the power to appoint one member, with certain 
Reserved Matters (as defined below) requiring at least one vote from a director nominated by Atlantia and one 
vote from a director nominated by either ACS or Hochtief. From the date of the approval of the 2018 consolidated 
annual accounts of the Company, the total number of members of the board can be increased to nine by a written 
request from any of Atlantia, ACS and Hochtief, maintaining the proportion of nominees by each of the 
shareholders. 
(iii) 
In the event that either Atlantia or the ACS group hold less than 35 per cent. of the Company's share capital, such 
entity or entities shall cease to be a party of the Shareholder Agreement. 
"Reserved Matters" means (i) any amendments of the Company's by-laws; (ii) any issuance of any equity-linked 
instruments and/or synthetic instruments, excluding an issuance required under the Shareholder Agreement for the 
purpose of maintaining an investment grade rating; (iii) the entering into a merger, de-merger, segregation, a global 
assignment of assets and liabilities, a transfer of the registered office abroad or similar business combination 
transactions or transformations ("modificaciones estructurales") other than transactions between wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of the Group, Abertis Holdco and Abertis Participaciones; (iv) applying for a listing, a public offering 
for sale or subscription of all or part of the shares of Abertis Holdco or the Company, as applicable, except as 
otherwise provided in the Shareholder Agreement; (v) the distribution of dividends or reserves other than in 
accordance with the dividend policy set forth in the Shareholder Agreement; (vi) any M&A transaction (for example,

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
acquisitions, disposals or equity investments in assets, or participations in projects) with a value above €80,000,000, 
in aggregate for one financial year; (vii) any modification to the financial policy or dividend policy of the Group as 
set forth in the Shareholder Agreement; and (viii) any transactions between a member of the Group and Atlantia, ACS 
and Hochtief, their affiliates or a related party, other than those permitted under the Shareholder Agreement 
("Permitted Transactions"). Permitted Transactions include those effected to maximise synergies in countries in 
which both the Company and Atlantia are present. 
Simplified Organisational Structure 
Set forth on the next page is an organisational chart of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 -

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIs 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 
and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
KPI 
FY2019 
(€Mn)
 
FY2020
(€Mn) 
Group 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
3,737
2,628
EBIT 
1,052
(43)
GROSS DEBT 
25,608
28,310
 
NET DEBT(1) 
22,963
25,208
 
NET FINANCIAL DEBT 
21,573
23,971
 
CAPEX 
641
477
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH FLOW 
2,464
1,791
 
FY2019
(%)
FY2020 
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
69.7
64.8
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
100
100
Notes: 
(1) 
Net debt over EBITDA was 9.59 and 6.2 for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, 
respectively. 
 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group by concession operator (revenue and 
EBITDA generated by the operation of toll roads) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for the years then 
ended.  
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 20 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 20) 
 FY2019 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2019 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2020 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
France ..... Sanef(1): 
- A-1 (Paris-Lille) 
- A-2 (Peronne-Valenciennes) 
- A-4 (Paris-Strasbourg) 
- A-16 (Paris-Boulougne sur 
Mer/Dunkerque) 
- A-26 (Calais-Troyes) 
100% 
 
1,388 
 
17,713 
 
12  
 
1,325 
 
940 
 
1,076  
 
680

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 20 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 20) 
 FY2019 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2019 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2020 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Sapn: 
- A-13 (Paris-Caen) 
- A-14 (Paris La Défense-
Orgeval) 
- A-29 (Le Havre-Saint Quentin) 
100% 
 
372 
 
19,504 
 
14 
 
438 
 
302 
 
356 
 
277 
Alis (*)(2): 
- A-28 (Rouen-Alençon) 
20% 
 
125 
 
 
 
0  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A'liénor (*): 
- A-65 (Langon-Pau) 
35% 
 
150 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Spain ....... Acesa: (3) 
- AP-7 (La Jonquera-Barcelona, 
Barcelona-Tarragona) 
- AP-7 (Montmeló- El Papiol) 
- AP-2 (Saragossa-Mediterráneo) 
100% 
 
478 
 
 
18,764 
 
1 
 
551 
 
467 
 
418 
 
377 
Invicat(3): 
- C-31 / C-32 (Montgat-Palafolls)
- C-33 (Barcelona-Granollers) 
100% 
 
66 
 
 
37,238 
 
1 
 
130 
 
112 
 
116 
 
98 
Avasa: 
- AP-68 (Bilbao-Saragossa) 
100% 
 
294 
 
 
9,232 
 
6 
 
170 
 
133 
 
121 
 
86 
Aucat: 
- C-32 (Castelldefels-Sitges-El 
Vendrell) 
100% 
 
47 
 
 
16,340 
 
19 
 
109 
 
98 
 
75 
 
59 
Castellana: 
- AP-6 (Villalba-Adanero) 
- AP-51 (Villacastín-Ávila) 
- AP-61 (San Rafael-Segovia) 
100% 
 
120 
 
 
8,765 
 
10 
 
127 
 
97 
 
86 
 
59 
Aulesa: 
- AP-71 (León-Astorga) 
100% 
 
38 
 
 
3,024 
 
55 
 
7 
 
3 
 
5 
 
1 
Trados 45 (*): 
- M-45 stretch II 
51% 
 
14 
 
65,169 
 
9 
 
32 
 
29 
 
30 
 
27 
Túnels: 
- Vallvidrera tunnel 
- Cadí tunnel 
50% 
 
46 
 
10,020 
 
17 
 
64 
 
50 
 
42 
 
30 
Autema:(*) 
- C-16 Sant Cugat-Terrasa-
Manresa 
24% 
 
48 
 
12,671 
 
0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brazil ....... 
 
 
 
 
0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Centrovias(4): 
- SP 310 (São Carlos-
Cordeirópolis) 
- SP 225 (Itirapina-Jaú-Bauru) 
42% 
 
218 
 
12,636 
 
0 
 
91 
 
70 
 
27 
 
16

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 20 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 20) 
 FY2019 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2019 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2020 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Intervias:  
- Autopista Monsenhor 
Clodoaldo de Paiva/Engenheiro 
João/ Deputado Laércio Corte 
- Anel Viário Prefeito Jamil 
Bacar 
- Autopista Gilberto Sila Telles 
- Autopista Wilson Finardi 
- Autopista Vicente Botta 
- Autopista Doutor Paulo 
- Via Anhanguera 
- Autopista Comendador 
Virgolino de Oliveira 
42% 
 
380 
 
10,333 
 
16 
 
95 
 
74 
 
74 
 
53 
ViaPaulista: 
- (Araraquara-Itaporanga) 
42% 
 
720(5) 
 
6,211 
 
27 
 
54 
 
33 
 
70 
 
46 
Fernão Dias: 
- (São Paulo-Belo Horizonte) 
42% 
 
570 
 
27,714 
 
13 
 
81 
 
29 
 
58 
 
16 
Fluminense: 
- (Río de Janeiro-Espírito Santo) 
42% 
 
320 
 
15,464 
 
13 
 
48 
 
20 
 
37 
 
18 
Régis Bittencourt: 
- (Curitiba-São Paulo) 
42% 
 
390 
 
26,327 
 
13 
 
100 
 
51 
 
73 
 
42 
Litoral Sul: 
- (Palhoça/ Florianápolis-
Curitiba/Quatro Barras) 
42% 
 
406 
 
42,001 
 
13 
 
75 
 
23 
 
59 
 
25 
Planalto Sul: 
- (Capao Alto-Curitiba) 
42% 
 
413 
 
7,706 
 
13 
 
37 
 
12 
 
27 
 
11 
Chile(6) ..... Elqui: 
- Los Vilos-La Serena 
80% 
 
229 
 
6,761 
 
2 
 
26 
 
22 
 
20 
 
13 
Rutas del pacífico: 
- Santiago de Chile- Valparaíso- 
Viña del Mar 
80% 
 
141 
 
 
30,180 
 
5 
 
116 
 
93 
 
71 
 
49 
Autopistas del sol: 
- Santiago de Chile- San Antonio 
80% 
 
133 
 
40,066 
 
1 
 
79 
 
60 
 
52 
 
37 
Autopista de los andes: 
- Los Andes-Ruta 5 Norte 
80% 
 
92 
 
8,771 
 
16 
 
28 
 
16 
 
23 
 
12 
Autopista de los libertadores: 
- Santiago-Colina-Los Andes 
80% 
 
116 
 
17,771 
 
26 
 
21 
 
10 
 
10 
 
-1 
Autopista Central: 
- Eje Norte-Sur 
- Eje General Velásquez 
80% 
 
62 
 
91,336 
 
13 
 
272 
 
225 
 
190 
 
154 
Italy ......... Autostrada Brescia Verona 
Vicenza Padova (A4): 
- A4 (Brescia-Padova) 
- A31(Piovene Rocchette-Badia 
Polesine) 
90% 
 
236 
 
45,649 
 
6 
 
411 
 
213 
 
313 
 
132

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 20 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 20) 
 FY2019 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2019 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2020 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Mexico…. FARAC I: 
- Maravatío-Zapotlanejo 
- Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno 
- León-Aguascalientes 
- Guadalajara-Zapotlanejo 
- Jiquilpan-La Barca(7) 
53% 
 
663 
 
11,985 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
205 
 
159 
COVIQSA:  
- Querétaro-Irapuato 
53% 
 
93 
 
35,203 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
18 
CONIPSA: 
- Irapuato-La Piedad 
53% 
 
74 
 
22,172 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
1 
COTESA:  
- Tepic-San Blas 
53% 
 
31 
 
3,362 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
0 
AUTOVIM:(8) 
- Zamora-Ecuandureo 
53% 
 
14 
 
- 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
 
- 
Puerto 
Rico (US) . 
Metropistas: 
- PR-22 San Juan-Arecibo 
- PR-5 San Juan-Bayamón 
51% 
 
88 
 
62,584 
 
41 
 
137 
 
96 
 
106 
 
73 
APR: 
- Teodoro Moscoso Bridge 
100% 
 
2 
 
14,591 
 
24 
 
24 
 
20 
 
16 
 
13 
Argentina GCO: 
- Buenos Aires-Luján 
49% 
 
56 
 
65,525 
 
10 
 
51 
 
7 
 
32 
 
2 
Ausol: 
- Autopista Panamericana 
- Autopista General Paz 
32% 
 
119 
 
70,577 
 
10 
 
80 
 
20 
 
53 
 
12 
India ........ TTPL: 
- NH 45 Trichy-Ulundurpet 
100% 
 
94 
 
21,547 
 
6 
 
18 
 
12 
 
14 
 
8 
JEPL: 
- NH 44 Hyderabad-Jadcherla 
100% 
 
58 
 
 
30,642 
 
6 
 
14 
 
10 
 
12 
 
9 
Colombia . Coviandes (*): 
- (Santa Fe de Bogota-
Villavicencio) 
40% 
 
86 
 
0 
 
0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UK ........... RMG (*): 
- A1-M (Alconbury-
Peterborough) 
- A419/417 (Swindon-
Gloucester) 
33% 
 
74 
 
34,292 
 
6

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes 
(*) 
Investments in associates which are accounted for using the equity method. 
(1) 
This number does not include 8 km added to Sanef in February 2020 due to construction work realised in the route A-16. 
(2) 
In June 2020, after obtaining all the relevant administrative authorisations, SANEF and SAPN completed the sale of the 
entirety of their interest in Alis. 
(3) 
This concession expires in August 2021. 
(4) 
This concession expired in June 2020. 
(5) 
This number includes the 317 km of Autovias, which expired in July 2019. Via Paulista entered into operation, gradually, on 
25 January 2019 for the new kilometres (the 317 km of Autovias were transferred on 3 July 2019). 
(6) 
The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (Adia) maintains through various shareholdings the equivalent to a 20% interest in the 
economic rights of the Company’s business in Chile. 
(7) 
No tolls are paid on this section of the FARAC I route, so the Average Daily Traffic for FARAC I does not take into account 
the traffic of this section. 
(8) 
This concession entered into service on 15 December 2020. 
Overview of the Group's Business 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group's assets and operations are located in 16 countries across 
Europe, North America, South America and Asia. The Group's business is the development, maintenance 
and operation of toll road projects under concession agreements. Concession agreements are contracts under 
which a public sector entity agrees with a private company to construct and operate certain infrastructure for 
a period of time in consideration for the right to collect tolls, with the private company returning the 
infrastructure to the public sector entity at the end of the term of the concession. 
The Group's current strategy focuses on a long-term outlook for investments, sustainable growth and national 
and international competitiveness, an approach of a global nature, a mission to actively participate in 
management and to ensure service quality and a close relationship with the Group's customers. The strategy 
aims, by means of efficient management and rigorous analysis of opportunities, to grow profitably, to support 
sustainable shareholder returns. The Group pursues a disciplined growth strategy focused on markets with 
stable legal frameworks in North America, Western Europe, Latin America or Australia. 
Toll road concession projects are long-term, capital-intensive projects that can typically be divided into two 
distinct phases: the construction phase and the operation phase. The construction phase, involving the design 
and construction of the toll road, requires large capital expenditures, during which usually no revenues are 
received, except for projects that include sections of roads that are already in operation. The great majority 
of projects taken on by the Group are brownfield projects, where it acts as project manager for the 
construction work carried out on a concession project, using third-party contractors. Once the construction 
phase is completed, the operation phase begins, which involves operating and maintaining the toll road and 
equipment related to the concession. Once a toll road is operational, tolls are collected and a lower level of 
capital expenditure is required. Revenues from toll road concessions depend on the volume of traffic and the 
tariffs. The tariffs are typically set by the relevant governmental authority in the concession agreement and 
usually increase in line with inflation (see "Risk Factors—The Group does not have discretion to increase 
the tariffs on its toll roads"). The revenues therefore depend greatly on the level of traffic on the road (see 
"Risk Factors—The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads"). Expenses 
during the operation phase consist principally of operating expenses, which depend primarily on the length, 
age and state of repair of the toll road, as well as factors such as volumes of heavy traffic and weather 
conditions and financing expenses, which depend primarily on interest rates. In addition, some concession 
arrangements may contractually require the Group to maintain a certain level of capital expenditure or 
maintenance investment in the relevant toll road.

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
 
 
The following is a description of the Group's primary concessions by country as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
France 
The Group generated 36.4 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 in France, 
which is now the Group's largest market. Through various purchase transactions in 2017, the Company 
assumed a 100 per cent. stake in Holding d'Infrastructures de Transport ("HIT") (which itself holds 100 per 
cent. of Sanef), up from 53 per cent. as at 31 December 2016. The Group directly manages 1,785 km of toll 
roads. Investee (not controlled) companies manage 160 km. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, with a minimum annual rate increase of 70 per cent. of the inflation index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
Country 
 KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
1,258  
972 
EBIT 
317
6 
GROSS DEBT 
5,810
6,603 
 
NET DEBT 
5,758
5,566 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
915
763 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
69.7
66 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
34
37 
 
The main concession arrangements in France are the following:  
Sanef 
Sanef and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement for the maintenance and operation 
of toll roads in northern France (A1, Paris-Lille, and A2, Paris-Valenciennes) and eastern France (A4, Paris-
Strasbourg) as well as the Paris ring roads (A16, Paris-Boulogne-sur- Mer; A26, Calais-Troyes; and A29, 
Amiens-Neuchatel-en-Bray). Following a June 2015 agreement with the French Government on "Plan de 
Relance" for the French toll roads, with the aim of upgrading the toll road network, the concession has been 
extended by two years, until 31 December 2031. 
Sapn 
Sapn (99.97 per cent. owned by Sanef) and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement 
for the maintenance and operation of toll roads in western France (A13, Paris-Caen, and A14, Paris La 
Défense - Orgeval) as well as the Paris ring road (A29, Le Havre-Saint-Saëns). Following a June 2015

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
 
 
agreement with the French Government on "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads, with the aim of 
upgrading the toll road network, the concession has been extended by three years and eight months, until 31 
August 2033. 
Investment Obligations 
In January 2017, Sanef entered into a memorandum of understanding with the French Government to launch 
a new investment plan to modernise its network, such memorandum of understanding being ultimately 
agreed on 24 July 2018. Under the agreement, Sanef will invest €122 million in various projects in exchange 
for an additional annual increase in tolls for 2019-2021 (0.225 per cent. for Sanef and 0.218 per cent. for 
Sapn). 
The HIT and Sanef sub-group, within the framework of "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads formalised 
in 2015, reached an agreement with the French Government to make investments for a compensated amount 
of approximately €600 million to upgrade the toll road network in exchange for the extension of the term of 
the concessions (two years for Sanef and three years and eight months for Sapn). As at 31 December 2020, 
investments amounting to 489 million had been made (€417 million as at 31 December 2019). 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to France was €173 million.  
Spain 
The Group generated 22.1 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 in Spain (28.5 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019). The Group operates concessions in this country directly 
through concession companies Acesa, Invicat, Aucat, Túnels, Castellana, Avasa, Aulesa and Trados 45 (each 
as defined below) and also has a non-controlling interest in Autema. The Group has eight concessions in 
Spain, directly managing 1,105 km of toll roads. In addition, investee (not controlled) companies manage 48 
km (1 concession). 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the consumer price index and traffic volumes. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 114 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Country 
KPI 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
1,283
 
705 
EBIT 
341
-9 
GROSS DEBT 
573
515 
 
NET DEBT 
534
468 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
1,047
748 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
84
79 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
34
27 
 
The main concession arrangements in Spain are the following:  
Acesa 
Acesa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the AP-7 and AP-2 toll roads, which expires on 31 August 2021 (granted in 
1967). Following the signing of the concession arrangement and without extending the term thereof, an 
agreement was entered into with the grantor (amending certain aspects of the concession arrangement) to 
widen the AP-7 toll road between la Jonquera and Vilaseca/Salou to three lanes over a 123 km stretch, for a 
planned investment of €504 million (at 2005 prices). See "Information on the Group—Litigation and 
Arbitration— Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa)". 
Invicat 
Invicat and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for 
the construction, maintenance and operation of the C-32, C-31 and C-33 toll roads of the Catalonia 
Autonomous Community Government, which expires on 31 August 2021 (granted in 1967). Subsequent to 
the signing of the concession arrangement and without extending the term thereof, an agreement was entered 
into with the grantor amending certain aspects of the concession arrangement and establishing the general 
conditions for modifying and adapting the stretch of the C-32 toll road between Palafolls and the junction 
with the GI-600 road that is being widened, in addition to other road and mobility management 
improvements linked to the toll road and its operation in the Maresme corridor, with a planned investment 
of €96 million. 
In addition, an agreement with the concession grantor dated 23 December 2013 (which came into force on 1 
January 2014) amended certain aspects of the concession and provided for toll unification measures, 
auxiliary upgrade work in the area of influence of the toll road and measures to favour the financing of 
public-transportation policies and mobility. A system to remunerate these measures was decided upon, 
including the possible extension of the concession term. 
Aucat 
Aucat and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for 
the construction, maintenance and operation of the C-32 Pau Casals toll road. The concession expires on 26

--- Page 115 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
 
 
January 2039 (granted in 1989). Subsequently, an agreement with the authorities dated 23 December 2013 
(which came into force on 1 January 2014) amended certain aspects of the concession and provided for toll 
unification measures, auxiliary upgrade work in the area of influence of the toll road and measures to favour 
the financing of public-transportation policies and mobility. A system to remunerate these measures was 
decided upon, including the possible extension of the concession term. 
Túnels 
Túnels and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for 
the maintenance and operation of the Vallvidrera tunnel and the Cadí tunnel (and their corresponding 
accesses) for a term of 25 years, which ends on 31 December 2037 (granted on 31 December 2012). 
Castellana 
Castellana and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Segovia (AP-
61) and the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Avila (AP-51). The arrangement expires in 
November 2029 (granted in 1999) pursuant to the arrangement itself and based on the traffic levels between 
November 2015 and November 2019. In addition, it should be noted that this company was awarded, from 
January 2018 (until November 2029), the concession arrangement previously operated by Iberpistas. 
Avasa 
Avasa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the Bilbao-Zaragoza stretch of the Ebro Toll Road, now the AP-68 toll road, 
which expires on 11 November 2026 (granted in 1973). 
Aulesa 
Aulesa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the León-Astorga toll road, which expires on 11 March 2055 (granted in 2000). 
Trados-45 
Trados-45 and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and public service management of the Eje O'Donnell to NIV road section, which 
operates a shadow toll and which expires on 31 August 2029 (granted in 1998). 
Investment Obligations 
Royal Decree 483/1995 sets forth the agreement entered into in January 2010 between Invicat and the 
Catalonia Autonomous Community Government and includes a schedule containing a framework 
cooperation agreement setting forth the general conditions for modifying and adapting the stretch of the C-
32 toll road between Palafolls and the junction with the GI-600 road that is being widened, in addition to 
other road and mobility management improvements linked to the toll road and its operation in the Maresme 
corridor. 
Within the framework of the aforementioned agreement, on 19 March 2015 a new agreement was entered 
into to include the construction, upkeep and operation of a new toll-free access road connecting the toll road 
with Blanes and Lloret de Mar. The investments to be made are estimated at €65 million and will be 
compensated through cash or through an extension of the duration of the concession agreement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Spain was €15 million.

--- Page 116 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Brazil 
The Group generated 10.7 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 in Brazil (11.7 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019). The Company has a controlling interest in the following 
concession companies belonging to the Arteris sub-group: Intervias, Planalto Sul, Fluminense, Fernão Dias, 
Régis Bittencourt, Litoral Sul, and Via Paulista (integrating the 317 km of Autovías which expired in July 
2019) (each as defined below). The Group has seven concessions in Brazil, directly managing 3,200 km of 
toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation and the level of capital expenditure, where investments are compensated through 
a right to increase tariffs by a value stipulated under the concession agreements. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
Brazil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
339 
233 
EBIT 
105 
-47 
GROSS DEBT 
1,653 
1,273 
 
NET DEBT 
1,526 
1,137 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
174 
141 
 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
54.2 
54 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
9 
9 
 
The concession arrangements in Brazil are the following:  
Intervías 
Intervias (DER/SP no. 19/CIC/98, governed by State Decree no. 42,411 of 30 October 1997, which was 
modified by Amendment no. 14/06 of 21 December 2006) and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department 
(Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the toll road covering the SP-147-370-215 routes, which connect 
the municipalities of Itapira, Mogi-Mirim, Limeira, Piracicaba, Conchal, Araras, Rio Claro, Casa Branca, 
Porto Ferreira and São Carlos (lot 6), which expires in April 2028 following a three month extension agreed 
on 14 January 2016 (operation began in February 2000). 
Planalto Sul 
Planalto Sul (governed by Bid Announcement (Edital de Licitação) no. 006/2007 of 15 February 2008) and 
the National Highway Transportation Agency (Agência Nacional de Transportes Terrestres ("ANTT")) 
entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116/PR/SC 
toll road (lot 02) from the outskirts of Curitiba in the State of Paraná to the state line between Río Grande do 
Sul and Santa Catarina, which expires in February 2033.

--- Page 117 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Fluminense 
Fluminense (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 004/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-101/RJ toll road (lot 
04) that crosses Rio de Janeiro State, running from the Niteroi bridge north of the city to the Espírito Santo 
state line, which expires in February 2033. 
Fernão Dias 
Fernão Dias (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 002/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-381-MG/SP toll 
road (lot 05), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, which expires in 
February 2033. 
Régis Bittencourt 
Régis Bittencourt (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 001/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT 
entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116-SP/PR 
toll road (lot 06), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Curitiba, Paraná, which expires in February 
2033. 
Litoral Sul 
Litoral Sul (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 003/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT, entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116, BR-376/PR and 
BR-101/SC toll roads (lot 07), which connect the city of Curitiba, Paraná, and Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, 
which expires in February 2033. 
Via Paulista 
Via Paulista (ARTESP nº0359-ARTESP-2017, governed by State Decree no. 62,333 of 21 December 2016) 
and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department (Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) 
entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the SP-334, SP-
255, SP-257, SP-330, SP-318, SP-328, SP-249, SP- 304, SP-281, SP-304/310 and SP-345 toll roads that 
connect the municipalities of Franca, Batatais, Ribeirão Preto, Araraquara, São Carlos, Santa Rita do Passa 
Quatro, Jaú, Avaré, Itaí, Itaporanga and Riversul, which expires in November 2047 (granted on 22 November 
2017). 
Investment Obligations 
In connection mainly with the concession arrangements of the toll road concession operators of the Arteris 
sub-group, the Group has the following obligations to invest in upgrading the infrastructure or increasing its 
capacity: 
 
FY2020 (Mn) 
 
FY2019 (Mn) 
(nominal amount) 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concession operators dependent on 
the Brazilian Federal Government(1) 
3,145 
494 
 
1,861 
412 
Concession operators dependent on 
the State of São Paulo(2) 
4,381 
688 
 
3,907 
865 
 
7,535 
1,182 
 
5,768 
1,277

--- Page 118 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
The construction and maintenance period is expected to last for the concession term, which ends in 2033. 
(2) 
Including 4,309 million Brazilian Reais (approximately €676 million) associated with the Via Paulista 
concession that was put out for tender in 2017 and will foreseeably be executed over the concession term up 
to 2047 (at 2019 year-end 3,832 million Brazilian Reais, approximately €848 million). 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Brazil was €215 million.  
Chile 
The Group generated 9.1 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 in Chile (10.3 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019). The Group's operations consist of controlling interests in the 
concession companies belonging to the Vias Chile sub-group: Autopista Central, Rutas del Pacífico, Elqui, 
Andes, Sol, and Libertadores (each as defined below), managing a total of 773 km of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts 
and supplementary agreements. Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis, 
except for Sol in respect of which adjustments are made on a semi-annual basis, and determined by reference 
to factors including inflation. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
Chile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
445 
 
281 
EBIT 
76 
 
-36 
GROSS DEBT 
1,463 
 
1,247 
 
NET DEBT 
1,183 
 
1,030 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
283 
 
196 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
80.3 
 
76 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
12 
 
11 
 
The main concession arrangements in Chile are the following:  
Autopista Central 
Autopista Central and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the North-South corridor and the General Velásquez corridor (62 
km), both in Santiago, Chile, ending in July 2031. Pursuant to an Ad-Referendum Agreement the parties 
agreed an increase in the term of the concession contract of 12 months (until July 2032), with the Ministry

--- Page 119 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
 
 
of Public Works retaining the option of making a direct payment for any unpaid balances at the end of the 
extended period, or grant a new extension of the concession term (see "Investment Obligations" below). 
Rutas del Pacífico 
Rutas del Pacífico and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the Santiago-Valparaíso-Viña del Mar link road and the Southern 
Artery (Troncal Sur), with a maximum term of 25 years, until August 2024, conditional upon completing the 
offered ITC (Ingresos Totales de la Concesión). The offered ITC being the total concession revenue that the 
winning bidder proposes to achieve from the concession (as formalised in the relevant supplementary 
agreements), calculated by taking into account a number of factors including the present value of toll income, 
which at the date of this Base Prospectus could be met in mid 2024. Pursuant to the Supreme Decree relating 
to free-flow electronic tolling system published in December 2018, the concessionaire was granted an 
additional 10 months extension to the concession arrangement, which would be applicable from August 2024 
or such earlier date that the offered ITC would be completed. 
Elqui 
Sociedad Concesionaria del Elqui, S.A. ("Elqui") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a 
concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Los Vilos-La Serena stretch 
of Ruta 5, which expires in December 2022. 
Andes 
Sociedad Concesionaria de los Andes, S.A. ("Andes") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Camino Internacional 
Ruta 60 Ch toll road, which crosses the districts of Los Andes, San Esteban, Santa María, San Felipe, 
Panquehue, Catemu, Llay-Llay, Hijuelas, La Calera, La Cruz, Quillota, Limache and Villa Alemana, which 
expires in July 2036. 
Sol 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista del Sol, S.A. ("Sol") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Santiago-San Antonio 
toll road, which after certain supplementary agreements, was to expire in May 2019. Nevertheless, pursuant 
to the Supreme Decree published in March 2018 relating to third lane construction works, the concession 
term was extended by 22 months, until March 2021. The Ministry of Public Works of Chile has executed the 
option of making a direct payment for any unpaid balances at the end of the extended period. In addition, a 
new Supreme Decree relating to free-flow electronic tolling system published in August 2019 granted an 
additional 8 months extension to the concession arrangement, starting once the supplementary agreement in 
relation to the third lane construction works is fully compensated. The expiration date is November 2021. 
Libertadores 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Los Libertadores, S.A. ("Libertadores") and the Ministry of Public 
Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of 
the Santiago-Colina-Los Andes toll road, which expires in March 2026. 
Investment Obligations 
In 2016, Autopista Central entered into a non-binding framework memorandum of understanding with the 
Chilean Ministry of Public Works relating to the possible performance of construction work in connection 
with the Nudo de Quilicura junction (the "Quilicura project") (the estimated investment in building works 
amounts to close to 14.1 million Unidades de Fomento ("UF") (a Chilean currency unit indexed according

--- Page 120 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
 
 
to inflation), approximately €471 million at 31 December 2020), which in return would entail the extension 
of the concession arrangement by 32 months (after the extension established in the Maipo Bridge's 
supplementary agreement). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, this memorandum of understanding has 
not yet been executed as further described below. 
In March 2018, a resolution regarding the construction works of Phase 1 of the Quilicura Project, together 
with the re-engineering of Phase 2 was formalised. The corresponding supplementary agreement has not yet 
been formalised, nor has it been published in the Chilean Official Gazzette (upon which it would become 
fully effective). 
In addition, on 19 November 2019, Autopista Central entered into a non-binding framework memorandum 
of understanding with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works so as to agree an annual elimination of the tariff 
increase above the consumer price index (up to 3.5 per cent.) plus potentially committing certain investment 
up to a maximum, in net present value, of about UF 9,000,000 net of VAT which could be part of Phase 2 of 
the Quilicura Project. The impact of the elimination of the 3.5 per cent. in tariffs, together with the potential 
investments, and other marginal impacts associated with the implementation and operation of this agreement 
will be offset by at least a 12 month extension to the concession arrangement (until July 2032), with the 
Ministry of Public Works maintaining the option of making a direct payment for any non-compensated 
balances at the end of the extended period, or of granting a further extension of the concession term. This 
memorandum of understanding was executed in December 2019 by means of an Ad Referendum agreement. 
The publication in the Chilean Official Gazette was made on 31 January 2020, which establishes the general 
conditions for the elimination of the annual real adjustment of 3.5 per cent. of the tariffs established in section 
1.14.7 of the Bidding Terms. As a result, the said tariffs will be adjusted annually only by reference to the 
Consumer Price Index (CPI), unless otherwise indicated by the Ministry of Public Works from 2021 onwards. 
In the case of Sol, in March 2018 a Supreme Decree was published formalising the framework memorandum 
of understanding and the resolution ordering the performance of the engineering work (both documents 
signed in 2016 with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works) relating to the project for construction work 
associated mainly with the construction of third lanes leading to the sector of Talagante. The estimated 
maximum investment is approximately UF 4.6 million (approximately €153 million at 31 December 2020 
including VAT and project administration expenses) which in return led to the extension of the concession 
arrangement from May 2019 to March 2021. As at 31 December 2020, investments amounting to CLP 64 
billion had been made. 
On 17 December 2018, a resolution was handed down by the Chilean Ministry of Public Works ordering the 
performance of engineering and construction work associated with the implementation of a free-flow 
electronic tolling system in the Sol concession. The estimated maximum investment is close to UF406,000 
(around €14 million as at 31 December 2020), including VAT. The investments, loss of revenue and increased 
costs associated with the implementation and operation of the system will be offset by an 8 month extension 
to the concession arrangement, and the Chilean Ministry of Public Works may choose to replace this 
extension with a direct payment of the balance of investments, losses and costs not yet settled in this regard. 
The Chilean Ministry of Public Works chose the 8 month extension compensation alternative. The 
corresponding Supplementary Agreement was published on 31 August 2019 in the Chilean Official Gazette. 
At present, investments have been made for an accumulated amount of CLP15 billion (approximately €17 
million at 31 December 2020). 
In addition, on 31 May 2018 Rutas del Pacífico entered into a non-binding framework memorandum of 
understanding with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works relating to the possible performance of construction 
work associated with the implementation of a free-flow electronic tolling system, with an estimated 
maximum investment of close to UF473,000 (around €16 million as at 31 December 2020, including VAT).

--- Page 121 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
 
 
The investments, loss of revenue and increased costs associated with the implementation and operation of 
the system will be offset by a ten-month extension to the concession arrangement. This memorandum of 
understanding was executed in November 2018 by means of an Ad Referendum agreement and, in December 
2018, was published in the Chilean Official Gazette at which time it became fully effective. 
On 31 May 2018, Libertadores agreed with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works the basis for a future non-
binding framework memorandum of understanding relating to the potential performance of construction 
work associated with the implementation of a free-flow and 'stop & go' electronic tolling system, with an 
estimated maximum investment of close to UF100,000 (around €3 million as at 31 December 2020, including 
VAT). The investments, loss of revenue and increased costs associated with the implementation and operation 
of the system will be offset by a ten-month extension to the concession arrangement, and the Ministry of 
Public Works may choose to replace this extension with a direct payment of the balance not yet settled in 
this connection. On 23 November 2018, the Chilean Ministry of Public Works handed down a resolution to 
carry out engineering and associated works. The resolution was executed in November 2019 by means of an 
Ad Referendum agreement and on 30 October 2020 was published in the Chilean Official Gazette at which 
time it became fully effective. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Chile was €6 million. 
Italy 
The Group generated 8.2 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2020 in Italy (8 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019). In 2016, the Company acquired 51.4 per cent. of A4 Holding 
S.p.A. ("A4 Holding"), for €594 million, of which €589 million will be paid in February 2023 (present value 
of €546 million at 31 December 2020 and €527 million at 31 December 2019). Through various purchase 
transactions in 2017, the Company increased its stake in A4 Holding to 90.03 per cent. in 2018. The Italian 
business has one concession, managing 236 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, a remuneration factor for the investments already made (which could be positive 
or negative), a remuneration factor for the future investments, and a quality premium in relation to the quality 
of the pavement and the number of accidents. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
232 
150  
EBIT 
 
105 
-93 
GROSS DEBT 
 
477 
250 
 
NET DEBT 
 
184 
83 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
163 
122 
 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
54.0 
45 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
6 
6

--- Page 122 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova (A4) 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova S.p.A ("A4") (wholly owned by A4 Holding) and the Italian 
Government entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of a 
section of the A4 (Brescia-Padova) and A31 (Vicenza-Piovene Rocchette and Vicenza-Badia Polesine) toll 
roads, which, following the initial approval of the A31 toll road extension project (the "Valdastico project") 
by the Inter-ministerial Committee for Economic Planning (CIPE) in September 2016, has a confirmed 
duration until 31 December 2026. 
The Valdastico project has suffered some delays in the determination of the final lay-out of the Trentino 
section. Additionally, a recent ruling from the Italian Consiglio di Stato (Council of State) overturned a CIPE 
decision of 2013 approving a preliminary project for the Veneto section before the overall lay-out of the 
Valdastico project was determined. This could further delay the commencement of work, as it is likely that 
an overall project approval is required before any section-specific project is validated. However, this does 
not jeopardise the completion of the Valdastico project as such. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
dialogue on the final lay-out is ongoing. Against the ruling of the Consiglio di Stato (judge of last instance), 
A4 filed two appeals before the Corte di Cassazione for jurisdiction reasons, respectively with two legal 
proceedings, both dated 25 March 2019. In addition, on 6 May 2019, a counter-appeal and cross-appeal 
(controricorso con ricorso incidentale) was filed by the State Legal Advisory Office (Avvocatura Generale 
dello Stato) on behalf of the Italian Government (CIPE - Comitato Interministeriale della Programmazione 
Economica, Presidenza Consiglio dei Ministri, Ministero Economia e Finanze, Ministero Infrastruture e 
Trasporti, Ministero Ambiente, Ministero Beni e Attività Culturali), against the ruling of the Consiglio di 
Stato, before the Corte di Cassazione. On 2 February 2021, the decisions of the Corte di Cassazione were 
published and the appeals were rejected. As a result, the position expressed by the Consiglio di Stato remains 
unchanged and A4 shall comply with the decision that the Valdastico be considered as a single project, not 
divided in two lots. This does not change the interest of A4 in the project nor alters the next phases which 
are planned, because a single route will nonetheless have to be defined following the ongoing environmental 
evaluation. 
Investment Obligations 
In August 2016, the A4 sub-group received approval from the Comitato Interministeriale per la 
Programazione Economica (CIPE) to upgrade the A31 toll road by carrying out the Valdastico project, which 
led to the confirmation of the duration of the concession arrangements for the A4 and A31 toll roads until 
December 2026. The purpose of this project, which is currently being designed, is to build a road 
interconnection corridor between the d'Astico Valley, the La Valsugana Valley and the Adige Valley. The 
project would entail for the A4 sub-group, by the time it would be completed, estimated total investments of 
around €2,200 million pursuant to the current economic and financial plan. The investment made will 
eventually be recovered, partly during the remaining concession term (up to December 2026) and partly 
through an unconditional right to receive an amount from the grantor that will be exercised at the end of the 
concession term, subject to negotiations with the relevant authority. Given the complexities of the project, 
there is a risk that no material investment can be started before the end of the concession. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Italy was €23 million. 
Mexico 
In Mexico, the Company has a 53.1 per cent indirect stake in Red de Carreteras de Occidente S.A.B. de C.V. 
("RCO"), through a Mexican special purpose vehicle. RCO is one of the main toll road networks in Mexico

--- Page 123 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
 
 
constituting the main transportation route in the central-western region, connecting the main industrial 
corridor of El Bajío with the two largest cities (Mexico City and Guadalajara). 
Through the acquisition of RCO in 2020, the Group has added nearly 875 km to its network, which will 
reach a total of approximately 8,400 kms of directly managed toll roads. In addition, such transaction 
contributes to the extension of the average remaining life of the concession portfolio of the Group and 
replaces future revenue loss resulting from the end of concessions with other assets. 
RCO is one of the main pure-play toll road operators in Mexico, and controls 100 per cent. of five 
concessionaires (four federal and one state) that manage a total of 9 toll roads roads in the country: 
• 
FARAC I manages five toll roads of 663 kms (one of which is a toll-free segment). The roads 
represent the main connection between the two largest cities in the country: Mexico City and 
Guadalajara, crossing the states of Jalisco, Michoacán, Guanajuato and Aguascalientes; 
• 
COVIQSA and CONIPSA manage two shadow toll roads of 93 and 74 kms, respectively. These 
roads cross three states in the Bajío industrial corridor: Querétaro, Guanajuato and Michoacán; 
• 
COTESA manages the 31-km Tepic-San Blas toll road, which connects the State of Nayarit and the 
Pacific coast; and 
• 
AUTOVIM manages the 14-km Zamora-Ecuandureo toll road that connects the city of Zamora with 
FARAC I, in Michoacán. It entered into service on 15 December 2020. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
 
Mexico 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
 
183 
EBIT 
 
107
GROSS DEBT 
 
2,222
 
NET DEBT 
 
1,900
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
68
 
 
 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
80
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
7
Notes: 
(1) 
Comparative figures as at 31 December 2019 and for the year then ended, have not been 
included due to RCO becoming part of the consolidated Group during 2020. 
Investment Obligations 
On 10 February 2020, the Secretaria de Comunicaciones y Transportes (the "SCT") proceeded to modify 
the concession title granted to RCO, in order to incorporate the construction, operation, conservation and 
maintenance of the following road sections: (i) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 39.3 kms, 
starting at the junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 360, in the State of Michoacán, and 
ending at the junction with the start of the Bypass Norte de La Piedad, in the State of Guanajuato

--- Page 124 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(Ecuandureo-La Piedad); (ii) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 71.3 kms, starting at the 
junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 168, in the State of Michoacán, and ending in 
Zitácuaro, in the State of Michoacán (Maravatío-Zitácuaro); and (iii) a toll-free bypass with an approximate 
length of 25.0 kms, beginning at the junction with the Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno highway at km 146, in 
the State of Jalisco, and ending at the junction with the Lagos de Moreno-San Luis Potosí highway, in the 
State of Jalisco (Libramiento de Lagos de Moreno) (the Ramales). The total investment as per the SCT 
modification agreement amounts to 7,951 million Mexican pesos. The foregoing is in accordance with the 
outline and project authorised by the SCT as part of the expansion works contemplated by the concession 
title. The construction of such branches constitutes additional projects that were not originally considered in 
the concession title and in order to maintain the economic balance of the concession, the aforementioned 
modification contemplates a term extension of the concession for a period of six years, until 3 April 2048. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Mexico was €32 million. 
Puerto Rico (US) 
In Puerto Rico, the Group controls Metropistas and APR (each as defined below). It has two concessions and 
90 km of roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Increases in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and generally determined by 
reference to the applicable consumer price index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
 
Puerto Rico (US) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
116
 
 
85 
 EBIT 
77
 
47 
 GROSS DEBT 
651
 
590 
 
 NET DEBT 
620
 
563 
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
26
 
21 
 
 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
 EBITDA MARGIN 
71.8
 
70 
 
 EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
3
 
3 
 
APR 
Autopistas de Puerto Rico y Compañía, S.E. ("APR") and the Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation 
Authority (Autoridad de Carreteras y Transportación) ("ACT") entered into a concession arrangement for 
the design, construction, maintenance and operation of the Teodoro Moscoso Bridge in San Juan, Puerto 
Rico, which expires on 22 February 2044. 
Metropistas 
Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico Llc. ("Metropistas") and the ACT entered into a concession 
arrangement for the upgrade, maintenance and operation of the PR-22 toll road (83 kms connecting the

--- Page 125 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
 
 
capital of Puerto Rico, San Juan, with the city of Hatillo) and the PR-5 toll road (4 kms of the PR-5, crossing 
the Bayamon metropolitan area), which was due to expire on 22 September 2051. Subsequently, on 19 April 
2016 Metropistas entered into an agreement with the ACT amending the concession arrangement for the PR-
5 and PR-22 toll roads to extend the term of the concession of these toll roads by ten years. The concession 
expires on 22 September 2061. 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreements.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Puerto Rico was €3 million. 
Argentina 
The Group has a controlling interest in Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista del Sol, S.A. ("Ausol") (49.92 per 
cent. of the votes and 31.59 per cent. of the shares) and Grupo Concesionario del Oeste ("GCO") (49.99 per 
cent. of the votes and 42.87 per cent. of the shares). It has two concessions across 175 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions must be made twice a year and must be determined by 
reference to factors including inflation, currency devaluation and capital expenditure. Tariff increases have 
not been granted since January 2019. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
  
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
Argentina 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
27  
 
14 
EBIT 
25 
12 
GROSS DEBT 
- 
2 
 
NET DEBT 
-20 
-11 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
-67 
-45 
 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
20.5 
17 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
1 
1 
 
Ausol 
Ausol and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement on 19 July 1994, for the 
upgrade, expansion, remodelling, upkeep, maintenance, operation and management of the northern access 
to the city of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2020. Subsequently, on 3 July 2018, Ausol and 
the National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
 
 
into an agreement that amended the concession arrangement for the Autopista del Acceso Norte de Buenos 
Aires toll road to extend its term by ten years, that would end on 31 December 2030. 
Grupo Concesionario del Oeste (GCO) 
GCO and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of Autopista del Oeste of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2018. 
Subsequently, on 3 July 2018 GCO and the National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección 
Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered into an agreement that amended the concession arrangement for 
the Autopista del Oeste de Buenos Aires toll road to extend its term by twelve years, that would end on 31 
December 2030. 
Investment Obligations 
On 24 July 2018, the agreements entered into by the Argentine consolidated companies Ausol and GCO with 
the Argentine government were formalised. These agreements involve, among other aspects, the recognition 
of the outstanding measures to restore the economic and financial balance of the aforementioned companies 
(caused mainly by tariff deficits), for a total compensation of USD 746 million (USD 499 million for Ausol 
and USD 247 million for GCO (which translate into an aggregate amount of approximately €613 million 
using the exchange rate as at 31 December 2020)), an additional investment plan to improve the existing 
network for a joint amount of USD 680 million (USD 430 million for Ausol and USD 250 million for GCO), 
(which translate into an aggregate amount of approximately €558 million using the exchange rate as at 31 
December 2020), a new tariff review scheme and the termination of proceedings between the parties. 
In addition, this agreement entails, among other risks, the assumption of the demand risk by the grantor, the 
extension of the concession arrangement until the end of 2030 and the remuneration of the compensation 
balance associated with the measures to restore the economic and financial balance at an explicit interest rate 
on the compensation balance and, lastly, the payment by the granting entity of the amount of the 
compensation balance not recovered during the extension period. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Argentina was €4 million. 
United States 
In the United States, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Abertis USA Holdco LLC, has a 
55.2 per cent. indirect stake in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, LLC, which wholly owns Elizabeth River 
Crossings Opco, LLC ("ERC"), which in turn operates the tolled Elizabeth River Tunnels Project (the "ERT 
Project") in the Hampton Roads region, Virginia, United States (see "Recent Developments - Acquisition of 
ERC" section below). 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
 
United States(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
 
-6  
EBIT 
 
-6 
GROSS DEBT 
 
910 
 
NET DEBT 
 
825

--- Page 127 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
0 
 
 
 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
 
N/A 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
0 
Notes: 
(1) 
EBIT and EBITDA mainly relate to transaction costs (acquisition of ERC) 
(2) 
Comparative figures as at 31 December 2019 and for the year then ended have not been 
included due to ERC becoming part of the consolidated Group at the end of 2020. 
 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, there was no capex of the Group in relation to the United States. 
 Other international operations 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group's international concession operations 
(covering India, the UK and Abertis Mobility Services) as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 for 
the year then ended in each case. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
International 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
41
 
31 
EBIT 
14
0 
GROSS DEBT 
63
47 
 
NET DEBT 
-27
-25 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
25
24 
 
FY2019 
(%) 
FY2020 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
32.3
27 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
1
1 
India 
The Group controls Trichy Tollway Private Limited ("TTPL") and Jadcherla Expressways Private Limited 
("JEPL") (each as defined below) in India, having bought these two concession operators in March 2017. 
This represents a total of two concessions covering 152 kms of toll roads.

--- Page 128 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the whole sale price index as released by the Indian Office of the Economic Advisor, 
Ministry of Commerce and Industry. 
TTPL 
TTPL and the National Highways Authority of India entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of the 94-km NH-45 toll road and its corresponding access roads for a term of 20 
years, which ends on 25 December 2026 (granted on 30 June 2006). 
JEPL 
JEPL and the National Highways Authority of India entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of the 58-km NH-7 toll road and its corresponding access roads for a term of 20 
years, which ends on 18 August 2026 (granted on 20 February 2006). 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreements.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to International was €3 million. 
Abertis Mobility Services 
Abertis Mobility Services is the Group's wholly-owned electronic solutions subsidiary which in turn wholly 
owns Emovis, operating the Group's electronic tolling and free flow business, and Eurotoll, a payment 
systems operator. Clients of Abertis Mobility Services include governments and road operators through 
Emovis, vehicle fleet companies through Eurotoll and citizens as direct clients of investee subsidiaries such 
as Bip & Go and Bip & Drive, operating in the toll payment devices industry. 
Emovis is the leading service delivery and technology arm of the Group in the global markets for all 
electronic tolling and smart mobility solutions. Emovis operates in Canada, the US, Puerto Rico, the UK, 
Ireland, Spain, France, Croatia and Qatar, offering free-flow mobility solution advisory, design, 
implementation, operation and maintenance services. The division operates some of the largest electronic 
toll infrastructure in the world such as the Dartford Crossing in the UK with an ADT of 109,052 vehicles, as 
at 31 December 2020,and the M-50 in Ireland with an ADT of 108,139 vehicles, as at 31 December 2020 
(respectively 157,023 and 150,650 as at 31 December 2019). 
Eurotoll is a leading company providing business to business electronic tolling solutions. As at 31 December 
2020, Eurotoll had 100 partners (toll chargers, sales, technical) in Europe, a 92,000 km network and had 
provided 150,000 electronic toll payment devices (tag or payment card). Acquired in 2017, this acquisition 
seeks to boost the development of a business of electronic toll payment management for heavy vehicles, 
which is complementary to toll concessions. 
Holding company 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group's holding company, Abertis 
Infraestructuras, S.A., as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 129 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Country 
 KPI 
 
 
FY2019 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2020 
(€Mn) 
Holding (*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
-4
-20 
EBIT 
-9
-25 
GROSS DEBT 
14,918
14,652 
 
NET DEBT 
13,205
13,672 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
-103
-247 
Notes: 
 
 
(*) 
Includes the contribution of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the capex of the Group in relation to Holding was €3 million (which 
does not include the €1,521 equity investment in RCO (as defined below)).  
Recent Developments 
The COVID-19 pandemic 
In the first two months of 2020, there was a 2.7% increase in ADT across the Group compared to the 
equivalent period in 2019 but, since its outset in the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has 
caused an adverse impact on demand for the Group's toll road services and a notable decrease in traffic levels 
in the countries in which the Group operates (see "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Group's business and 
the markets in which it operates—The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic"). The greatest impact of the COVID-19 pandemic occurred during the weeks that regions were 
subject to strict social confinement measures and traffic levels have shown a trend of recovery since May 
2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Company maintained a strong liquidity position consisting of €4.2 billion in 
available cash and committed and undrawn credit lines (with €3.1 billion being available cash).  
HIT has strengthened its financial position with a new committed and undrawn credit line for a principal 
amount of €600,000,000. 
In addition, and in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has taken the following mitigation 
actions in relation to the Company's capex and Opex for 2020: 
• 
in relation to the Company's capex, a decrease of €299 million (33.6 per cent. decrease) compared 
to the capex initially approved by the Company for the year 2020; and 
• 
in relation to the Company's Opex, a decrease of €143 million (8.7 per cent. decrease) compared 
to the Opex initially approved by the Company for the year 2020. 
New hybrid bond issuance 
On 24 November 2020, 26 January 2021 and 27 January 2021, Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. issued a 
total of €2 billion non-call deeply subordinated guaranteed fixed rate securities, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed on a subordinated basis by the Company. 
Acquisition of ERC 
The Group's strategy aims to expand in the core markets of Europe, North America and Latin America, as well 
as seeking opportunities in other geographies with a solid concession framework. The Group is as a result 
continuously seeking to identify suitable opportunities and may engage in acquisitions, investments and

--- Page 130 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
 
 
disposals of interests from time to time (see "Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which 
it operates—The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time"). 
On 6 November 2020, Virginia Tollroad TransportCo LLC (the "Virginia LLC" and the "Purchaser"), a 
special purpose vehicle incorporated under the laws of Delaware by the Company (through its wholly-owned 
subsidiary, Abertis USA HoldCo LLC) and Manulife Investment Management, on behalf of John Hancock 
Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (collectively, "Manulife") (through its wholly-owned subsidiary, JH 
Virginia AggregatorCo, LLC), signed a transaction agreement with Skanska ID ERC Holdings, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company ("Skanska") and Macquarie Midtown Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company ("Macquarie Midtown" and together with Skanska, the "Sellers"), to acquire for a total 
equity amount of approximately €1 billion the Sellers' 100 per cent. stake in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, 
LLC, which wholly owns Elizabeth River Crossings Opco, LLC ("ERC"), which in turn operates the tolled 
Elizabeth River Tunnels Project (the "ERT Project") in the Hampton Roads region, Virginia, United States 
(the "Transaction Agreement"). The transaction was consummated on 30 December 2020, once all the 
relevant regulatory approvals were obtained and other customary conditions precedent were satisfied. As a 
result, the Company currently owns indirectly 55.2 per cent. of the Purchaser, through its wholly owned 
subsidiary Abertis USA Holdco LLC. 
ERC was formed to build, finance, operate, and maintain the ERT Project as part of the comprehensive 
agreement between ERC and the Virginia Department of Transportation ("VDOT") acting as an agent of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia dated 5 December 2011 (as subsequently amended). As part of the VDOT 
comprehensive agreement, in exchange for certain construction and rehabilitation services along with 
providing operations and maintenance services to the ERT Project, ERC was awarded a 58-year concession 
(expiring in April 2070) that allows ERC to collect tolls from those users traveling through the tunnels. 
The ERT Project consists of four electronic toll collection tunnels grouped into two sets of two-lane tubes (the 
Downtown Tunnel and the Midtown Tunnel), as well as of the Martin Luther King Freeway Extension. The 
ERT Project is located in the Hampton Roads region, one of the most highly travelled roads in the Virginia 
Beach-Norfolk-Newport News metropolitan area.  
The infrastructure provides a connection across the Elizabeth River and is an important link in the regional 
surface transportation network connecting Portsmouth and Norfolk.  
Through the acquisition of ERC in 2020, the ERT Project will provide the Group with access to employment, 
commercial, military and waterside areas in Norfolk and the rest of the Hampton Roads area, which is home 
to the deepest commercial port on the East Coast. Port activity and the presence of the US Navy in the region 
serve as a regular source of traffic for the tunnels. In 2019, the ERT Project registered more than 100,000 
vehicles per day and showed strong resilience in 2020 despite the COVID-19 pandemic, with traffic returning 
to almost pre-pandemic levels in the last months of 2020 (Source: Electronic Municipal Market Access 
(EMMA), https://emma.msrb.org/IssueView/Details/EP351666). 
The Company financed the acquisition of ERC with available cash which was substantially financed with new 
indebtedness from bank facilities. 
The Management Committee 
The management committee, which carries out the day to day operations of the Company, at the date of this 
Base Prospectus comprises: Mr. José Aljaro Navarro (CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee), 
Mr. André Rogowski (CFO), Mr. Josep Maria Coronas Guinart (General Secretary), Mr. Antoni Enrich Grau 
(Director of People), Mr. Martí Carbonell Mascaró (Chief Planning and Control Officer), Mr. Jordi Fernández 
Montolí (Chief Technical Officer), Mr. Georgina Flamme Piera (Director of Corporate Reputation and 
Communication), Ms. Anna Bonet Olivart (General Manager Autopistas, Spain), Mr. Arnaud Quemard

--- Page 131 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(General Manager, Sanef, France), Mr. André Dorf (General Manager, Arteris, Brazil), Mr. Andrés Barberis 
Martin (General Manager, VíasChile, Chile), Mr Francesc Sánchez Farré (General Manager, GCO and Ausol, 
Argentina), Mr. Esteban Pérez (Deputy General Manager, GCO and Ausol, Argentina), Mr. Gonzalo Alcalde 
Rodríguez (General Manager, A4 Holding, Italy), Mr. Julián Fernández Rodes (General Manager, Metropistas, 
Puerto Rico), Mr. Christian Barrientos Rivas (General Manager, Abertis Mobility Services) and Mr. Josep 
Quiles Pérez (General Manager, India), Demetrio Javier Sodi Cortés (General Manager, RCO, México) and 
David Sullivan (General Manager, ERC, USA). 
The business address of each of the members of the management committee at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is Paseo de la Castellana 39, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company believes there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties owed by the management committee to the Company and their respective private interests and/or 
other duties. The members of the management committee have no principal activities performed by them 
outside the Group where these are significant with respect to the Group. 
Health and Safety 
In March 2020 and in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company created and led among the business 
units of the Group the Abertis COVID-19 Management Community (the "Community"). 
The Community was created with the aim of exchanging good practices followed by the different 
operations within the Group that have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The Community places special focus on reducing risk for employees, users of the Groups' highways and 
the Group’s subcontractors, since this is a health and people oriented crisis. 
Through this channel, all of the Group’s business units exchange information on occupational aspects, 
protective equipment for workers, risk control methodologies, medical tests and all matters related to 
Health and Safety. 
The exchange of experiences makes it possible to accelerate the implementation of good practices within 
the different business structures and operations, as well as to make joint purchases of medical supplies 
based on different requirements and locations. 
Insurance Policy 
The Company maintains an adequate insurance policy that guarantees the coverage of the main insurable risks 
associated with its activities in all countries where the Company operates ensuring compliance with applicable 
concessional regulation and the requirements of creditors. 
Litigation and Arbitration 
The Group is involved in various court proceedings in the course of its activity, the most significant being the 
following: 
Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa) 
A claim filed by the Group company Acesa for compensation relating to the guaranteed revenue provided for 
in Royal Decree 457/2006 approving the agreement (the "Acesa Agreement") between the Spanish 
Government and the aforementioned company to amend certain terms of the concession of which that company 
is the operator.

--- Page 132 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
 
 
The Acesa Agreement envisages, inter alia, the building of an additional lane on certain stretches of the AP-7 
toll road, implementing a closed-toll system and granting free transit and discounts in certain cases, as well as 
Acesa's waiver of its right to claim any possible indemnities as a result of the effect that the construction of 
second lanes on the N-II and CN-340 roads might have on traffic. 
The Acesa Agreement establishes that the difference in revenue resulting from the variance between actual 
traffic and the amount of traffic specified in the Royal Decree until the end of the concession will be added to 
or subtracted from the investments made in the compensation account created to restore the economic and 
financial balance that was altered by the obligations assumed by Acesa. The adjusted amount in this 
compensation account will be received by the concession operator at the end of the concession, once the term 
of the concession has expired, if the economic and financial balance has not been restored. 
The grantor thus secured the undertaking of the concession operator to carry out extension work not included 
in the concession arrangement, to waive any indemnity that it might be entitled to receive as a result of parallel 
roads and to give certain rebates and discounts. The grantor is not, however, required to make any payment 
for the projects and waivers, although it is required to assume a risk relating to the possibility that traffic might 
not exceed certain thresholds. 
Based on the Group's interpretation of Royal Decree 457/2006, the balance of compensation owed to Acesa at 
31 December 2020 is €3,825,738. Notwithstanding, there is an undisputed portion related to capex that is 
capitalised by 6.5 per cent. until the expiration of the Acesa concession in 2021, which will be charged in 2022 
and which at 31 December 2020 was €1,009,956. The impacts do not consider the purchase price allocation 
(PPA). 
On 29 June 2015, a written request was submitted to the Spanish Cabinet through the Regional Government 
Office for toll road concession operators in Spain asking that it exercise its powers of interpretation regarding 
Acesa's concession arrangement, with respect to the correct understanding of the compensation clause included 
in the Acesa Agreement approved by Royal Decree 457/2006. In connection with this, on 30 September 2015, 
Acesa filed an appeal for judicial review at the Supreme Court against the dismissal of the request submitted 
to the Spanish Cabinet due to administrative silence in relation to the query that had been filed. On 3 July 
2017, the Spanish Cabinet announced that it had adopted a decision against the interpretation of the Acesa 
Agreement by Acesa. In response to this, Acesa requested the Supreme Court to extend the appeal to the 
content of the express decision issued by the Spanish Cabinet, which was accepted by the Supreme Court, 
giving rise to the reopening of the initial submissions proceeding at the Court. The date for the vote and ruling 
on this appeal was set for 6 February 2019 and on 6 June 2019 such ruling was communicated to the Company. 
The ruling considers that, until the concession expires and the definitive settlement of the compensation 
balance is carried out in accordance with the Acesa Agreement, the Supreme Court should not rule on the 
merits of the interpretation of the agreement. As a result, the issue (which is economically materialised in the 
amount of the compensation balance regulated in the Acesa Agreement) is postponed to the end of the 
concession, which is 31 August 2021. The result will not have a negative impact on the Company's financial 
position since there is a full provision of the amount claimed. 
At 31 December 2020, there were no balances receivable recognised in the consolidated financial statement 
in relation to the disputed portion of the balance of compensation owed to Acesa. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa), see Note 13 of the 2019 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Investments in Irasa, Alazor and Ciralsa 
A lawsuit linked to the obligations that are claimed under the financial support agreement entered into by the 
Group's companies Iberpistas and Acesa with the creditor banks of Alazor Inversiones, S.A. (an entity in the

--- Page 133 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
 
 
process of liquidation), for which the Group has considered making provisions amounting to €228 million, 
corresponding to the proportion of the loan's nominal amount with the related interest and court costs. 
On 22 January 2019, a claim was filed by five funds that allege to be the current creditors of part of the bank 
debt of Alazor Inversiones, S.A. for the payment of €223.5 million related to guarantees given under the 
aforementioned financial support agreement. Given the provisions made in previous years, the resolution of 
the liquidation process and the aforementioned claims is not expected to have a material impact on the financial 
position of the Company. Also, on 3 June 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory proceedings was lodged by 
the same agent bank of the syndicate of the current creditor banks of Alazor and Accesos, claiming from 
Alazor's shareholders and its guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the 
aforementioned agreement to provide financial support (€175.6 million relating to the guarantee they attribute 
to the Group companies). Both processes remain unresolved as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Also, in relation to the ownership interest held in Infraestructuras y Radiales, S.A. ("Irasa"), of which 
Iberpistas and Avasa are shareholders, on 2 October 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory proceedings was 
lodged by five funds that claim to be current creditors of a portion of the bank debt of Irasa, claiming from 
Irasa's shareholders and its guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the 
aforementioned agreement to provide financial support (specifically, €141.4 million relating to the guarantee 
they attribute to the Group companies). 
Lastly, as regards these investments, with the provisions recognised in prior years the resolution of the 
aforementioned insolvency proceedings and lawsuits will not have a significant impact on the Company's 
financial position. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Irasa, Alazor and Ciralsa, see Note 10 of the 2019 Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and where the relevant jurisdiction's statute of limitations period has not 
expired, the Group companies all have applicable taxes open for review by the tax authorities. 
In particular: as the tax group parent in Spain, the Company received (i) in December 2020, tax assessments 
for corporate income tax for 2014 to 2016 and VAT for June 2014 to December 2016; and (ii) in October 2017, 
tax assessments for corporate income tax for 2010 to 2013, personal income tax withholdings for 2012 and 
2013 and VAT for July 2011 to December 2013. These tax assessments were appealed, although they have not 
had a significant impact on equity. As at the date of this Base Prospectus no judicial decision thereon has been 
handed down.  
Employees 
The average number of employees of the Group from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 was 13,142. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
The key performance indicators used by the Company in this Base Prospectus constitute Alternative 
Performance Measures ("APMs") as defined in the ESMA Guidelines. The Company considers that these 
metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to 
better understand the underlying business, the financial position and the results of operations of the Group. 
Such APMs are not audited and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance with, the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS-EU"). Accordingly, 
they should not be considered substitutes to the information contained in the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 nor to 
any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on these APMs.

--- Page 134 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Company, may not be comparable to other similar titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternative to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
The Company considers that the APMs contained in this Base Prospectus comply with the ESMA Guidelines. 
The definitions and reconciliations of the APMs used as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for years then 
ended are as follows (all figures in thousands of euros): 
(i) 
Revenues 
Corresponds to the "Operating income" line item of the consolidated profit and loss statement of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
2020 
2019 
Revenues – Operating Income 
4,053,648
5,361,265 
 
(ii) 
Opex or Operating expenses 
Corresponds to the "Operating expenses" line item of the consolidated profit and loss statement of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
2020 
2019 
Opex – Operating expenses 
(4,119,314)
(4,336,054) 
 
(iii) EBIT – Profit from operations 
Corresponds to the "Profit from operations" line item of the consolidated profit and loss statement of 
the consolidated financial statements. 
2020 
2019 
EBIT – Profit from operations 
(43,460)
1,051,838 
 
(iv) EBITDA 
EBITDA or Gross Operating Profit is defined as EBIT adjusted by the following line items of the 
consolidated financial statements: "Depreciation and amortisation charge", "Changes in impairment 
losses on assets" and "Capitalised borrowing costs". 
The Group considers EBITDA as an operational indicator that measures the cash generation capacity 
of its assets, while it is an indicator widely used by analysts, investors, credit rating agencies and other 
stakeholders. 
2020 
2019 
EBIT – Profit from operations 
(43,460)
1,051,838

--- Page 135 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
2,426,384
2,704,720 
+/- Changes in impairment losses on assets 
261,552
299 
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
(16,186)
(20,336) 
EBITDA 
2,628,290
3,736,521 
 
(v) 
EBITDA margin 
EBITDA margin is a relative indicator used by the Group to analyse the operating performance of its 
assets, representing the relative weight of EBITDA on revenues. 
2020 
2019 
EBITDA – Gross operating profit 
2,628,290
3,736,521 
Revenue (Operating income) 
4,053,648
5,361,265 
EBITDA margin 
64.84%
69.69% 
 
(vi) EBITDA contribution 
"EBITDA Contribution" is the percentage reflecting the proportion of the EBITDA contributed by 
each business against that of the whole Group. 
2020 
2019 
France 
37%
34% 
Spain 
27%  
34% 
Brazil 
9%
9% 
Mexico 
7%
- 
Chile 
11%
12% 
Italy 
6%
6% 
Puerto Rico (US) 
3%
3% 
Argentina 
0%
1% 
International operations 
0%
1% 
Holding 
0%
0% 
 
(vii) Gross debt 
"Gross debt" is defined as the non-current and current "Bank loans" and "Bond issues and other loans" 
line items as shown in Note 16 to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 136 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Bank loans 
9,123,497
7,965,382 
Bond issues and other loans 
19,186,802
17,642,791 
Gross debt 
28,310,299
25,608,173 
 
(viii) Net debt 
"Net debt" is defined as "Gross Debt" less the "Cash and cash equivalents" line item in the consolidated 
financial statements. 
2020 
2019 
Gross Debt 
28,310,299
25,608,173 
Cash and cash equivalents 
(3,102,175)
(2,644,889) 
Net debt 
25,208,124
22,963,284 
The Group uses the "Net debt" as a measure of its solvency and liquidity as it indicates the current cash 
and equivalents in relation to its total debt liabilities. "Net debt" and "EBITDA" derived measures are 
frequently used by analysts, investors and rating agencies as an indication of financial leverage. 
(ix) Net Financial Debt 
"Net Financial Debt" is defined as "Financial liabilities" (current and non-current) less "Other 
financial assets" (current and non-current) and "Cash and cash equivalents" line items of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
Net Financial Debt is an indicator of the portion of the investments financed by net financial liabilities.  
The reconciliation of this APM with the Group's consolidated financial statements is as follows: 
2020 
2019 
Non-current financial liabilities 
26,996,159
24,637,247
Current financial liabilities 
2,687,444
2,361,529
Other non-current financial assets 
(2,318,051)
(2,445,327)
Other current financial assets 
(284,145)
(335,358)
Cash and cash equivalents 
(3,102,175)
(2,644,889)
Net financial debt – continuous operations 
23,979,323
21,573,202
Non-current financial liabilities 
0
0
Current financial liabilities 
0
0
Other non-current financial assets 
0
0
Other current financial assets 
(7,886)
0
Cash and cash equivalents 
0
0
Net Financial debt – discontinued operations 
(7,886)
0
Net financial debt 
23,971,346
21,573,202
 
(x) 
Capex

--- Page 137 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Relates to the "Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and other concession 
infrastructure" line item in the consolidated financial statments of net cash flows from investing 
activities of the consolidated financial statemants. 
 
The Company considers this an important indicator because it represents the ability of the Company to 
expand its portfolio through the discretionary use of cash in investments for the improvements of the 
highway network for agreed returns in the case of the road assets and measuring how effectively the 
Company is redeploying resources to build a perpetual business model as it contributes for EBITDA 
replacement and the increase of the duration its portfolio. 
(xi) Discretionary cash flow  
"Discretionary cash flow" is defined as EBITDA plus/minus finance income and costs, minus income 
tax expense and plus/minus cash adjustments to: (i) finance income and expenses, (ii) income tax, (iii) 
IFRIC12 and other provisions, (iv) concession arrangements - financial asset model, and (v) dividends 
received from financial investments, associates and joint ventures. 
The Group believes that the Discretionary cash flow is one of the most important indicators of its 
capacity to generate an available stream of resources from the operations, net from the mandatory uses 
of cash for taxes and interest expenses, to be used mainly and according to the Group strategy to repay 
debt, distribute dividends and expand its portfolio. 
The reconciliation of this APM with the Group's consolidated financial statements is as follows: 
 
 
Note 
 
2020 
 
2019 
EBITDA ....................................................................  
2,628,290 
3,736,521 
Finance income .........................................................  
725,707 
513,164 
Finance costs .............................................................  
(1,473,316) 
(1,129,064) 
Income tax ................................................................  
219,808 
(109,335) 
Adjustments: .............................................................  
 
 
(i) Finance income and expenses  .............................  
 
 
Exchange gains .........................................................  
[22-e] 
(183,146) 
(239,741) 
Exchange losses ........................................................  
[22-e] 
180,208 
131,310 
Impairment (expected credit losses) .........................  
[22-e] 
139,218 
137,198 
Provisions for loans and guarantees granted to 
associated and other financial assets .........................  
[22-e] 
- 
1,263 
(ii) Income tax ...........................................................  
 
 
 
Deferred tax assets-amount charged/(credited) to 
profit or loss ..............................................................  
[19-c] 
69,364 
146,921 
Deferred tax liabilities-amount charged/(credited) 
to profit or loss ..........................................................  
[19-c] 
(534,303) 
(502,184) 
2020 
2019 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets 
and other concession infrastructure 
477,045
 
641,404

--- Page 138 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Deferred tax ..............................................................  
 
(464,939) 
(355,263) 
(iii) IFRIC 12 and other provisions ...........................  
 
 
 
Period provisions (reversals) ....................................  
[20-ii] 
168,451 
172,656 
Interest cost ...............................................................  
[20-ii] 
19,660 
30,710 
Amounts used in the year ..........................................  
[20-ii] 
(213,853) 
(250,143) 
Provisions required under IFRIC 12 (non-current 
and current) ...............................................................  
 
(25,742) 
(46,777) 
Period provisions (reversals) ....................................  
[20-ii] 
4,566 
6,519 
Interest cost ...............................................................  
[20-ii] 
6,523 
3,871 
Amounts used in the year ..........................................  
[20-ii] 
(29,859) 
(67,237) 
Other provisions (non-current and current) ..............  
 
(18,770) 
(56,847) 
(iv) Concession arrangements – financial asset 
model ........................................................................  
 
 
 
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss due to economic compensation ..........................  
[13-i] 
(51,475) 
(37,515) 
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss due to financial compensation (with Section B 
of Schedule 3 of Royal Decree 457/2006) ................  
[13-i] 
(212,346) 
(200,626) 
Amounts used in the year ..........................................  
[13-i] 
325,739 
104,470 
Concession arrangements – financial asset model ....  
(61,918) 
(133,671) 
(v) Dividends received from financial investments, 
associates and joint ventures .....................................  
2,202 
15,023 
Discretionary cash flow ..........................................  
1,791,438 
2,463,781

--- Page 139 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be 
a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date. 
THE KINGDOM OF SPAIN 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the ownership 
and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does not consider 
every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who 
is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country 
and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to 
Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed 
to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with 
respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners 
of the Notes, where applicable. Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide 
them with personalised advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the 
legislative changes which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at 
the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July 
establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other debt 
instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident in the European Union and other 
tax rules as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July; 
(ii) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income 
Tax") tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial 
amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax 
Law (the "Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, of 
10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax and Law 29/1987, of 18 
December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax 
and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the 
"Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(iv) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-
resident income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, 
of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law ("Non-
Resident Income Tax Law") and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-
Resident Income Tax Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax.

--- Page 140 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a 
"Beneficial Owner"), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes 
in Spain, for example exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 
1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 1992 
regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Personal Income Tax on a worldwide basis. 
Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are 
considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantee 
payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and therefore must 
be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, 
currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income 
between €6,000.01 to €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,001 and €200,000 and 26 
per cent for income in excess of €200,000.  
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per 
cent. However, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, in the case of listed 
debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such 
as the Notes issued by the Issuer), the Issuer will make interest payments to individual holders who are 
resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that the relevant information about the 
Notes (as described below in "—Reporting Obligations") is submitted by the relevant Paying Agent; and 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the holders who are individuals resident 
in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals.  
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under "Reporting 
obligations", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate 
of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information 
has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by other entities 
(such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are resident for tax 
purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory if the Notes do not comply with 
the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes 
(Dirección General de Tributos) (the "DGT") dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside 
of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an 
OECD country other than Spain). 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous 
region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which

--- Page 141 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
 
 
they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per 
cent., although the final effective tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws and 
any reductions that may apply. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous net wealth or 
family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final effective tax rate that range, as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes constitute a return 
on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital and would have 
to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate 
Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax and subject to the general 
rate of 25 per cent.  
Notwithstanding the above, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, in 
the case of listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing 
and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD 
member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), there is no obligation to withhold on income 
payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which, for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment 
funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest 
payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant information about the Notes (as described 
below in "Reporting obligations") is submitted by the relevant Paying Agent. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under "Reporting 
obligations", the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate 
of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information 
has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
In addition, pursuant to Section 61.s of the Corporate Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to make a 
withholding on income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial 
assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish 
entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest 
and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish 
DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and 
admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). The 
amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final CIT liability. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value of the Notes 
in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes.

--- Page 142 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Non Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(i) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving 
from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(ii) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained 
by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-
Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid down for income from public debt. 
The Issuer has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes to holders 
who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain provided that 
the information procedures are complied with in the manner detailed under "Reporting 
obligations" as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011). If these information procedures are not complied with within the manner indicated 
the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 
per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information 
has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. However, individuals resident in a country with which Spain 
has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such 
tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that 
can be exercised within the Spanish territory (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer) exceed €700,000 
would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., 
although certain reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the Notes 
whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined above do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are resident in 
an EU or European Economic Area Member State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous 
region where their most valuable assets and rights are situated. As such, prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance 
and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma).

--- Page 143 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law. However, pursuant to recent rulings issued 
by the EU Courts and the Spanish Supreme Court, individuals who are non-resident in Spain for tax 
purposes may be able to apply the rules corresponding to the relevant Spanish autonomous regions. As 
such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income 
Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the 
provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of 
income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e., 
individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to 
certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March each year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2022 and 31 March 
2022 the Notes held on 31 December 2021). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together 
with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to 
be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be 
required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by 
more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment 
of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in 
previous declarations. 
6. 
Reporting obligations 
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities 
in which it reports on certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, and provided that the Notes issued by the Issuer are initially registered for clearance 
and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for the purpose of preparing the annual return 
referred to above, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted by the Paying Agent 
to the Issuer at the time of each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(i) 
identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(ii) 
date on which relevant payment is made; 
(iii) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(iv) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate 
the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement.  
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Notes. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is

--- Page 144 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
 
 
not received by the Issuer, the Issuer may be required to withhold at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. 
from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been 
provided. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the Agency 
Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures described in 
this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency Agreement. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State").  However, Estonia has ceased 
to participate.   
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate.  
In the case of Spain, the Spanish Parliament has approved Law 5/2020 of 15 October, on the FTT (Ley del 
Impuesto sobre las Transacciones Financieras) which entered into force on 16 January 2021. The FTT applies 
on the acquisition of shares (including transfer or conversion) of Spanish companies with a market capitalisation 
of more than €1 billion, at a tax rate of 0.2%. In principle, the FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds 
or debt or similar instruments.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA

--- Page 145 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
 
 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 146 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities 
Europe GmbH, Natixis, Société Générale, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 15 March 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and 
made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the 
name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint 
and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any 
of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or 
other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 147 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
 
 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes do not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors   
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify

--- Page 148 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
 
 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 149 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan.   
Kingdom of Spain 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional 
del Mercado de Valores) and therefore this Base Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in 
Spain except (i) in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain and (ii) by 
institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain under legislative Royal Decree 4/2015, of 23 
October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
del Mercado de Valores) and Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, 
sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión). 
Belgium 
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope of the 
Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for 
approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a public offering of these Notes in 
Belgium in accordance with the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, as amended or replaced from time 
to time. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Consumers, and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, such Notes to Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to such Notes to Consumers. 
For these purposes, a " Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit 
économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside 
his/her trade, business or profession. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, save as set 
out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the 
public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, 
tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 150 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute 
copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1)       to "qualified investors"(investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable 
provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 ("Decree No. 58") and Italian CONSOB 
regulations, all as amended from time to time; or 
(2)       in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions applies, 
as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999 ("Regulation No. 11971"), as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a)        made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;  
(b)       in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c)        in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the Prospectus 
Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified 
investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such 
placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus 
Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 151 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only 
to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment and update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer passed on 26 February 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Listing 
2. 
The admission of the Programme to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 15 March 2021. 
3. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on a stock exchange different from Euronext 
Dublin as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
4. 
Except as described in "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
5. 
Save as disclosed in "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which it 
operates—The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic", since 31 
December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
6. 
Save as disclosed in "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which it 
operates—The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic", since 31 
December 2020, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Group. 
Auditors 
7. 
The current auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Auditores S.L. (with its registered address at Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259, 28046 Madrid, registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid, under volume 11,961, 
page 84, sheet M 188007, holder of tax identification number (NIF) B-78510153 and registered with the 
Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number S0702). 
8. 
The auditors of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were Deloitte, 
S.L. (with its registered address at Torre Picasso - Plaza Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1, 28020 Madrid, Spain, 
registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid, under volume 13,650, section 8, page 188, sheet M 
54414 as the 96th entry, holder of tax identification number (NIF) B-79104469 and registered with the 
Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number S0692 and unqualified opinions were 
reported thereon), who audited the Issuer's consolidated annual accounts for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 (approved by the board of directors of the Issuer on 4 March 2020 and by the Issuer's

--- Page 153 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 21 April 2020) and 31 December 2020 (approved by the 
board of directors of the Issuer on 9 March 2021 but remain subject to the approval of the Issuer's Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 20 April 2021). 
Documents on Display 
9. 
Physical copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof where applicable) 
may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent and at the website of 
the Issuer at www.abertis.com for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer (as the same may be amended from time to time); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will also be available on the website of the Issuer at www.abertis.com and the website of Euronext 
Dublin at www.ise.ie. 
Material Contracts 
10. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Clearing of the Notes 
11. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with 
any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the 
first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332.

--- Page 154 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its twelve-month validity period.  
Conflicts of Interest 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and commercial 
banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which 
they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into 
swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, commercial banking, financial or 
other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates.

--- Page 155 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 39, 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA, Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28, 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Caixabank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
  
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom

--- Page 156 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law: 
 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid  
Spain 
To the Dealers 
 as to English and Spanish law: 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
For 2020 and 2019: 
Deloitte, S.L. 
Torre Picasso - Plaza Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1 28020 
Madrid 
Spain 
For 2021: 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
IFSC, 25-28 North Wall Quay,  
Dublin 1, D01 H104 
Ireland