--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
66-41088013 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINAL VERSION 
 
ABERTIS INFRAESTRUCTURAS, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
ABERTIS INFRAESTRUCTURAS FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands) 
€12,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of Ireland"), which is the Irish competent authority for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes (each as defined in this Base Prospectus and together, the "Notes") issued under the 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such approval relates 
only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"). Application has been made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for such Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve 
months from the date of approval. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes issued by the relevant Issuer will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of 
their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the 
light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers 
to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, 
financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and 
are not relying on the advice of either Issuer or any Dealer in that regard. For example, investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of Fixed Rate Notes. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth herein under "Risk 
Factors" prior to making investment decisions with respect to the Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
66-41088013 
 
not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. MORGAN 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING (SCIB) 
 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
CAIXABANK 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
HSBC  
 
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO 
 
J.P. MORGAN 
 
MEDIOBANCA 
MIZUHO  
 
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
UNICREDIT 
 
 
1 April 2025

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
66-41088013 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. (the "Dutch Issuer") and Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the 
"Spanish Issuer" and the "Guarantor", as applicable) (each an “Issuer”, and together the “Issuers”) (the Spanish 
Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, for which a prospectus is required in connection with the issue of such 
Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes", as applicable (the "Conditions") and as completed by a document specific 
to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus"). Each Tranche of Notes, for which no 
prospectus is required in connection with the issue of such Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
or with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), will be issued 
on the terms set out in the Conditions, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a document specific to such 
Tranche called a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). Any reference to the Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) unless the context 
requires otherwise. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable), each reference in this Base Prospectus to (i) information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and (ii) terms as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such terms being 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
Each Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by either Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by either Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of either Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
66-41088013 
 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see "Information Incorporated by Reference"). 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale".  
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuers. 
With respect to Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes", none of the Dealers will verify or monitor if 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy the investors' requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition, the EVCP Condition, the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and the EVCP Increase Threshold (each as defined in the Conditions) with the investment 
requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €12,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
66-41088013 
 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). If 
applicable, the relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to 
"relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
66-41088013 
 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "Sterling" or "£" are to the currency of the UK. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued, endorsed or certified by a credit rating agency 
(i) established in the EEA and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and/or issued, endorsed or certified by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered or certified under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation  
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Second-Party Opinions and External Verification 
In connection with the issue of Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes" under the Programme, the 
Spanish Issuer has requested a specialised agency to issue a second-party opinion (a "Second-Party Opinion") 
confirming the adherence of the Spanish Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA"). 
See "Sustainability-Linked Notes – Selection of KPIs and SPTs". In addition, in connection with the issue of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Spanish Issuer will engage an Assurance Provider (as 
defined in the Conditions) to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an 
Assurance Report in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes, pursuant to Condition 10 (Step Up Event) and 
Condition 12 (Redemption Premium Event) of the Senior Notes. Each such Second-Party Opinion or Assurance 
Report will be accessible through the Spanish Issuer's website. However, any information on, or accessible 
through, the Spanish Issuer's website and the information in such opinions or report or any past or future Assurance 
Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment 
decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the Programme. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any such opinion, reviews, certification 
or post-issuance report and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, review, 
assurance, certification or post-issuance report for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Spanish Issuer, the Dealers or any of their 
affiliates, second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, review, report, assurance or certification of any third party (including any 
post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes issued under the Programme. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, 
reviews, certifications and post-issuance reports are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. The EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of external reviewers of European 
Green Bonds but this is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026. Any such opinion, report, assurance, 
certification or post-issuance report and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
66-41088013 
 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuers are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause the Issuers' actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from 
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Issuers' present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
the Issuers expect to operate in the future.  
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuers speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuers do not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ........................................................................................................................ iii 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................... 39 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ......................... 42 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .................................................................... 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ................................................... 100 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES ....................... 132 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ...................................................................... 166 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE SENIOR NOTES .................................................... 182 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ...................................................... 198 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ..................................... 209 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES .......................... 221 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES ......... 233 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......... 245 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 247 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES                                                                                                     
SELECTION OF KPIs AND SPTs ............................................................................................ 248 
INFORMATION ON THE SPANISH ISSUER ................................................................................... 251 
INFORMATION ON THE DUTCH ISSUER ...................................................................................... 254 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP .................................................................................................... 255 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................... 291 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 301 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 307

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including the documents incorporated by reference, by any investor. 
Unless otherwise defined in this overview, words and expressions defined under the headings "Form of the 
Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" or 
“Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. An Issuer may agree with any Dealers that Notes may be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes" or “Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes" herein, in which event, in the case 
of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of Exempt Notes only 
and if appropriate, a supplementary prospectus or drawdown prospectus will be published which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such change, or such additional terms will be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer of Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes: 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., incorporated as a limited liability 
company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain (in such 
capacity, the "Spanish Issuer"). 
Issuer 
of 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes: 
Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V., incorporated with limited 
liability under the laws of the Netherlands (the "Dutch Issuer"). 
Guarantor 
of 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes: 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") 
Risk Factors: 
The principal risk factors that may affect the relevant Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
Arrangers:  
BNP PARIBAS and J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental 
Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan S.E., Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, Société Générale 
and UniCredit Bank GmbH. 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to admit the Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) to be issued under the Programme to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will 
state where the relevant Notes will be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) aggregate principal 
amount outstanding at any time. The Issuers may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
shall all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the 
issue price and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will also be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form.  
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(i) 
Individual Note Certificates; or 
(ii) 
one or more Global Registered Notes. 
The Global Registered Note may be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in which case it 
shall be and registered in the name of a nominee of one of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Status 
of 
the 
Senior 
Notes 
(Spanish Issuer only): 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Spanish Issuer and in the event of 
insolvency (concurso) of the Spanish Issuer (unless they qualify as 
subordinated debts under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the "Spanish 
Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in 
the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all 
other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Spanish Issuer, present and future. 
Status and Subordination of the 
Subordinated 
Notes 
(Spanish 
Issuer only):  
The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Spanish Issuer (senior 
only to Junior Obligations) and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. 
Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, in the 
event of the Spanish Issuer being declared in insolvency (concurso) 
under Spanish insolvency law, the rights and claims of Noteholders 
against the Spanish Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims 
of the Holders of all Senior Obligations, (ii) pari passu with the 
claims of the Holders of all Parity Obligations and (iii) senior to the 
claims of the Holders of all Junior Obligations. 
Unless otherwise specified, capitalised terms used in this section 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes". 
Status and Subordination of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
(Dutch Issuer only): 
The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the Coupons constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Dutch Issuer 
(senior only to Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer) and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
In the event of an Issuer Winding-up in respect of the Dutch Issuer, 
the rights and claims of the Holders against the Dutch Issuer in 
respect of or arising under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and 
the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims of all Holders of Senior 
Obligations of the Dutch Issuer, (ii) pari passu with the claims of 
holders of all Parity Obligations of the Dutch Issuer and (iii) senior 
to the claims of holders of all Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer. 
Condition 4(b) (Subordination of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes) of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is an irrevocable 
stipulation (derdenbeding) for the benefit of the creditors of Senior 
Obligations of the Dutch Issuer and each such creditor may rely on 
and enforce Condition 4(b) of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
under Section 6:253 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Unless otherwise specified, capitalised terms used in this section 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes". 
Status and Subordination of the 
Guarantee in respect of the 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Dutch Issuer

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
(Dutch Issuer only): 
under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and Coupons on a 
subordinated basis.  
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor (senior only to Junior Obligations of the Guarantor) and 
shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, in the 
event of the Guarantor being declared in insolvency (concurso) 
under Spanish insolvency law, the rights and claims of Noteholders 
against the Guarantor in respect of or arising under the Guarantee 
will rank (i) junior to the claims of the Holders of all Senior 
Obligations of the Guarantor, (ii) pari passu with the claims of the 
Holders of all Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and (iii) senior to 
the claims of the Holders of all Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
Unless otherwise specified, capitalised terms used in this section 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes". 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. The price and amount of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with the prevailing market conditions. 
Fixed Rate Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Spanish Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Spanish Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
Subject to Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions - other than 
Floating Rate Notes applying screen Rate Determination and 
referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) of the Senior Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes of such Series; or  
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service.

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Spanish Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Spanish Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Spanish Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
(Senior Notes only): 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Resettable Rate (Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes only): 
Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will bear 
interest on their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date 
to but excluding the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, this fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms by reference to a mid-swap rate or to a reference bond 
yield to maturity, as adjusted, for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional 
Interest 
Deferral 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
only):  
The relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer (in whole 
or in part) any payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, subject to limited exceptions, as 
more particularly described in Condition 6 (Optional Interest 
Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes. Non-payment of interest so deferred shall not constitute a 
default by the Spanish Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or the 
Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor under the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or the Guarantee or for any other purpose. Any amounts so 
deferred, together with further interest accrued thereon (at the 
relevant Prevailing Interest Rate applicable from time to time), shall 
constitute Arrears of Interest. 
Maturities: 
The Senior Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Spanish Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Spanish Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are undated 
securities with no specified maturity date. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Senior Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Where Senior Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Spanish Issuer in the UK 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Senior Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Spanish  Issuer in the UK, such 
Senior Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the FSMA by the Spanish Issuer. 
Optional Redemption and Early 
Redemption of the Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes may be redeemed early at the option of the Spanish 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Spanish Issuer) and Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) of the Senior Notes. 
Except as provided above, Senior Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Spanish Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons, 
following an Event of Default or as a result of it becoming unlawful 
for the Spanish Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its 
obligations under the Senior Notes or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as further described in Condition 11(h) (Residual 
Maturity Call Option) and Condition 11(i) (Clean-up Call Option). 
Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a Change of 
Control Put Event (where the relevant Final Terms so specify) or a 
Material Asset Sale Put Event, to require the Spanish Issuer to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Notes at par plus accrued 
interest, as further described in Conditions 11(f) (Change of Control 
Put Option) and 11(g) (Material Asset Sale Put Option) of the Senior 
Notes. 
Optional 
Redemption 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in 
part), to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
further described in Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Spanish Issuer at par) and Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option 
of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price) of the 
Subordinated Notes and Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of 
the Dutch Issuer at par) and Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price) of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
Except as provided above, Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Spanish 
Issuer or the Dutch Issuer, respectively, only for tax reasons 
following the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms upon the occurrence of 
an Accounting Event as further described in Condition 7(c)

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
(Redemption for accounting reasons), a Capital Event as further 
described in Condition 7(d) (Redemption for rating reasons), a 
Change of Control Event as further described in Condition 7(h) 
(Change of Control Call Option) or in accordance with Condition 
7(i) (Clean-up Call Option) of the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, respectively. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale – Other UK 
regulatory restrictions ", and save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in either a Member State of the EEA or 
in the UK in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus either under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the UK Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in 
another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the relevant 
Issuer or by any entity to whose group the relevant Issuer belongs. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
(Senior Notes only):  
The Spanish Issuer may issue Sustainability-Linked Notes, where the 
interest rate is subject to upward adjustment in the case of Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the amount payable on 
redemption shall include any Redemption Premium Amount(s) in the 
case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, in each 
case, in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the relevant Final Terms. See Condition 10 (Step 
Up Event) and Condition 12 (Redemption Premium Event) of the 
Senior Notes. 
Negative Pledge (Senior Notes 
only): 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) of 
the Senior Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes do not 
benefit from any negative pledge. 
Cross-Default 
(Senior 
Notes 
only): 
There will be a cross-default in respect of the Senior Notes (as set 
out in Condition 17 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes). 
No Events of Default under 
Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes do not 
benefit from any events of default. Holders of Subordinated Notes 
and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes have limited enforcement rights 
if an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-
up, dissolution, or liquidation of the relevant Issuer as described in 
Condition 11 (Enforcement Events and No Events of Default) of the 
Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, subject as

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
provided in Condition 16 (Taxation) of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 10 (Taxation) of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, the relevant Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
withholding been required. 
Information requirements under 
Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Spanish Issuer is required to provide the Spanish tax 
authorities with certain information relating to the Notes in a timely 
manner. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Spanish Issuer with the 
required information described under "Taxation—The Kingdom of 
Spain—Reporting obligation", the Spanish Issuer may be required to 
withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 
per cent.). 
If this were to occur, affected Noteholders will receive a refund of 
the amount withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the 
Fiscal Agent submits the required information to the Spanish Issuer 
no later than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately 
following the relevant payment date. In addition, Noteholders may 
apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which 
they may be entitled. The Spanish Issuer will not pay additional 
amounts in respect of any such withholding tax. 
 
Investors should note that none of the Spanish Issuer, the Arrangers, 
the Dealers or the Clearing Systems accept any responsibility 
relating to the procedures established for the collection of 
information concerning the Notes. 
Substitution: 
Subject to certain conditions, the relevant Issuer, or any previous 
substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company 
that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Spanish Issuer, as further 
described in Condition 19 (Substitution) of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 13 (Substitution) of the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
only):  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the relevant Issuer may, 
if it determines that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, exchange the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, for new subordinated notes and/or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, as provided for in Condition 16(c) (Substitution and 
Variation) of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes. 
Governing Law: 
The Senior Notes, the Subordinated Notes, the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee 
in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Agency 
Agreement and the Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be 
governed by English law, except that (i) Condition 4 (Status) of the 
Senior Notes shall be governed by Spanish law, (ii) Condition 4 
(Status) of the Subordinated Notes shall be governed by Spanish law

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
and (iii) Condition 4(a) (Status of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons) and Condition 4(b) (Subordination of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes) of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes shall be governed by Dutch law and Condition 4(d) (Status of 
the Guarantee) and Condition 4(e) (Subordination of the Guarantee) 
of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall be governed by Spanish 
law.  
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes, individual 
investors' rights against the relevant Issuer will be governed by a 
Deed of Covenant dated on or around 1 April 2025, a copy of which 
will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Ratings: 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3)  provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material (including in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Spain, Belgium, the 
Republic of Italy, Japan, Switzerland and Singapore), see 
"Subscription and Sale " below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the 
relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes including the 
repayment or refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect 
of a particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Only risks which are specific and material to the Issuers and to the Notes are included herein as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation. In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the 
relevant Issuer's business risks, legal and regulatory risks and economic and market risks, as well as risks 
relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes, risks related to interest payments, other risks relating 
to Notes and risks related to the market generally. The Issuers' assessment of the materiality of each risk factor 
is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The 
description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the relevant Issuer or the Group that are not 
currently known to the relevant Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to its 
industry for which reason have not been included herein may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the relevant Issuer 
or the Group. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented 
first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality 
or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk 
factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. Words and expressions defined 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes", "Terms 
and Conditions of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes", as applicable, shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Risks relating to the Group's business and the markets in which it operates 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, net toll revenues comprised 92.0 per cent. of the Group's revenues. If 
the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of vehicle traffic on its toll roads, the Group's toll receipts, 
and profitability will suffer. The toll receipts collected by the Group depend on the level of tariffs and the 
volume of traffic using its toll roads. Such receipts are also directly linked to toll rate increases and customers' 
reactions to higher tolls. Even if the Group increases the volume of traffic on its roads, it must also ensure that 
its road portfolio has the capacity to absorb traffic and avoid congestion or consumers will look for alternative 
routes. 
Traffic volumes and toll receipts depend on a number of factors, including:  
• 
emergency restrictions imposed on mobility, such as those imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or toll roads that are managed by the 
Group's competitors; 
• 
the quality, safety, and state of repair of the Group's toll roads; 
• 
the wider economic climate (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by the 
deterioration of global economic conditions and political stability") and fuel prices; 
• 
environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor vehicle use in order to reduce air 
pollution); and 
• 
the popularity and existence of alternative means of transportation, including air transport and public 
transport such as trains and buses. 
In addition, competition from alternative transport routes could affect the volume of traffic on the toll roads 
operated by the Group. In certain cases, the creation of new roads which create an alternative transport route 
to a toll road may give a member of the Group the right to receive compensation, restoring the economic

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
balance of its concessions. However, the impact of an increase in the number and attractiveness of alternative 
routes could outweigh any potential compensation. If the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of 
traffic on its roads, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs on its toll roads beyond certain limits 
In addition to the volume of traffic on its toll roads, the income generated from the Group's toll roads depends 
on its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each individual concession 
agreement. In the majority of cases, the Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs beyond 
certain limits, normally the rate of inflation. In the current inflationary environment affecting all the 
jurisdictions where Abertis has presence, the concession grantors may seek to limit tariff increases which are 
contractually applicable. These contractual adjustments would be expected to be compensated with cash 
payments or by other means, which may in some cases result in delayed or partial tariff increases. 
During the life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also unilaterally impose additional 
restrictions on the tariff rates and refuse to compensate the Group for any losses that might result from such 
changes to the concession agreement. Whilst the Group may try to renegotiate the terms of a concession 
agreement, the Group cannot guarantee that any such negotiation will be successful and can give no assurance 
that the toll rate the Group is authorised to charge will guarantee an adequate level of profitability. 
The Group has substantial indebtedness (see "—The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level 
of indebtedness"), much of which is related to costs incurred as a result of operating and expansion activity. 
The Group seeks to cover money spent on its investments principally from its toll road receipts. If the 
assumptions underlying the Group's financial models prove to be incorrect and the revenues generated are not 
sufficient to cover its costs, the Group may be unable to increase tariffs due to inflexible concession terms or 
reduce its costs to remain profitable, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Toll road concessions have a limited duration and the Group may not be able to extend or replace its 
concession agreements 
There can be no guarantee that the Group's concession agreements will be renewed or extended. 
If the Group's concession agreements come to an end because it has been unable to extend the duration of its 
concessions or for any other reason and the Group is unable to replace any concessions that have expired or 
terminated with new concessions on equally favourable terms, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a competitive industry 
The Group, in its ordinary course of business, competes in tender processes against various groups and 
companies. It is difficult to predict whether the Group will be awarded new contracts due to multiple factors 
such as qualifications, reputation and customer relationships, and the ability to fulfil the contract in a timely, 
safe, and cost-efficient manner. Furthermore, these groups and companies may have more experience or local 
awareness than the Group does and may have greater resources than the Group, whether material, technical or 
financial, or may demand lower returns on investment and be able to present better technical or economic bids 
compared to it. The Group may have to invest heavily to keep up to speed with market trends and technological 
developments or risk that its toll roads become obsolete or be perceived to be less safe than those of its 
competitors or that its services are not competitive. Given this high level of competition, the Group may be 
unable to secure contracts for new concessions or to extend its current concession agreements. If the Group is 
unable to obtain contracts for new concessions in order to sustain a revenue stream in line with the current 
ones, or if future concessions are only awarded under less favourable terms than the concessions the Group 
currently has, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group may also be subject to competition from other forms of transport, improvements of 
existing road networks, construction of new road or motorway connections or competition from toll-free 
networks.

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
The Group participates in competitive tender processes that may require regulatory authorisation 
procedures that can generate significant expense with no assurance of success 
The Group constantly seeks to identify additional attractive concessions to continue to grow. The Group incurs 
certain third-party costs, including in connection with financing, valuations and professional services 
associated with the sourcing and analysis of suitable concessions. Once a suitable target has been identified, 
the Group is granted many of its concessions on the basis of a competitive process. The Group may invest 
significant resources in a project or tender bid without winning the contract, incurring costs as well as losing 
growth opportunities. In addition, the Group may also need to obtain or renew various regulatory permits or 
authorisations. Authorisation procedures for activities with a large environmental footprint are even more 
challenging as they often entail in-depth studies and public inquiries. The complexity of these procedures has 
tended to increase over the years, which has increased costs and, in some cases, has even led the Group to 
abandon certain potential projects. Lost growth opportunities and the associated costs described above could 
have an adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to risks related to its international operations 
The Group has ramped up its international expansion in recent years and it plans to continue the geographical 
expansion of its businesses into new countries and markets that it believes will contribute to the Group's future 
performance. In the year ended 31 December 2024, nearly 89.4 per cent. of the Group's revenue was generated 
outside of Spain, primarily in France, Brazil, Chile, Italy and Mexico (89.4 per cent. in the year ended 31 
December 2023), with 47.0 per cent. of the Group's revenue being generated outside of Europe (44.2 per cent. 
in the year ended 31 December 2023). The revenues and market values of companies within the Group are 
exposed to risks inherent to the countries where they operate. The operations in some of the countries where 
the Group is present (including the Group's operations in emerging markets) may be exposed to risks related 
to investments and business, such as: 
• 
fluctuations in local economic growth; 
• 
changes in inflation rates; 
• 
devaluation, depreciation, or excessive valuation of local currencies; 
• 
foreign exchange controls or restrictions on profit repatriation; 
• 
changes in interest rates; 
• 
changes in economic and tax policies; 
• 
instances of fraud, bribery, or corruption; 
• 
social conflicts; and 
• 
political and macroeconomic instability. 
In particular, the Group's business is sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone and the geopolitical 
uncertainty originated by, among others, Russia's invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022 and 
the resulting increased tensions between Russia and members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation 
(NATO), the EU and other states that have led to the imposition of comprehensive trade sanctions targeting 
Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions, as well as the countersanctions imposed by 
Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and Russia, which 
led to increased commodity prices on global markets for oil, natural gas and grain, among other products. 
The combined effect of the above-mentioned geopolitical tensions and sanctions resulted in significant adverse 
macro-economic effects with impact in the Group's business. The lower business and consumer confidence 
and activity and an energy-fuelled inflation shock has resulted in lower economic growth in the Eurozone. In 
addition, higher fuel costs as a result of inflation may result in lower traffic volumes on the Group’s toll roads 
and so have an adverse effect on the Group’s tariff revenues. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, although 
domestic price pressures remain high, the European Central Bank ("ECB") expects inflation returning to its 
2% medium-term target in the course of this year on a sustained basis. However, the geopolitical and economic

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
uncertainties are expected to persist as the conflict in Ukraine and the geopolitical tensions in the Middle East 
develop. 
The Group cannot guarantee that it will not be subject to material adverse developments with respect to its 
international operations or that any insurance coverage it has will compensate it for any losses arising from 
such risks. International expansion is not always successful and has inherent risks and costs. Any investments 
in foreign or domestic companies may result in increased complexity of the operations of the Group and the 
need to obtain tax and legal advice in each jurisdiction. The process of integration may require additional 
investments and expenses. Difficulties or failure in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services, 
corporate culture, quality standards, policies and procedures, failure to achieve expected synergies, and 
adverse operating issues that are not discovered prior to acquiring the relevant concession, as well as 
insufficient indemnification from the selling parties for legal liabilities incurred by the acquired companies 
prior to the acquisitions and the incurrence of significant indebtedness, could all make international expansion 
less successful. Furthermore, the Group may have difficulty hiring experts or qualified executives or 
employees willing or able to work in the countries in which it wishes to expand. The Group is exposed to these 
risks in all of its foreign operations to some degree, and such exposure could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time 
The Group's strategy aims to expand in the core markets of Europe, North America, and Latin America, as 
well as seeking opportunities in other geographies with a solid concession framework and as a result the Group 
may engage in acquisitions, investments, and disposals of interests from time to time. There can be no 
assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of 
risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group's operating income, risks associated with unanticipated 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been disclosed during due 
diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, technologies, systems, 
services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a change of control 
of an acquired company. 
The Group's due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the acquisition of or 
investment in a new business or asset 
Prior to entering into agreements for acquisitions, the Group generally performs due diligence in respect of a 
proposed investment, but such inspection by its nature is limited. The assets acquired by the Group may be 
subject to hidden material defects that were not apparent or discovered or otherwise considered by the Group 
at the time of acquisition. To the extent the Group or other third parties underestimated or failed to identify 
risks and liabilities associated with the acquisition of a new business or asset, the Group may incur, directly 
or indirectly, unexpected liabilities, such as defects in title, an inability to obtain approvals or licenses enabling 
the Group to use the underlying infrastructure as intended, environmental, structural, or operational defects or 
liabilities requiring remediation. 
Failure to identify any defects, liabilities or risks could result in the Group having acquired assets which are 
not consistent with its investment strategy which are difficult to integrate with the rest of the Group's business 
or which fail to perform in accordance with expectations, and/or adversely affect the Group's reputation, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may result in costs and difficulties 
beyond those foreseen 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may prove to be more difficult and 
expensive and the benefits derived from, and/or costs associated with, such integration may not be in line with 
expectations. The diversion of the management team's attention from their other responsibilities as a result of 
the need to deal with integration issues could also have an adverse effect on the Group's business. If the Spanish 
Issuer is not able to manage the broader organisation efficiently, it could lose key customers and fail to achieve 
full integration of the assets and resources of the new business, respectively, which could in turn have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
The interests of the Group's shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of Notes 
The Group's parent company, Abertis Holdco, S.A., has three shareholders: Mundys S.p.A. (formerly known 
as Atlantia S.p.A.) ("Mundys") holds a 50 per cent. stake, ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, 
S.A. ("ACS") holds a 30 per cent. stake plus one share and its subsidiary Hochtief has a 20 per cent. stake 
minus one share. Mundys, ACS and Hochtief on 30 September 2023 entered into a shareholder agreement 
(which was subsequently amended on 11 December 2023) whose terms would affect the management, 
financial policy, and operation of the Spanish Issuer, and which replaces the previous shareholders’ agreement 
entered into on 23 March 2018 and subsequently amended on 23 October 2018. The Spanish Issuer is not 
party to such shareholder agreement but is a signatory therein for the purposes of acknowledging and 
undertaking to comply with the terms and conditions agreed by the shareholders party to it, and such agreement 
may be subject to changes or termination in the future. 
In addition, the interests of the Group's shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with interests of 
holders of Notes. The Group's shareholders have, and will continue to have, directly or indirectly, the power, 
among other things, to affect its legal and capital structure and its day-to-day operations, and to approve any 
other changes to its operations. For example, the Group's shareholders could direct the Group to incur 
additional indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividend distributions. The interests of the 
Group's shareholders could conflict with interests of holders of Notes, particularly if the Group encounters 
financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. The Group's shareholders could also have an 
interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions or other transactions that, in 
their judgement, could enhance their equity investments although such transactions might involve risks to the 
holders of Notes. In addition, the Group's shareholders may own businesses that compete directly with the 
Group's business. Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may suffer losses in excess of insurance proceeds, if any, or from uninsurable events 
Accidents may occur at the Group's projects, for example a motorway bridge could collapse, which may 
severely disrupt the operations and damage the reputation of the Group. The Group's toll roads and other assets 
may suffer physical damage resulting in losses (including loss of revenue) which may not be compensated for 
by insurance, either fully or at all. In addition, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic 
nature, that may be uninsurable or are not economically insurable. The insurance policy may also not cover 
lost income, reinstatement costs, increased expenses, reputational damage, or other liabilities. Moreover, there 
can be no assurance that if the Group's current insurance cover is cancelled or not renewed replacement cover 
will be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
Any material uninsured losses may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Events outside of the Spanish Issuer's control may decrease toll revenues or generate significant additional 
costs 
Exceptional events including natural disasters (such as landslides or earthquakes) and climate conditions (such 
as snow, freezing rain or floods), multiple-vehicle accidents, criminal acts or other external factors (such as 
requisitions by the government, road haulage or employees strikes, demonstrations at toll collection points, 
pandemics or computer viruses) could result in a temporary disruption of traffic, loss of a critical item of 
equipment, a loss of a concession or license, part of the Group's network ceasing to be operational or liability 
claims being made against the Group's network, all leading to a temporary decrease in toll revenues or 
generating significant additional costs required to maintain or to restore the Group's network to working order. 
Exceptional events which have affected the Group, and which have given rise to one or more of such 
aforementioned consequences include Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (see "— The Group's business is subject 
to risks related to its international operations"). Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's toll revenues on free-flow toll systems are dependent on payment being received by customers 
following the use of the toll roads 
The Group operates a number of free-flow (or open-road) toll systems which allow authorities to collect tolls 
through subsequent electronic payment by customers. The Group is exposed to the risk that some customers 
do not successfully make electronic payment following the use of the toll roads. For example, electronic

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
payment may not occur due to a lack of funds in the customer's account and such customer would then fail to 
take the necessary steps to make payment of the amount due or where a user of the free-flow toll roads is not 
registered as a customer (i.e. does not have an electronic device for making payment), there is a risk that such 
customer will not make payment because there is no bank account or card associated with such customer. In 
this case, the receipt of payment is subsequently pursued by the Spanish Issuer and obtaining such payment 
from the customer is not always successful. 
The Group's operations may contaminate the environment 
The main environmental impacts caused by the Group's operations relate to the processing of waste produced 
in connection with the development and operation of toll roads, including hazardous and non-hazardous waste. 
In particular this relates to construction and demolition waste, sludge from biological treatment plants, wet 
sludge and land contaminated with diesel fuel, among others. The disposal of such waste may cause delays 
and increase the cost of projects, and may cause environmental damage, particularly where such waste is 
untreated. The Group could be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance, or other hazardous causes 
originating from its operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The public may refuse to pay increased tolls and public pressure may cause the relevant government 
authority to challenge the Group's tariffs 
If the Group's tolls roads are viewed as expensive, motorists might avoid them or refuse to pay the tariffs, 
which would result in lower traffic volumes and reduced toll revenues. In addition, adverse general public 
opinion may result in pressure to restrict the Group's tariff increases. If public pressure or government action 
forces the Group to restrict its tariff increases or even reduce its tariffs and the Group does not receive adequate 
compensation under the relevant concession agreement, this could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group's concessions may generate little or no cash 
The development and operation of infrastructure concession assets is a capital-intensive business. Newer 
assets are typically highly leveraged to optimise the capital structure with the objective of maximising 
shareholder return. As a result of the high rate of leverage, during the initial years of a concession, the costs 
of financing often consume a large proportion of a concession's available cash flows, leaving little or no cash 
available for distribution. As a result, it is unlikely that any cash generated from the Group's newer or future 
concessions will be available to be used for the repayment of amounts due under the Notes. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group's cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that concession may 
therefore take longer than expected to generate a profit or may never do so, which could decrease the resources 
available to other Group companies to meet their financial obligations, including those under the Notes. Such 
a shortfall of cash may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group depends to a significant extent on public sector customers and projects 
The Group, and the toll road industry in general, depends to a significant extent on the continued availability 
of attractive levels of government incentives to attract private investments. Following the global economic 
crisis that began in 2008, the Group has noticed a sharp reduction in projects for the public sector, on which 
the Group's business is highly dependent. A further decrease in the spending on development and execution 
of public sector projects by governments and local authorities could adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, and results of operations. Global economic instability and difficult and recessionary 
economic conditions in certain countries in which the Group operates may result in the contraction of 
infrastructure spending and therefore in the delay or suspension of projects that are already underway or 
awarded, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group faces risks in connection with cybersecurity 
The Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with information, control systems or 
information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any consequences of unauthorised access 
to or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or destruction of information or information 
systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism. Any material uninsured losses and reputational

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
damage caused by any cybersecurity beaches may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when developing or expanding toll 
roads and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results 
In circumstances where the Group seeks to create value by undertaking the development, extension, or 
expansion of a concession's toll roads, it will typically be dependent on the performance of third party 
contractors who undertake the management or execution of such development, extension, or expansion on 
behalf of the Group. The risks of development, extension or expansion include, but are not limited to: 
• 
failure by such third party contractors in performing their contractual obligations; 
• 
insolvency of such third party contractors; 
• 
the inability of the third party contractors to retain key members of staff; 
• 
cost deviations in relation to the services provided by the third party contractors; 
• 
delays in the roads being available for use; 
• 
poor quality execution; 
• 
fraud or misconduct by an officer, employee or agent of a third party contractor; 
• 
diversion of resources and attention of the Group's management from operations and opportunities 
to win new concessions; 
• 
disputes between the Group and third party contractors, which may increase the Group's costs and 
require the time and attention of the Group's management; 
• 
construction risks on the projects carried out by external contractors, especially if such defects are 
discovered after the expiry of sub-contractors' warranties; and 
• 
liability of the Group for the actions of the third party contractors. 
If the Group's third party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they have been 
engaged, either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the Group's failure to properly supervise 
any such contractors, the Group's ability to complete works on schedule and within forecasted costs to the 
requisite levels of quality could be adversely impacted and this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's joint venture and partnership operations could be adversely affected by its reliance on its 
partners' financial condition and performance 
Some of the Group's activities are conducted through joint ventures and partnerships, where the Group has 
less than a 100 per cent. interest in a particular entity that operates a concession with the remaining ownership 
interest being held by one or more third parties. The management and control of such a concession or entity 
may entail risks associated with multiple owners and decision makers, including the risks that: 
• 
investment partners become insolvent or bankrupt, or fail to fund their share of any costs which might 
be incurred, resulting in the Group having to pay the investment partner's share or bear the risk of 
losing the particular concession; 
• 
investment partners have economic or other interests that are inconsistent with the Group's interests 
and are in a position to take or influence actions contrary to the Group's interests and plans, which 
may create impasses on decisions and affect the Group's ability to implement its strategies and/or 
dispose of the concession or entity; 
• 
disputes develop between the Group and investment partners, resulting in the Group incurring 
litigation or arbitration costs and distracting the Group's management from its other tasks;

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
• 
investment partners do not have enough liquid assets to make cash advances that may be required in 
order to fund operations, maintenance and other expenses related to the particular toll road, which 
could result in the loss of current or prospective customers and may otherwise adversely affect the 
operation and maintenance of the road; 
• 
an investment partner breaches the terms of a concession agreement, which may cause a default under 
such agreement and result in liability for the Group; 
• 
the Group may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of investment partners; 
• 
where the Group has a minority stake, it must negotiate suitable arrangements with each of its 
proposed investment partners, which may prove to be time-consuming and could restrict the Group's 
ability to act quickly or unilaterally; and 
• 
a default by an investment partner constitutes a default under the financing documents relating to the 
particular concession, which could result in acceleration of the relevant debt. 
Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to financial risks 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by its level of indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had €22,585 million of net debt (€25,875 million of net debt as at 31 
December 2023), which represented 51.4 per cent. of the Group's consolidated balance sheet, as at such date. 
Net debt over EBITDA was 5.26 and 6.65 for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, 
respectively. Details of the Group's material financing can be found in Note 14 of the Spanish Issuer 2024 
Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts (as defined below). In addition, as at 31 December 2024, the Group 
had contingencies relating to guarantees given by the Group, including a guarantee by the Spanish Issuer to 
Abertis HoldCo given as a result of the transfer of €1,000 million of bank debt from the Spanish Issuer to 
Abertis HoldCo following the execution of debt novation agreements on 25 and 28 November 2022. The 
Spanish Issuer will remain as guarantor of the novated debt and its possible extensions and/or refinancings. 
Details of the Group's contingencies can be found in Note 21 of the Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated 
Annual Accounts (as defined below). 
The Group may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in relation to its international expansion, 
new acquisitions, and new joint ventures. Such additional indebtedness may mature prior to the Notes or could 
be senior, if secured, to Notes issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions of the Notes place certain 
limitations on the incurrence of additional secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group (as further 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) of the Senior Notes).  
The Group's leverage could increase the Group's vulnerability to a downturn in its business or economic and 
industry conditions and have significant adverse consequences, including but not limited to: 
• 
limiting the Group's ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital 
expenditures, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other corporate 
requirements; 
• 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Group's cash flow from operations to the 
payment of principal of, and interest on, the Group's indebtedness, which would make such cash flow 
unavailable to fund the Group's operations, capital expenditures, investment plans, business 
opportunities and other corporate requirements; and 
• 
limiting the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group's business, the 
competitive environment, and the industry. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to 
satisfy its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The Spanish Issuer is primarily a holding company that has limited revenue-generating operations of its 
own, and is dependent on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes 
or meet its other obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Spanish Issuer is a holding company that conducts limited business 
operations of its own and has no significant assets other than the shares it holds in its direct subsidiaries. The 
Group's revenue-generating activities are carried out by the Spanish Issuer's operating subsidiaries. 
Repayment of the Spanish Issuer's indebtedness, including the Notes, is dependent on the ability of its 
subsidiaries to make such cash available to it, by dividend distributions, debt repayment, loans or otherwise. 
The Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries may not be able to, or may be restricted by the terms of their existing or 
future indebtedness, or by law, in their ability to make distributions or advance upstream loans to enable the 
Spanish Issuer to make payments in respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes. In the event that the 
Spanish Issuer does not receive distributions or other payments from its subsidiaries, it may be unable to make 
principal and interest payments on its indebtedness, including the Notes. 
All the existing and future liabilities of the Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries, including any claims of trade 
creditors, will be effectively senior to the Notes. Any of the situations described above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Spanish Issuer's ability to service its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
As at 31 December 2024, 88 per cent. of the Group's indebtedness bore interest at a fixed rate or a rate fixed 
through hedges (76 per cent. as at 31 December 2023). The Group's total interest paid for debt, amounted to 
€1,098 million during 2024 and is one of the Group's largest cost items. Interest rates are highly sensitive to 
many factors beyond the Group's control, including central banks' policies, international and country-specific 
economic and political conditions, inflationary pressures, disruption to financial markets or the availability of 
bank credit. Any increases in interest rates in the Eurozone and in other jurisdictions where the Group has 
floating rate debt will require the Group to use a greater proportion of its revenues to pay interest expenses. 
After continuously raising the interest rates from July 2022 up until September 2023 as a response to the global 
inflationary environment, since June 2024 the ECB has continued to gradually lower the three key interest 
rates. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, although the ECB expects inflation to return to its 2% medium-
term target in the course of 2025, domestic price pressures remain elevated, mostly because wages and prices 
in certain sectors are still adjusting to the past inflation surge with a substantial delay.  
An increase in the interest rates of the Group's indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its 
other indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities. The financial management of 
the Group regularly reviews market conditions and from time to time may adjust the balance of interest rate 
exposure in its debt profile. However, there can be no assurance that this interest rate management policy will 
adequately protect the Group against the risk of increased interest rates, which could be particularly damaging 
for the Group due to its high level of net debt (€22,585 million, as at 31 December 2024), plus any hedging 
arrangements that expose the Group to credit risk in respect of the hedging counterparty. There can be no 
assurance that future interest rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk 
In the year ended 31 December 2024, 47.5 per cent. of the Group's revenues were in currencies other than the 
euro (45.0 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023), such as the Brazilian real, the Chilean peso, the 
Argentine peso, the Mexican peso, the U.S. dollar, and the Indian rupee. Foreign exchange rate risk arises 
primarily from: (i) the Group's international presence, through its investments and businesses, in countries that 
use currencies other than the euro; (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the 
business is conducted or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or 
payables in a foreign currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered. 
In order to mitigate these risks, the Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives to cover its significant 
future expected operations and cash flows. Any current or future hedging contracts or foreign exchange 
derivatives entered into by the Group may not adequately protect its operating results from the effects of 
exchange rate fluctuations. The Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early 
termination of the hedging agreements by, hedge counterparties. There can be no assurance that future

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
and results of operations. 
The Group's financial indebtedness may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment 
The Group needs to secure significant levels of financing to fund its operations. A number of the Group's 
current financing agreements contain standard covenants that, if breached, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If certain extraordinary or 
unforeseen events occur, including a breach of financial covenants, the Group's borrowings, and any hedging 
arrangements that it may have entered into may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment or could otherwise become subject to early termination. If the Group is required to repay 
borrowings early it may be subject to prepayment penalties and if the cash flows from its operations and other 
capital resources (including borrowings under existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to pay such 
obligations, the Group may be forced to: 
• 
reduce or delay participation in certain activities, including research and development; 
• 
sell certain non-core business assets; 
• 
obtain additional debt or equity capital; 
• 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity; or 
• 
reduce the distribution of dividends. 
The Group may not be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory terms or at all 
The Group may need to refinance its existing debt and may find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness 
as it matures, particularly if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced. There can be no 
guarantee that the Group will be able to obtain further financing on acceptable terms or at all, which could 
adversely affect the implementation of its business strategy. The Group's ability to secure financing depends 
on several factors, many of which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, adverse 
effects in the debt or capital markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and monetary policy 
in the markets in which it operates. The availability of financing and the terms thereof will also depend on the 
Group's and the lenders' estimate of the stability of the relevant concessions' expected cash flows and the 
expected evolution of the value of the concession. 
In addition, there is an international consensus that, in order to determine credit quality, the ratings provided 
by rating agencies are to be taken into account. This leads to the risk that following a deterioration in the rating 
of the Spanish Issuer, especially below investment grade, all financed transactions would entail an increase in 
financial costs which could even lead to the inability to enter into transactions if the Group is unable to obtain 
financing. 
If the Group is unable to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or delays are incurred 
in obtaining financing, this may impair the Group's ability to make investments and leverage its resources, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties 
The Group is exposed to credit risk insofar as its counterparties (such as customers, suppliers, financial 
institutions, partners and, in particular, public administrations) may default on their contractual payment 
obligations by failing to make payments on time or at all. Business activity which requires a prior investment 
in assets, such as toll roads, is especially sensitive to default risk because, in the event of default, such 
investment might not be recoverable. 
Risks associated with measuring intangible assets and goodwill 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2024 included intangible assets of €35,522 million (relating 
mainly to investments in transport infrastructure concession arrangements and goodwill) from total assets of

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
€43,956 million. The measurement of these investments in concession arrangements and, in particular, the 
assessment of their recoverable amount, involves a complex process that requires estimates to be made that 
include judgements and significant assumptions by the Group's management in the preparation of impairment 
tests, relating mainly to discount rates, macroeconomic variables, changes in traffic and tolls, future operating 
costs, and disbursements for future investments. 
The Group's balance sheet as at 31 December 2024 included goodwill of €8,470 million (associated mainly 
with cash-generating units disclosed in Note 7 of the Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated Annual 
Accounts). The Group's management conducts impairment tests to assess the recoverable amount of goodwill. 
To the extent that these assumptions and estimates were incorrect, or the impairment tests were flawed, the 
Group's intangible assets and goodwill could be lower than the amounts stated in the Group's balance sheet as 
at 31 December 2024, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Group  
The Group is subject to litigation risks 
The Group is, and may in the future be, a party to judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings which arise 
in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to compulsory land purchases required for toll 
road construction, claims relating to defects in construction projects performed or services rendered, claims 
for third party liability in connection with the use of the Group's assets or the actions of Group employees, 
employment-related claims, environmental claims and tax claims. For a summary of the material legal 
proceedings relating to the Group, see "Information on the Group—Litigation and Arbitration". An 
unfavourable outcome (including an out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such proceedings or in future 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Legal risks related to licensing and approvals 
In order to be able to carry out specific projects, the Group may have to obtain approvals, licences, certificates, 
and other permits from the competent authorities in specific project phases. There can be no assurances that 
the Group will be able to obtain the relevant approvals at all, or on a timely basis, or that it will be able to 
fulfil the requirements for such approvals in all cases. This could lead to delays, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a regulated industry and, in particular, environmental laws could increase the 
Group's costs 
The Group must comply with both specific toll road sector regulations (including in relation to road safety), 
as well as applicable environmental regulations established by local, regional, national and European Union 
("EU") bodies which regulate the Group's activities. The technical requirements imposed by environmental 
regulations are gradually becoming more costly, complex, and stringent. These laws may impose strict liability 
in the event of damage to natural resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability may mean that 
the Group is held liable for environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted negligently, or that it 
owes fines whether or not damage exists or is proven. The relevant authorities may impose fines or sanctions 
or may revoke and refuse to grant authorisations and permits because of a breach by the Group of applicable 
regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the imposition of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter application 
of existing regulations may increase the Group's costs or impose new responsibilities, leading to lower 
earnings and liquidity available for its activities. Breaching any of these regulations could result in reputational 
damage, which, in addition to the impact of any regulatory changes, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s concession agreements are subject to early termination under certain conditions 
The Group’s activities are governed by concession agreements.  
In respect of several of the Group’s concession agreements, such as (i) the SANEF network concession 
agreement, as amended, and expiring in December 2031, entered into between the French State and SANEF

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
in relation to the concession for the construction, maintenance and operation of certain motorways approved 
by a decree dated 29 October 1990 (the “Sanef Concession Agreement”) and (ii) the Société des Autoroutes 
Paris-Normandie (“SAPN”, a subsidiary of SANEF) network concession agreement, as amended, and expiring 
in August 2033, entered into between the French State and SAPN in relation to the concession for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of certain motorways approved by a decree dated 3 May 1995 (the 
“SAPN Concession Agreement”), the grantor may, under rules applicable to administrative contracts, 
unilaterally terminate concession agreements at any time in the public interest or, under contractual provisions, 
buy back the related concession subject to judicial supervision. The concessionaire may then be entitled to be 
compensated for an amount that is provided by law or contract and, in many cases, will match the fair value 
of the concession. If the concession agreements are terminated on the basis that the concessionaire is found to 
have seriously or repeatedly breached its contractual obligations, the concessionaire may not be entitled to any 
compensation. In addition, in the event of a breach by the concessionaire of its obligations under the 
concession agreements, the grantor may levy penalties. 
In extreme cases a sovereign government could take action contrary to the Group's rights under the relevant 
concession agreement, for example by unilaterally terminating, changing the terms of, expropriating or even 
disputing the validity of the concessions. The Group carries out a large part of its operations in developed 
countries where the risk that the sovereign government will take actions of such nature tends to be low, but 
the Group also has operations in emerging markets and cannot give any assurance that governments (in an 
emerging market or otherwise) will not legislate, impose regulations or change applicable laws or act contrary 
to the law in a way that would materially adversely affect its business.  
However, there can be no assurances that any compensation would be sufficient to make up for the loss of the 
relevant concession. Each concession agreement has different provisions regarding the compensation to be 
provided if the concession is terminated before the end of its term, whether such termination be with or without 
cause. If it is unable to negotiate and receive adequate compensation for terminated or repurchased 
concessions, the Group's revenues in the future may be reduced. 
Concession agreements such as the Sanef Concession Agreement and SAPN Concession Agreement provide 
the Group with recurring revenue, conversely, in the event of a premature end, or a deterioration in the terms 
and conditions of the concession contracts, this would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group could be required to carry out additional works 
Pursuant to some provisions of concessions, the grantor can require the concessionaire to carry out additional 
works. For example, under the Sanef Concession Agreement and SAPN Concession Agreement, the French 
State can require the concessionaire to widen certain segments of the motorways within two years, without 
further compensation, if average daily traffic over a period of 12 months exceeds a threshold specified for 
each motorway segment. Consequently, the Group cannot give any assurance that future reviews with the 
grantor of additional works will not lead to significant additional investments having to be made, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operation. 
At the end of the concessions, concessionaires will be required to hand-back the assets relating to their 
concession  
In addition, under concession agreements such as the Sanef Concession Agreement and SAPN Concession 
Agreement, the concessionaire is required to hand back the infrastructure in good condition to the grantor at 
the end of the concession. This may require maintenance works beyond those scheduled by the concessionaire 
in the event of unanticipated and faster ageing than expected of these assets, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operation. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws 
The Group operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree 
and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws may conflict with local 
customs and practices. In addition, some of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates or may in the future 
operate lack a developed legal system or may have failed to implement laws and regulations or enforce such 
laws and regulations, and consequently may have high levels of corruption. In this scenario, the Group's 
continued international expansion, development of joint venture relationships with local contractors and the

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
use of local agents increases the Group's risk of being exposed to violations of such anti-bribery and corruption 
regulations by its local partners or agents. 
If the Group, its employees, agents, partners, subcontractors or suppliers breach any such laws, the Group 
could suffer, in addition to reputational damage, from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, including 
fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts, 
termination of existing contracts, revocations or restrictions of licenses, criminal fines or imprisonment of key 
personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the economic environment of areas where the Group has operations 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by the deterioration of global economic conditions and 
political stability 
The Group's business performance is closely linked to the economic conditions in the countries, regions, and 
cities in which it operates. Normally, robust economic growth in those areas where it is located results in 
greater demand for its toll roads, while slow economic growth or economic contraction adversely affects 
demand. The Group is exposed to substantial risk stemming from volatility in areas such as consumer 
spending, business investment, government spending, capital markets conditions and price inflation, which 
affect the business and economic environment and, consequently, the size and profitability of the Group's 
business. Unfavourable economic conditions could lead to lower prices for toll road projects, reduced road 
travel and reduced demand for the services provided by the Group. Furthermore, any financial difficulties 
suffered by the Group's subcontractors or suppliers could increase its costs or cause delays in its projects. 
The Group has operations in 15 different countries and is exposed to the political risks of the each of those 
countries. Events such as the UK's departure from the EU, the growth of inward-looking policies, 
protectionism and of political ideology in Member States that is contrary to the EU (where 52.5 per cent. of 
the Group's revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 were generated) could adversely affect the 
economies of the countries in which the Group operates and the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to emerging and developing country risks 
The Group operates and is present in 15 countries across Europe, North America, South America, and Asia, 
including countries classified as emerging or developing countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, 
Puerto Rico, and India. Operations in these countries are subject to the customary risks of operating in 
emerging and developing markets, which include potential political and economic uncertainty, application of 
exchange controls, reliance on foreign investment, nationalization or expropriation, crime and lack of law 
enforcement, political insurrection, external interference, currency fluctuations and changes in government 
policy. Financial risks of operating in emerging and developing markets also include risks of liquidity, 
inflation, devaluation, price volatility, currency convertibility and country default resulting from significant 
deficits as well as other factors.  
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Spanish Issuer may issue Notes described as "Sustainability-
Linked Notes". In such event, the interest rate is subject to upward adjustment in the case of Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the amount payable on redemption shall include any Redemption Premium 
Amount(s) in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, in each case, in certain 
circumstances specified in the Conditions, depending on the definitions of "Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event", 
"Scope 3 Emissions Event" and "EVCP Event" in the Conditions. The occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Event, Scope 3 Emissions Event and EVCP Event will be determined based on a defined group of entities 
forming part of the Group as set out in the definition of "SLB Reporting Group" in the Conditions. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds, or similar purpose 
financing instrument, since the Spanish Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate 
purposes, which may include the refinancing of existing indebtedness, and therefore the Spanish Issuer does 
not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental, 
sustainability or social criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with such instruments.   
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any existing or future legal or quasi 
legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (including but not limited to the 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU 
Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, the EuGB (EU Green Bond) label or the 
optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
under Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation 
and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom or any market standards or guidance) or any 
requirements of such labels or market standards as they may evolve from time to time. The related provisions 
and definitions may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations when compared to other 
definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions or the installation of electric vehicle charging points and there 
is no certainty to what extent the assets which are the subject of the investments planned in the Group's 
sustainability strategy will be aligned to such legislation and guidelines. It is not clear if the establishment 
under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the optional disclosure templates for sustainability-linked bonds could 
have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, sustainability-linked bonds that do not comply with 
the requirements of such optional disclosure templates, such as the Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under 
this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this Programme that do not comply with optional 
disclosure templates under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
In addition none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Spanish Issuer's Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework including the selection of the Spanish Issuer's Key Performance Indicators or 
Sustainable Performance Targets as defined therein and their alignment with any sustainability-related 
standards. 
Although the Spanish Issuer targets decreasing its Scope 1 and 2 Emissions (calculated in absolute terms) and 
Scope 3 Emissions (reflected through the decrease of Scope 3 Emissions per the number of kilometres 
(calculated in millions) travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group) and 
increasing the number of EVCPs installed, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful 
in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction, and operation of 
any investments the Spanish Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets.  
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
As a result of the above, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be in line with investors' expectations or 
requirements.

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, increase the Group's cost of funding, and could 
expose the Group to reputational risks 
The Spanish Issuer's intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be to 
reduce the Group's greenhouse gas emissions by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold or Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold on the relevant Reference Year(s) and increase the 
number of EVCPs installed by at least the relevant EVCP Increase Threshold on the relevant Reference 
Year(s), as applicable (the "Sustainability Targets") but there can be no assurance of the extent to which it 
will be successful in doing so and the Spanish Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such 
Sustainability Targets. The failure to meet any of such Sustainability Targets relating to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes or any other type of sustainability-linked indebtedness will result in increased interest amounts, 
the payment of Redemption Premium Amount(s) or additional payments, which would increase the Group's 
cost of funding, and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition, or its results of operations. 
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Sustainability Targets could also harm the Group's reputation 
or the Group's efforts in reaching the Sustainability Targets may become controversial or be criticised by 
activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other 
securities of the Spanish Issuer) and the price at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to 
sell its Notes in such circumstances may be at a substantial discount from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such Noteholder. See also "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics" above for a description of the risk that 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
No Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, nor will 
the Spanish Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if the Spanish Issuer 
fails to meet any of the Sustainability Targets, or if it fails to comply with the related disclosure and reporting 
obligations set out in the Conditions. 
The methodology used by the Spanish Issuer to determine whether a Step Up Event and/or Redemption 
Premium Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred may change over time due to a Recalculation 
Event or a change in standards and guidelines and a Step Up Event and/or Redemption Premium Event 
may not occur in event of a change in or the application of law or regulation 
The Conditions permit the Spanish Issuer to recalculate or redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, 
Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline 
and EVCP Increase Threshold following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event (each, as defined in the 
Conditions). A qualified second party opinion provider must review any such recalculation or redetermination 
of the relevant amount, baseline or threshold and confirm that it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, 
or more ambitious than the original amount, baseline or threshold, as the case may be. The details of any 
recalculation or redetermination will be set out in the SLB Progress Report relating to the Reporting Year 
during which such recalculation or redetermination has occurred, which will be accompanied by an assurance 
report issued by an Assurance Provider (each, as defined in the Conditions). 
A Recalculation Event includes a recalculation following a structural change in the SLB Reporting Group (as 
defined in the Conditions) including as a result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments, and/or any other 
similar event.  
Any recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders, and will result in the updated 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold, as the case may be, being considered for 
the purpose of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event has occurred 
in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The occurrence of a Recalculation Event may impact, positively 
or negatively, the ability of the Spanish Issuer to satisfy the Sustainability Targets which could in turn adversely 
affect the market value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other securities of the Spanish Issuer).

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
In addition, each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold is calculated 
internally by the Spanish Issuer based on broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards 
and guidelines may change over time, which may affect the way in which the Spanish Issuer performs such 
calculations. The standards and guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions 
from industry bodies, which may change going forward. As a consequence, any of these changes to the 
calculation methodology or to standards and guidelines may not be in line with investors' expectations or 
requirements when investing in Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Lastly, a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event would not occur where the failure to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition or the EVCP Condition, as applicable, 
is as a result of (i) in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, 
a change in law or regulation impacting the SLB Reporting Group’s greenhouse gas emissions, (ii) in respect 
of the EVCP Condition, a change in law or regulation impacting the installation and/or operation of EVCPs 
and (iii) in respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, the application of or a change in law or regulation 
imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions affecting infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting 
Group. 
Any second party opinion issued in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes does not reflect all the 
features which may be associated with such debt securities nor does it discuss all risks related to such Notes 
The Spanish Issuer has requested that a specialised consulting firm or rating agency issue a so-called Second-
Party Opinion (a "Second-Party Opinion") confirming the adherence of the Spanish Issuer's Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by ICMA and the 
Spanish Issuer may request that a new Second-Party Opinion be issued if the Spanish Issuer's Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework is updated or in the event that a Recalculation Event occurs. 
Even though a Second-Party Opinion has been obtained, and whilst noting the emergence of the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, there is currently no market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" 
or "sustainability-linked" or equivalently-labelled project or instrument or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project or instrument to be defined as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" labels 
(including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU 
Green Bond Regulation, SFDR and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in 
the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. The Second-
Party Opinion and any other opinion, review, certification or post-issuance report is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria and/or 
considerations that formed the basis of the Second-Party Opinion and any other such opinion, review, 
certification or post-issuance report may change at any time and the Second-Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuers, 
any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates, any second party opinion 
providers or the Assurance Provider that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor 
expectations or that the Sustainability Targets qualify as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked".  
If the Second-party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-party analysis of the Spanish Issuer's 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework or the Spanish Issuer's progress in meeting Sustainability Targets 
other than the relevant Assurance Provider’s confirmation provided in the SLB Progress Report in relation to 
any Target Observation Period or Target Observation Date. A withdrawal of the Second-Party Opinion may 
affect the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. 
Furthermore, a Second-Party Opinion may not reflect all the features of such kind of debt securities, nor the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. Furthermore, 
any such Second-Party Opinion would only be valid as of the date it is released, and the Spanish Issuer does 
not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision of its Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework.  
While the EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of external reviewers of European 
Green Bonds (which is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026), a Second-Party Opinion provider and 
providers of similar opinions, review, reports and certifications (including any post-issuance reports prepared

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
by an external reviewer) are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any 
such opinion, review, report or certification (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external 
reviewer) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, any member of the Group, the 
Dealers or any Second-Party Opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-
Linked Notes. 
In addition, each Issuer is not currently intending to make use of the optional disclosure templates provided 
for in Articles 20 and 21 of the EU Green Bond Regulation for any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, nor any of the Dealers nor the provider of any such Second-
Party Opinion, review, report or certification (including any post-issuance report prepared by an external 
reviewer) for the contents of any such opinion, review report or certification (including any post-issuance 
report prepared by an external reviewer). Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion, review, report or certification (including any post-issuance report prepared by an external 
reviewer) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, review, report or 
certification (including any post-issuance report prepared by an external reviewer) for the purpose of any 
investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Spanish Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, any Second-
Party Opinion, SLB Progress Report, Assurance Report or other review, report, verification or certification 
(including any post-issuance report prepared by an external reviewer) and any other document related thereto 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Senior Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in 
the event that the Spanish Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Senior 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Kingdom of Spain and or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Spanish Issuer may redeem all outstanding Senior Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Spanish Issuer will also redeem all outstanding Senior Notes of the relevant Series if, by reason of any 
change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application of such law, becoming effective after the 
relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Spanish Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of 
its obligations under such Senior Notes. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Senior 
Notes are redeemable at the Spanish Issuer's option or obligation in certain other circumstances, the Spanish 
Issuer may choose or may be obligated to redeem the Senior Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may 
be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Senior Notes. 
The Spanish Issuer may be unable to redeem the Senior Notes as required upon a Material Asset Sale Put 
Event  
If the Spanish Issuer experiences a Material Asset Sale Put Event, the Spanish Issuer will be required to redeem 
any Senior Notes in respect of which a Material Asset Sale Put Option is exercised at their principal amount 
outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to such date of early redemption. However, the Spanish 
Issuer may be unable to do so because it may not have enough available funds, particularly since a Material 
Asset Sale Put Event could in certain circumstances cause part or all of its other debt to become due and 
payable. 
Regulation of benchmarks may lead to future reforms or discontinuation 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks have been subject to significant regulatory scrutiny and legislative 
intervention in recent years. This relates not only to creation and administration of benchmarks, but, also, to 
the use of a benchmark rate. In the EU, for example, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of, contribution of input data to, and the use of, a 
benchmark within the EU, subject to certain transitional provisions. Similarly, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of, contribution of input data 
to, and the use of, a benchmark within the UK, subject to certain transitional provisions.   
Legislation such as the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another  benchmark rate or index – for example, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in the future in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation or other similar legislation, or if a 
critical benchmark is discontinued or is determined to be by a regulator to be "no longer representative".  Such 
factors could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or may affect 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.  They may also have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks", or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with the Euro Short Term Rate ("€STR") or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(f) 
(Benchmark replacement) of the Subordinated Notes and the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform)). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on 
the same benchmark. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any 
related index 
Newer reference rates or any related indices and rates that fall outside the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation may also be subject to changes or discontinuation.   For example, 
the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") (and the SONIA 
Compounded Index), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (and the SOFR Compounded Index) 
or the euro short-term rate ("€STR") (and the €STR Compounded Index), respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including 
changes related to the method by which each such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to 
the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method 
of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free 
rate. 
Interest rate "fallback" arrangements may lead to Notes performing differently or the effective application 
of a "fixed rate"  
If a relevant benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as 
defined in the Conditions), as applicable, occurs, the Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback 
arrangements.   Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate 
may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the 
application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective.

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  It is also possible that such an event may be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Moreover, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Additionally, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback 
of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used, which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Methodologies for the calculation of risk-free rates (including overnight rates or forward-looking rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes may vary and may evolve 
"Risk-free" rates, such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds, have become more 
commonly used as benchmark rates for bonds in recent years.  Most of the rates are backwards-looking, but 
the methodologies to calculate the risk-free rates are not uniform.  Such different methodologies may result in 
slightly different interest amounts being determined in respect of otherwise similar securities. 
The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, 
the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  
Such variations could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.  In addition, 
investors should consider how any mismatch between applicable conventions for the use of reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free 
rates. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
It is not possible to calculate interest rates in advance for Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
any related indices 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may therefore be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Senior Notes referencing backwards-looking 
rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 17 (Events of Default) of the 
Senior Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.  
None of the Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries will guarantee its obligations under the Notes, and the Notes will 
be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of the Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under 
the Notes or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or 
other payment.  
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of any even if such 
obligations do not constitute senior indebtedness, such that, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, 
reorganisation, dissolution or other winding up of any subsidiary, all of such subsidiary's creditors (including 
trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of such subsidiary's 
assets before the Spanish Issuer would be entitled to any payment. As a result, the Notes are effectively

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
subordinated to all liabilities of the Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2024, the gross debt of 
the Group was €26,393 million (excluding borrowings from companies accounted for using the equity method, 
interest on loans and bonds and other liabilities), with €11,979 million of such gross debt being held by 
subsidiaries of the Spanish Issuer, without considering Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. In addition, the 
Spanish Issuer's subsidiaries may be subject to restrictions on their ability to distribute cash to the Spanish 
Issuer as a result of law and, as a result, the Spanish Issuer may not be able to access its cash flows to service 
its debt obligations, including the Notes.  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the relevant Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders, effect 
amendments necessary to give effect to any successor rate or alternative reference rate (as further described 
in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement) of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement) 
of the Subordinated Notes and the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes). 
Furthermore, the relevant Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Talons, any company that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the relevant Issuer (as further described in 
Condition 16 (Substitution) of the Senior Notes and Condition 13 (Substitution) of the Subordinated Notes and 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes). 
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some holders of 
such Notes may not agree. 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, income payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain, provided that the Spanish Issuer (or in the 
case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor, as the case may be) provides, pursuant to Spanish 
law, certain information at the relevant time in the Spanish language regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax 
authorities. The Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. The Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) will withhold Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes (as applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided at 
the relevant time and will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. The Agency 
Agreement (as defined herein) provides that the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the 
relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be 
modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, 
regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing system rules or 
procedures or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See "Taxation — The Kingdom of 
Spain". None of the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, provides that any payment of interest made under securities originally 
registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or by the 
legislation of another Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) country will be 
made with no withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes provided that the relevant information about the 
Notes is received by the Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor, 
as the case may be). In the opinion of the Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
the Guarantor), payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding of taxes in 
Spain provided that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted by the Fiscal Agent to it, 
notwithstanding the information obligations of the Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor, as the case may be) under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation, 
by virtue of which identification of Spanish investors may be provided to the Spanish tax authorities.

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by 
such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Spanish Issuer (or in the 
case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor) of withholding to payments made to Spanish 
residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Guarantor) will be bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will 
make the appropriate withholding and the Spanish Issuer (or in the case of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) will not, as a result, pay additional amounts. 
Risks relating to the Insolvency Law 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal) ("Insolvency Law") (which has been recently amended to implement the 
restructuring framework required by Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and other important changes to the insolvency proceedings in Spain) regulates pre-insolvency and court 
insolvency proceedings, as opposed to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has 
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not 
reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette, (ii) provisions 
in a contract granting one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency or the filing of a pre-insolvency communication (as stated in Article 585 of the Insolvency Law) 
will not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be 
suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date 
shall become subordinated. In the case of secured ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially 
privileged up to the value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (ii) interests shall keep accruing 
after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower of the limit of the secured amount and the value effectively 
covered by the relevant security, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may accrue 
after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency 
administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of secured default 
interests, (i) those accrued prior to the insolvency declaration shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the 
value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (ii) they shall not accrue after the declaration of 
insolvency, in accordance with Article 152.2 of the Insolvency Law. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even 
if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured 
dissenting creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed, converted into a different financial 
instrument or equity of the refinanced or insolvent debtor as well as any other company, converted into 
participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchanged for assets or rights of the insolvent or refinanced 
debtor not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as a result of the approval of a creditors' 
agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a restructuring plan that has been judicially sanctioned 
(homologado) without insolvency proceedings having been previously opened (e.g., restructuring plans which 
satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both scenarios (i) to the extent that certain 
qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in relation to the kind of claims or creditor 
apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). Any payments of interest in respect of debt securities will 
be subject to the subordination provisions of Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law. 
The majorities regime envisaged for a creditors' arrangement depends on (i) the type of the specific measure 
which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.), and (ii) on the 
part of claims to be affected (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as calculated 
pursuant to the rules established in the Insolvency Law). In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to 
vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, shall be always subject 
to the measures contained therein, if passed by the relevant majorities. For these purposes, liabilities held by 
those creditors considered specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) with the insolvent

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
debtor would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the approval 
of a composition agreement. 
On the other hand, all creditors that could be affected by a restructuring plan would be entitled to vote it, 
grouped in classes of creditors and subject to the fact cross-class cram-down is now available under the 
Insolvency Law. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to 
the Notes on an insolvency of the Spanish Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. 
Risks related to the Market generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes (if applicable) 
may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, 
and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuers.  
Although application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche 
of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes and, therefore, 
any prospective purchaser should be prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity or final redemption of such 
Notes.  
Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" are Senior Notes that may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest basis may affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Senior Notes as the change of interest basis may result in 
a lower return for investors. Where the Senior Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. Where the Senior Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on other Senior Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed 
above that may affect the value of the Notes and as such should not be relied upon by investors when making 
an investment decision. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA that is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Likewise, in general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Risks relating to the structure of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
An Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
and unsecured 
An Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, 
will be unsecured and subordinated obligations of such Issuer and will rank junior to the claims of 
unsubordinated and other subordinated creditors (including claims in respect of unsubordinated and other 
subordinated liabilities not reflected on the balance sheet) of such Issuer, except for subordinated creditors 
whose claims are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. See Condition 4 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated 
Notes and Condition 4 (Status, Guarantee and Subordination) of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes.  
In respect of the Subordinated Notes, pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law (as defined 
below), subordination contractual arrangements will be recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of 
the Spanish Issuer provided that such contractual subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the 
debtor is part of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Holder of Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes will, in the event of the Spanish Issuer being declared in insolvency (concurso) under the Spanish

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
Insolvency Law or the event of an Issuer Winding-up (as defined in the Conditions of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes) in respect of the Dutch Issuer, only be made after, all obligations of the relevant Issuer 
resulting from higher ranking claims have been satisfied. A Holder of Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may therefore recover less than the holders of unsubordinated or 
other subordinated liabilities of the relevant Issuer or payments to the Holder of Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may be delayed compared to holders of such other claims. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the Holder of any 
Subordinated Note or Guaranteed Subordinated Note, as the case may be, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off. Although subordinated debt securities may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt 
securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will lose all or some of its 
investment should the relevant Issuer become insolvent. 
There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of 
default or cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
as the case may be, if certain events occur. Accordingly, if an Issuer or the Guarantor fails to meet any 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any 
interest, Holders of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will not 
have the right to require the early redemption of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available 
to the Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall an Issuer or the 
Guarantor, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than 
the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
The Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are undated securities 
The Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are undated securities, with no specified maturity 
date. The relevant Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, at any time and the Holders have no right to require redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware 
that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, for an indefinite period of time and may not recover their investment 
in the foreseeable future. 
An Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in certain 
circumstances  
Holders should be aware that the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may 
be, may, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole or 
in part, on the dates and at the amounts set out in the relevant Conditions. This may include redemption at par 
or at the Make Whole Redemption Price, and will be paid together with Arrears of Interest. The relevant Issuer 
may also redeem Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, in whole but not 
in part, in certain other circumstances, including upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event, 
an Accounting Event, a Capital Event or a Change of Control Event to the extent specified in the relevant 
Conditions. 
The redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to 
redeem or is perceived to be able to redeem the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the 
case may be, the market value of the relevant Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be, when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The relevant redemption amount may be less than the then current market value of the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. 
In respect of an issuance of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes by the Dutch Issuer, the Netherlands implemented 
Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the "Pillar 2 Directive") by way of the Minimum tax act 2024 (Wet 
minimumbelasting 2024), which entered into force on 31 December 2023. The tax to be levied under the 
Minimum tax act 2024 will be levied in the form of a top-up tax. Based on the Minimum tax act 2024 as 
currently in force and the limited published guidance issued by the Dutch tax authorities in respect thereof, 
the Dutch Issuer's current understanding is that its entitlement to claim the benefit of tax deductions in respect 
of any interest payments under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes when computing its tax liabilities should 
not have been removed or materially reduced as a result of the entering into force of the Minimum tax act 
2024. Should there be any changes to Dutch law or in the official or generally published interpretation of any 
such law becoming effective after the date of this Base Prospectus, in relation to the implementation of the 
Pillar 2 Directive or otherwise, removing or materially reducing the Dutch Issuer's entitlement to claim tax 
deductions in respect of interest payments under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, such removal or 
reduction of any such entitlement may result in the occurrence of a Tax Event under the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and give rise to an option for the Dutch Issuer to redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or substitute or vary the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes as more fully set out in Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation) of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes, respectively. 
Changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes 
A Rating Agency may change its rating methodology or may apply a different set of criteria after the Issue 
Date (due to changes in the rating previously assigned to the Spanish Issuer or Dutch Issuer, as the case may 
be, or to any other reasons), and as a result (i) the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be, may no longer be eligible (or if such Notes have been partially or fully refinanced since the 
Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such rating agency in part or in full as a result, 
all or any of such Notes that would no longer have been eligible as a result of an amendment, clarification, 
change in hybrid capital methodology or change in the interpretation had they not been refinanced) for the 
same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributable to such Notes at the date of their issue or (ii) the length 
of time the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, are assigned a 
particular level of “equity credit” would be shortened as compared to the length of time they would have been 
assigned that level of “equity credit” on the initial issuance of such Notes, in which case the relevant Issuer 
may elect to redeem all of such Notes. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes as equity instruments may change which may result in the occurrence of 
an Accounting Event 
Following the publication in June 2018 by the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) of the 
discussion paper DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the DP/2018/1 Paper) 
and subsequent discussions, the IASB tentatively decided in February 2021 not to implement the changes to 
the classification of financial obligations that only arise on liquidation of the entity that were contemplated in 
the DP/2018/1 Paper. These changes were not included in the related exposure draft published by IASB in 
November 2023, although the exposure draft does suggest changing certain aspects of International 
Accounting Standards (“IAS”) 32 including the meaning of the term 'liquidation' in connection with contingent 
settlement provisions. If similar proposals to those contemplated by the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented or 
put forward in the future, or other changes are introduced as a result of the consultation being conducted on 
the current exposure draft, the current IFRS equity classification of financial instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may change. If such a change leads to an Accounting 
Event, (i) the Spanish Issuer will have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption for accounting reasons) of the Subordinated Notes or substitute or 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 13 (Substitution) of the Subordinated Notes 
and (ii) the Dutch Issuer will have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption for accounting reasons) of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
or substitute or vary the terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 13 (Substitution)

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. The period during which the relevant Issuer may 
notify the redemption of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as a 
result of the occurrence of an Accounting Event shall start on (and include) the Accounting Event Adoption 
Date, which is the earlier of such date that a change is officially announced by the IASB or the equivalent 
body in respect of International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-
EU”) or officially adopted or put into practice. 
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is 
uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes from an accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the 
occurrence of an Accounting Event, thereby providing the relevant Issuer with the option to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes pursuant to the relevant Conditions. 
An Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes 
An Issuer may, at its discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any payment of interest on the Subordinated 
Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. Any such deferral of interest payment shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. See Condition 6 (Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes 
and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, the payment of which is deferred will, so long as the same remains 
outstanding, constitute Arrears of Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes). Arrears of Interest will be payable as outlined in Conditions 6(b) (Optional 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest) and 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest) of the Subordinated 
Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes.  
While the deferral of payment of interest continues, an Issuer is not prohibited from making payments on any 
instrument ranking senior to the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, 
or, in certain limited circumstances, on certain instruments ranking pari passu or junior to the such Notes as 
outlined in Condition 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest) of the Subordinated Notes and 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, and in such event, the Noteholders are not entitled to claim immediate 
payment of interest so deferred. 
As a result of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
the market price of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the 
market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest payments are not subject to 
such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the relevant Issuer's financial 
condition. Investors should be aware that any deferral of interest payments or any perceived increase in the 
likelihood thereof may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. 
Substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
There is a risk that, after the issue of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, a Tax Event, 
a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event may occur which would entitle the relevant 
Issuer, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, to substitute or vary the 
relevant Notes (including the substitution of the Subordinated Notes for securities issued by a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Spanish Issuer resident in a tax jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain or the 
Netherlands), subject to certain conditions intended to protect the interests of the Noteholders, so that after 
such substitution or variation the relevant Notes remain or become, as the case may be, eligible for the same 
or (from the perspective of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) more favourable tax, accounting or ratings 
treatment than the treatment to which they were entitled prior to the relevant event occurring. While such 
substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, is 
subject to certain conditions intended to protect the interests of the Noteholders (as a class) there can be no 
assurance that such substitution or variation will not have an adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market 
for, the relevant Notes or the circumstances of individual Noteholders. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall 
not be obliged to have regard to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any 
such substitution or variation for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
from the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person, any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual Noteholders. Any such 
substitution or variation may have an adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market for, the Subordinated 
Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities or other liabilities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which the Spanish Issuer or Dutch Issuer 
may issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, respectively. The issue of any such securities, the granting of any such 
guarantees or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders on the insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of an Issuer and/or may increase the 
likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
as the case may be. 
If an Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse 
consequences, including loss of interest and, if such Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or not), the 
Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of an Issuer may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
A credit rating agency may change its methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in the future. This may include the relationship 
between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar 
to the Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes sometimes called “notching”. If the rating 
agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the 
Subordinated Notes or Guaranteed Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a 
negative impact on the trading price of such Notes. 
In addition, as a result of changes to hybrid capital criteria, Subordinated Notes, Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or other subordinated bonds issued by an Issuer that have been assigned a particular level of “equity 
credit” by a rating agency may no longer be eligible for “equity credit” from such rating agency in part or in 
full or the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributable to such bonds at the date of their issue (See 
"— Changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes or 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes") and this may result in a decline of the Guarantor’s credit rating, which may 
adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of the Group’s financing and the trading price of the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
On 10 February 2025, S&P Global Ratings published updated hybrid capital criteria stating that a corporate 
hybrid is no longer eligible for high or intermediate equity content if it has a feature (such as a sliding step-up 
date) that revises the effective maturity to an earlier date if the relevant issuer is downgraded. The Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes do not contain such a feature and while 
corporate hybrid securities issued on a stand-alone basis by the Dutch Issuer in 2020 and in 2021 were 
reclassified as having no “equity credit” as a result of containing such a feature, S&P Global Ratings has 
confirmed that they do not expect any impact on the Guarantor’s credit rating. While, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, such change to the hybrid capital criteria has not had any impact on the Guarantor’s credit 
rating, there can be no assurance that any future changes to hybrid capital criteria or the loss of a particular 
level of “equity credit” in respect of bonds issued by an Issuer or the Guarantor will not have an adverse impact 
on the credit rating of the Guarantor. 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are based on laws, tax 
practices, accounting and rating agencies methodologies in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to relevant law or 
administrative, tax, accounting practices or a change in the rating agencies methodologies after the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Risks relating to the structure of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes only 
The Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is a subordinated obligation 
The Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will be 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of the Guarantor being declared in 
insolvency (concurso) under the Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee 
will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Guarantor, 
except for obligations which rank equally with or junior to the Guarantee. See Condition 4 (Status, Guarantee 
and Subordination) of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
Holders of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are advised that unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor 
may also arise out of events that are not reflected on the balance sheet of the Guarantor including, without 
limitation, the issuance of guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. Claims made under such guarantees will 
become unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor that in the insolvency of the Guarantor will need to be paid 
in full before the obligations under the Guarantee may be satisfied. 
The Dutch Issuer may redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes after a Tax Event relating to the intra-
group loan 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will be on-lent by the Dutch Issuer to the 
Subordinated Loan Borrower pursuant to a Subordinated Loan (as defined in the Conditions of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and the relevant Final Terms). The Dutch Issuer may redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes in certain circumstances, including if, as a result of a Tax Law Change (as defined in the Conditions of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes), in respect of (i) the Dutch Issuer's obligation to make any payment under 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (including any Interest Payment) on the next following Interest Payment 
Date or (ii) the obligation of the Subordinated Loan Borrower to make any payment in favour of the Dutch 
Issuer under the Subordinated Loan on the next following due date for such payment, the Dutch Issuer or the 
Subordinated Loan Borrower (as the case may be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect 
of computing its tax liabilities in the Netherlands or in the Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be), or such 
entitlement is materially reduced. 
The direct connection between a Tax Event and the Subordinated Loan may limit the Dutch Issuer's ability to 
prevent the occurrence of a Tax Event, and may increase the possibility of the Dutch Issuer exercising its 
option to redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence thereof. 
The value and return of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a 
change in Dutch law or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands 
Condition 4(a) (Status of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the Coupons) and Condition 4(b) 
(Subordination of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes) are governed by Dutch law in effect as at the date of 
issue of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Dutch law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the 
rights of holders of securities issued by the Dutch Issuer, including the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Guaranteed Subordinated Notes affected by 
it.  
Furthermore, in the event that the Dutch Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be 
governed by the insolvency laws of the Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency 
laws) may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in 
its application to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the treatment and ranking of holders of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the Dutch Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders under the insolvency 
laws of the Dutch Issuer’s place of incorporation may be different from the treatment and ranking of holders 
of those Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the Dutch Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders if the Dutch 
Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. The application of the laws of 
the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction 
were applied or if the Dutch Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. This 
may lead to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have 
expected and may impact the return on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
1. 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Spanish Issuer 
(including the English language translation of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but 
excluding the consolidated directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2024, which has been approved by the board of directors of the Spanish Issuer on 26 
February 2025 (the "Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"), available for 
viewing on: 
https://www.abertis.com/filemanager/media-resource/download/4098 
2. 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Spanish Issuer 
(including the English language translation of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto), but 
excluding the consolidated directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2023, which has been approved by the board of directors of the Spanish Issuer on 27 
February 2024 and by the Spanish Issuer's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 9 April 2024 
(the "Spanish Issuer 2023 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts"), available for viewing on:   
https://abertis.com/media/web_abertis/8.%20CCAA%20Abertis%20Consolidadas_ENG_20240227
233953.pdf 
3. 
the audited financial statements of the Dutch Issuer (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto), but excluding the directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2024, which were approved by the board of directors of the Dutch Issuer on 12 March 
2025 (the "Dutch Issuer 2024 Audited Financial Statements"), available for viewing on:  
https://abertis.com/media/web_abertis/Abertis%20Infrastructuras%20Finance%20B.V%20unsigned
_20250313104458.pdf 
4. 
the audited financial statements of the Dutch Issuer (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto), but excluding the directors' report appended thereto, in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2023, which were approved by the board of directors of the Dutch Issuer on 29 April 2024 
(the "Dutch Issuer 2023 Audited Financial Statements"), available for viewing on:  
https://www.abertis.com/filemanager/media-resource/download/4006  
5. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 131 to 164 of the base prospectus dated 14 May 2024 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes" (the "2024 Terms and Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/c2b27777-d89f-
4f91-8158-cbd054d814ea.pdf  
6. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 92 of the base prospectus dated 9 March 2023 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "March 2023 Terms 
and Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202303/f29edfbf-1551-
4ace-8886-fe441570d41d.pdf 
7. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 4 to 55 of the supplement dated 27 January 2023 to the base 
prospectus dated 8 March 2022 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "January 2023 Terms and Conditions"), available for viewing on:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202301/9f488a3b-5a16-
4c2e-8c58-4d773bab9ab8.pdf

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
8. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 32 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 18 March 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c101a88c-b6a8-408e-bc06-c78935618ee1.pdf  
9. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 33 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 6 March 2019 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Terms and 
Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_47bfdbd4-aaa4-429a-95ef-f66c29f0c6fb.pdf  
The documents specified above have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of the documents 
specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Spanish Issuer. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant 
to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in 
any subsequent document which is also incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference or any supplement 
hereto, modifies or supersedes such a statement. Any statement so superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuers 
have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Pricing Supplement, that Pricing Supplement will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, amend, replace and/or complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of Pricing Supplement are the Conditions described in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
as amended, supplemented and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form 
(the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note 
duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in 
the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms 
of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes 
occurs.  
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes 
occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes" below, as 
applicable, and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where both the TEFRA D Rules are applicable and the Notes have 
a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement 
systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to 
the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new 
arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations 
if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes 
occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of 
the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses 
of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount 
of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of 
the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other 
duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been 
the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes" below, as applicable, and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
subject of Final Terms and which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than pursuant to one 
or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Spanish Issuer") has established a Guaranteed Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or a drawdown 
prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") or a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which 
amends, supplements and/or replaces these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. References in these Condition to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include references to the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Senior Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Spanish Issuer, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Senior Notes), The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes 
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Senior Notes), the paying 
agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Senior 
Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Senior Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the 
Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Senior Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 1 April 2025 
(the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Spanish Issuer. 
(e) 
The Senior Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Senior Notes" and "Notes" are to the 
Senior Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplements are available for viewing at the registered office of the Spanish Issuer and copies 
may be obtained from Paseo de la Castellana, 89, planta 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
(f) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Spanish Issuer will execute a public deed 
(escritura pública) (the "Public Deed") before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Senior Notes. 
The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest 
coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"acting in concert", for the purposes of Conditions 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 11(g) 
(Material Asset Sale Put Option), means persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal) co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the 
successful outcome of an offer for a company. A person and each of its affiliated persons will be deemed 
to be acting in concert with each other; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish 
Issuer) or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish 
Issuer) or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish Issuer) or the 
Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"Assurance Provider" means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of the Spanish Issuer from time 
to time appointed by the Spanish Issuer to audit the Spanish Issuer's financial statements; or (ii) a qualified 
provider of third party assurance or attestation services, appointed by the Spanish Issuer, with the 
expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the Assurance Provider under 
these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Spanish Issuer; 
"Baseline Year" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline and the Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, the 
period beginning on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019; and 
(b) 
in respect of the EVCP Baseline, 31 December 2021; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that 
such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally or in respect of the Senior Notes;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Spanish Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more 
than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Concession Agreements" means each of the concession agreements entered into between the Spanish 
state or the French State or any other state and a member of the Group in relation to the concessions for 
the operation of certain motorways or any other type of infrastructure; 
"control", for the purposes of Conditions 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) and 11(g) (Material Asset 
Sale Put Option), means where a person (or persons acting in concert) has direct or indirect control of the 
power to cast, or control the casting of, over 50 per cent. of the total voting rights conferred by all the 
issued shares in the capital of the entity in issue which are ordinarily exercisable at a general meeting; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Senior 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Senior Notes

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, provided however, that, if the 
remaining term of the Senior Notes to be redeemed is less than one year, a fixed maturity of one year 
shall be used; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Spanish Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate); 
"EVCP" means an electric vehicle charging point, the number of which at a recharging station determine 
the number of vehicles that can be recharged at that station at any given time;  
"EVCP Baseline" means 85 EVCPs, being the aggregate number of EVCPs present on infrastructure 
operated by the SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Concession Agreements as at the Baseline Year, 
provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the EVCP Baseline to reflect the 
occurrence of a Recalculation Event;  
"EVCP Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the 
relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the EVCP Increase in respect of the Target Observation Date for any Reference Year, as shown 
in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the EVCP Increase Threshold 
in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Spanish Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the EVCP 
Condition; 
"EVCP Event" occurs if the Spanish Issuer fails to satisfy the EVCP Condition, provided that no EVCP 
Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Spanish Issuer to satisfy the EVCP Condition as a result of 
a change in law or regulation with an impact on the installation and/or operation of EVCPs, as determined 
in good faith by the Spanish Issuer; 
"EVCP Increase" means, in respect of any Target Observation Date, the number by which the Number 
of EVCPs for such Target Observation Date exceeds the then current EVCP Baseline, as calculated in 
good faith by the Spanish Issuer, assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Spanish Issuer 
in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"EVCP Increase Threshold" means the threshold specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
EVCP Increase Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the 
Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as 
specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, 
recalculate the EVCP Increase Threshold (including such higher threshold) to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" (including all appendices thereto) published by 
the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent 
on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; 
Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 and 18 December 2024, 
and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield to the 
Yield Redemption Date calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Spanish Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing but, for the avoidance of 
doubt, excluding any and all amounts classified as a borrowing under the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) relating to (i) the payment of royalties 
under Concession Agreements and (ii) rents due pursuant to operational leases; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Spanish Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Senior Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Senior 
Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Limited-recourse Borrowing" means any Indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors thereof is 
limited to any or all of (a) the relevant project (or the concession or assets related thereto), (b) the share 
capital of, or other equity contribution to, the entity or entities developing, financing or otherwise directly 
involved in the relevant project; and (c) other credit support (including, without limitation, completion 
guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided in support of such indebtedness; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Spanish Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Spanish Issuer whose gross assets 
or gross revenues each exceed 20 per cent. of the Group's gross assets or gross revenues, respectively, as 
at the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group, where: 
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the gross assets 
owned or gross revenues generated by such Subsidiary (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Spanish Issuer's, direct or indirect, ownership percentage of such company; and 
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the gross assets 
or gross revenues of all members of the Group (in each case as determined by multiplying the 
gross assets owned or gross revenues generated by such members of the Group (on a standalone 
basis without double counting) by the Spanish Issuer's ownership percentage of such company),  
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered 
Notes);

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
"Notification Deadline" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Number of EVCPs" means the aggregate number of EVCPs:  
(a) 
present on any infrastructure which is operated as at the relevant Target Observation Date by the 
SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Concession Agreements; and  
(b) 
installed by the SLB Reporting Group on any infrastructure which was since the Baseline Year 
(and as at the relevant Target Observation Date no longer is) operated by the SLB Reporting 
Group pursuant to Concession Agreements, 
in each case, calculated in good faith by the Spanish Issuer in respect of any Target Observation Date, 
provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Number of EVCPs to reflect 
the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Conditions hereto and in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, by any of 
the Spanish Issuer and/or one or more Material Subsidiaries (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
reorganisation involving the Spanish Issuer or a Material Subsidiary and a Shareholder or a Subsidiary 
of a Shareholder), by means of: 
(a) 
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or partial) (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, a Target Merger); or 
(b) 
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind of disposal 
of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(c) 
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not effected through a 
capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; or 
(d) 
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or 
(e) 
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a Material Subsidiary) 
or a part (in the case of the Spanish Issuer or a Material Subsidiary) of its business (whether in 
the form of property or assets, including any receivables, shares, interest or other equivalents or 
corporate stock held or otherwise owned directly or indirectly by the Spanish Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary, as applicable) at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of the 
board of directors of the Spanish Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as applicable, to be 
made (or have been made) on arm's length terms, provided that, in each case, following such 
sale, transfer lease, exchange or disposal, the Group shall carry on the whole or substantially the 
whole of the business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or businesses reasonably 
related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereto, 
provided, however, that (i) in any such reorganisation affecting the Spanish Issuer, the Spanish Issuer 
shall maintain or any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all the 
obligations under the relevant Notes, including the obligation to pay any additional amounts under 
Condition 16 (Taxation), and (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall 
have occurred it shall (if capable of remedy) have been cured; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means (i) any Security Interest in existence as at the relevant Issue Date 
to the extent that it secures Relevant Indebtedness of the Spanish Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
outstanding on such date; (ii) any Security Interest upon the shares (or equity equivalent) the Spanish 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary holds in, or its rights under a loan made to, a Project Entity for the 
benefit of the holders of the Relevant Indebtedness of such Project Entity; (iii) in the case of any entity 
which becomes a Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, which is deemed to become a Material 
Subsidiary) of any member of the Group after the Issue Date of the Senior Notes, any Security Interest 
securing Relevant Indebtedness existing over its assets at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary or 
Material Subsidiary, as applicable, provided that the Security Interest was not created in contemplation 
of or in connection with it becoming a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as applicable, and the amounts 
secured have not been increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; (iv) any Security Interest 
created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security Interest is created over the assets 
into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted and secures only the obligations of the 
Spanish Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, to effect the conversion of the bonds or 
notes into such assets; (v) any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness created in substitution of 
any Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above over the same or substituted assets 
provided that (1) the principal amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the principal 
amount outstanding and secured by the previous Security Interest and (2) in the case of substituted assets, 
the market value of the substituted assets as at the time of substitution does not exceed the market value 
of the assets replaced (as determined by an independent adviser of international repute appointed by the 
Spanish Issuer); and (vi) any Security Interest other than Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) 
to (v) above directly or indirectly securing Relevant Indebtedness, where the principal amount of such 
Relevant Indebtedness (taken on the date such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred) which is secured or is 
otherwise directly or indirectly preferred to other general unsecured financial indebtedness of the Spanish 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, does not exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the 
total net shareholders' equity of the Group (as disclosed in the most recent annual audited or half-year 
unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Group); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Entity" means a company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, association, 
organisation or trust whose principal business is constituted by the ownership, acquisition, development, 
operation or maintenance of an asset or a project; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Senior Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
their respective successors and/or, any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the Spanish 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), in each case, solicited by (or with 
the consent of) the Spanish Issuer; 
"Recalculation Event" means, in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 
3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and 
EVCP Increase Threshold (in each case, the "Relevant Value") the occurrence of any of the following: 
(a) 
a methodology change that significantly impacts the Relevant Value, including updated emission 
factors, improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols;  
(b) 
a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors that together have a 
significant impact; or 
(c) 
a structural change to the SLB Reporting Group that has a significant impact, including as a result 
of acquisitions, mergers or divestments or the outsourcing or insourcing of business activities, 
(the date of occurrence of each of the above, the "Recalculation Date"), 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, a qualified second party opinion 
provider appointed by the Spanish Issuer reviews any recalculation or redetermination of the Relevant 
Value and confirms that it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, the 
original Relevant Value.  
As of the Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace the original Relevant Value and 
any reference to the Relevant Value in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the updated Relevant Value, it being understood that in the absence of such confirmation by a qualified 
second party opinion provider the original Relevant Value shall continue to apply. By purchasing the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for itself and any and all 
successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably authorised the Spanish Issuer to make any such 
recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms (including amounts payable in accordance with 
Conditions 11(f) and 11(g)); 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
"Redemption Premium Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Premium Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event, a Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or an EVCP Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four major banks selected by the Spanish Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five, but more than 
one, such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the amount of 
that quotation so received or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Spanish Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate; 
"Reference Year(s)" means the Reporting Year(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Reference Year(s); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, certificate or other security which is for the time being, or is capable of being listed or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market) and which does not constitute Limited-recourse Borrowing; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reporting Requirements" means in respect of each Target Observation Period or Target Observation 
Date, as applicable, for any Reporting Year, the requirement that the Spanish Issuer publishes on its 
website: 
(a) 
(I) where a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event is applicable, the then current Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage; (II) where a Scope 3 Emissions Event is applicable, the then current Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Ratio and the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage; and (III) 
where an EVCP Event is applicable, the then current EVCP Baseline, Number of EVCPs and the 
EVCP Increase, as well as in each case, the relevant calculation methodology (including any 
recalculation or redetermination as a result of a Recalculation Event and any Transaction 
Exclusion), which may be included in the annual report or non-financial statements of the 
Spanish Issuer (the "SLB Progress Report"); and 
(b) 
an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the "Assurance Report") in respect of 
the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage, Scope 
3 Emissions Ratio, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage, Number of EVCPs and EVCP Increase 
specified in the SLB Progress Report, as the case may be (including any recalculation or 
redetermination thereof as a result of a Recalculation Event and any Transaction Exclusion). 
In order to comply with each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition 
and/or the EVCP Condition, the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report will be published no

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
later than the Notification Deadline in relation to the relevant Target Observation Period or Target 
Observation Date, as applicable; 
"Reporting Year" means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each calendar year, 
commencing with the calendar year in which such Senior Notes are issued; 
"Requisite Number of Rating Agencies" means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the 
rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Senior 
Notes or to the Spanish Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade 
or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Senior Notes or to 
the Spanish Issuer; 
"Reserved Noteholder Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Senior Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any 
date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Senior Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the 
Senior Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions" means, collectively: 
(a) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by the SLB Reporting Group 
("Scope 1"); and 
(b) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity purchased or otherwise 
acquired by the SLB Reporting Group calculated using the market-based approach ("Scope 2"), 
in each case, in accordance with and subject to the definition of such Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in 
the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount" means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated in good faith 
by the Spanish Issuer in respect of any Target Observation Period, assured by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by the Spanish Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that the Spanish Issuer may, 
acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount in accordance with the GHG 
Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline" means 95,381 tCO2e, being the sum of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
of the SLB Reporting Group during the Baseline Year, provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in 
good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the 
relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Target Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Spanish Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event" occurs if the Spanish Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition, provided that no Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Spanish 
Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition as a result of a change in law or regulation with 
an impact on the SLB Reporting Group’s Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, as determined in good faith by the 
Spanish Issuer; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 1 and

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
2 Emissions Amount for such Target Observation Period is reduced in comparison to the then current 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Spanish Issuer, assured by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Spanish Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date 
specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase 
Notice, provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions" means indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to the purchase of goods and 
services by the SLB Reporting Group, in accordance with and subject to the definition of scope 3 
emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 Emissions do not 
include any other item (other than the purchase of goods and services) specified for the calculation of 
scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Baseline" means 8.3, being the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of the Scope 3 
Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group and (b) the number of kilometres (calculated in millions) travelled 
by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group, in each case, during the Baseline 
Year, provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions 
Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of 
a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the 
relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Target Observation Period for any Reference 
Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Spanish Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 3 
Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Event" occurs if the Spanish Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions Condition, 
provided that no Scope 3 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Spanish Issuer to satisfy 
the Scope 3 Emissions Condition as a result of (a) a change in law or regulation with an impact on the 
SLB Reporting Group’s Scope 3 Emissions or (b) the application of or a change in law or regulation 
imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions affecting infrastructure operated by the SLB 
Reporting Group, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Spanish Issuer; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target Observation Period, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 3 Emissions Ratio 
for such Target Observation Period is reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 3 Emissions 
Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Spanish Issuer, assured by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by the Spanish Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant 
Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold 
Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that the 
Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
(including such higher threshold) in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to 
reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Emissions Ratio" means the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of the Scope 3 Emissions 
excluding any increase in greenhouse gas emissions related to (i) unforeseeable and non-recurring capital 
expenditure and/or maintenance works in respect of the SLB Reporting Group’s infrastructure and (ii)

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
investments by the SLB Reporting Group for concession extensions and (b) the number of kilometres 
(calculated in millions) travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group, in 
each case, as calculated in good faith by the Spanish Issuer in respect of each Target Observation Period, 
assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Spanish Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report; provided that the Spanish Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions 
Ratio in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Shareholders" means Atlantia S.p.A., ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and Hochtief 
Aktiengesellschaft. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SLB Reporting Group" means in respect of the Baseline Year or any Reporting Year (including any 
Reference Year): 
(a) 
in respect of any determination relating to a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or a Scope 3 
Emissions Event, the Spanish Issuer and the Subsidiaries of the Spanish Issuer included in the 
scope of non-financial information published by the Spanish Issuer in respect of such year, and 
subject to the application of the GHG Protocol Standard and the “operational control” approach 
described therein, in each case, as determined by the Spanish Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of any determination relating to an EVCP Event, the Group at the relevant time, 
provided that if a member of the Group makes any acquisition, investment, divestment or disposal (a 
“Transaction”), the Spanish Issuer may exclude such Transaction from the determination of the SLB 
Reporting Group for a period that is no longer than two years following the completion of such 
Transaction (a “Transaction Exclusion”); 
"Step Up Date" means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of the next following 
Interest Period; 
"Step Up Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event, a Scope 3 
Emissions Event and/or an EVCP Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Step Up Margin(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin(s); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Spanish Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
for the avoidance of doubt, entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the Shareholders but not 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Spanish Issuer, are not Subsidiaries of the Spanish Issuer;

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Sustainability-Linked Note Condition" means the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 
Emissions Condition and/or the EVCP Condition; 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes" means the Senior Notes which are Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and/or Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, as applicable; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system;  
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"Target Merger" means a merger of Abertis Participaciones, S.A. and Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., 
with either Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. or Abertis Participaciones, S.A. as the surviving entity; 
"Target Observation Date" means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Reference Year), 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
"Target Observation Period" means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and ending on 31 
December in the previous calendar year; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
"Yield Redemption Date" means (a) if Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Par Redemption Date or (b) in all other cases, the Maturity Date; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Senior Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Senior Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Senior Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 16 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 16 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Senior Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes;

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(ix) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or 
a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require); and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Spanish Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Spanish Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
Status of the Senior Notes: The Senior Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Spanish Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Spanish Issuer (unless 
they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el 
que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent 
legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other outstanding, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Spanish Issuer, present and future. 
5. 
Negative Pledge  
 So long as any Notes, or any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; 
(b) 
the Spanish Issuer shall procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of such Material 
Subsidiaries' present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any 
Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of any person; and 
(c) 
neither the Spanish Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall give any Guarantee of any Relevant 
Indebtedness of any person (other than a Subsidiary of the Spanish Issuer),  
in each case, without at the same time or prior thereto, securing or guaranteeing the Senior Notes and 
Coupons equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the Senior Notes as may be 
approved by the Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Senior Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Senior Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments 
– Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Senior Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Senior Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount and, if the Senior Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(e) shall apply to Notes 
which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The 
relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall 
cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Spanish 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) and, if the Senior Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate Determination 
and referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Senior Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Senior Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments 
– Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Senior Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Senior Notes for each Interest Period will other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or 
€STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate or rates in accordance with the process 
specified in sub-paragraphs (iv) and (v) below as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Senior Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Senior Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period (subject, where 
applicable, to substituting the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, alternatively, if 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the 
initial Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Senior Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in 
relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference 
banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant 
determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by 
the Spanish Issuer or its designee)) and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the 
meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Spanish Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Spanish Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(H) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is EUR-EURIBOR or EUR-EURIBOR Reuters 
and an Index Cessation Event occurs, the Applicable Fallback Rate will be determined 
as if the Fallback Observation Day in respect of a Reset Date and the relevant Interest 
Period was five Business Days preceding the related Interest Payment Date;  
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Senior Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the 
case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not 
be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7 where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined and where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Senior Notes is not SOFR (nor 
the then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR) and if the Spanish Issuer (to the extent 
practicable, in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
then the following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Spanish Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Senior Notes.  
(ii) 
if (A) the Spanish Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Spanish Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate.  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(h)); 
provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies and the Spanish Issuer is unable to 
or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Senior Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to substituting the relevant Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding 
Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest 
Period; for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(h). 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as 
applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest 
Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Senior Notes, and 
the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Senior Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable).  
(v) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
7(h), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish Issuer) or the Spanish Issuer (as 
applicable) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread). The 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), subject to any further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 7(h).

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Spanish 
Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 7(h) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"). Consent of the Holders of the relevant Notes 
shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) or Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out in this Condition 7(h), 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required). 
(vii) 
The Spanish Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice 
thereof to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders, which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
(viii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Spanish Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Spanish Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, 
the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(h); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Spanish 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Spanish Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
7A.  
Interest – Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate Determination and referencing SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR 
(a) 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR and Index Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as not applicable:  
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Senior Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), as the case 
may be, and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; and

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Senior Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), as the case 
may be, and subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(ii) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent 
shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Spanish Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent 
practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase obligations or duties of the 
Calculation Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Senior Notes, for so 
long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(iii) 
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to Condition 
7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(iv) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to Condition 
7(h) (Benchmark replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference 
Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(v) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 7(h) 
(Benchmark replacement) or Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), as the 
case may be, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period 
for the Senior Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
for the first Interest Period had the Senior Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Senior Notes, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(vi) 
If the relevant Senior Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 16, the last 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A(vii): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references 
in these Conditions to interest on the Senior Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date 
shall be read as reference to interest on the Senior Notes being payable on an Effective Interest 
Payment Date instead. 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(i) 
where Lag, Lockout or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Observation Period. 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New 
York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by 
law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate, a 
TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑖 − 𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
ቁ − 1 
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
቏x 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, on or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day. 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"Lockout Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date. 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Senior Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Lookback Period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(ii) 
where Lockout is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
and 
(iii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Lookback Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days). 
"r" means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(iii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(iv) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Lockout is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business Day 
in the Lockout Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(v) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and Lockout 
is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business Day 
in the Lockout Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(vi) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and Lockout 
is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Business Day 
in the Lockout Period), the €STR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(vii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and 
Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of 
the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
(viii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and Payment 
Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR 
in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest 
Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(ix) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and Payment 
Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR 
in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest 
Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date. 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lockout Period. 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, (i) 
where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the Observation Method, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i". 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the "SOFR 
Determination Time") on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day.

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(ii) 
where Lockout is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number 
of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lockout Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lockout Period will be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first 
day of such Lockout Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(b) 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Senior Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin: 
( 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Compounded Index or 
€STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant Compounded 
Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined. 
"€STR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily €STR rate as published at 9:15 a.m. (Central 
European Time) by the European Central Bank (or a successor administrator of €STR) on the European 
Central Bank's Market Information Dissemination (MID) platform and Statistical Data Warehouse, or 
any successor source. 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days and in the case of the €STR 
Compounded Index, TARGET Settlement Days. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index and the €STR Compounded 
Index. 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the fifth 
decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR Compounded Index, and the 
seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if 
necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards). 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR Compounded Index, and two in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index. 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 a.m. 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of SOFR, as 
the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or 
Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 7A(a) (Screen Rate Determination 
for FRNs referencing SONIA, SOFR and €STR) as if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA 
in the case of SONIA Compounded Index, €STR in the case of €STR Compounded Index and SOFR in 
the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded 
Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation 
Lookback Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator 
and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Spanish Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA or 
€STR, the provisions of Condition 7(h) (Benchmark replacement) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect 
of this Condition 7A(b) or if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provision of Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 7A(b), as applicable.

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
(c) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Senior Notes 
is SOFR (or the then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR), in addition and notwithstanding the 
provisions above in Condition 5(d), as applicable, this Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Spanish Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Senior 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Spanish Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Spanish Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 7A(c) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Spanish Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Senior Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. None of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents will have any liability for any determination 
made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event 
or a Benchmark Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any 
adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor 
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and each Paying 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will 
have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Spanish Issuer or its designee. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Spanish Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period), or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Senior Notes, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Senior Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Senior 
Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A(c): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Spanish Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Spanish Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date.

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (II) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (I) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (II) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Spanish Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (II) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Spanish Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Spanish Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Spanish Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Spanish Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Spanish Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Spanish Issuer or its designee 
determine is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later 
of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states 
that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Spanish Issuer as designee for 
the Senior Notes in writing. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (I) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (II) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Spanish Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Senior Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Senior Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the due date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
10. 
Step Up Event 
This Condition 10 (Step Up Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate 
that the Step Up Event is applicable (the "Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes"). The Rate of Interest 
for Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes applying Screen Rate Determination and referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR)), Condition 7A (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR) or Condition 9 (Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions), as applicable, and in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount 
with respect to any Interest Period commencing following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Rate of 
Interest, in the case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the Margin, in the case that the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, shall be increased by the applicable Step Up Margin 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Spanish Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of a Step Up Event or satisfaction of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of a Step Up Event, by no later 
than the Step Up Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of Interest (in the case 
that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable) or the Margin (in the case that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable) and, in the case of a Step Up Event, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest resulting from a Step Up Event may occur 
only once in respect of Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Step Up Margin will not 
subsequently increase or decrease. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest, in the 
case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the Margin, in the case that the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin from the Interest Period 
commencing following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, but there shall be no further change to the 
Step Up Margin regardless of whether or not either such condition is subsequently satisfied or ceases to 
be satisfied. 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred 
or have any liability in respect thereof. 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Senior Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 
14 (Payments – Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Spanish Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Spanish Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes; and

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Spanish Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Senior Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date 
on which the Spanish Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Senior Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Senior Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Spanish Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Senior Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Spanish Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Spanish Issuer stating that the 
Spanish Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Spanish Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Spanish Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Spanish Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Senior Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Spanish Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part. Such Senior Notes may be redeemed on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) on the Spanish Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Spanish Issuer to redeem the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Senior Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Spanish Issuer by the Determination Agent (if 
applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) 
the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as 
reported in writing to the Spanish Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the 
yield to the Yield Redemption Date of such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference 
Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent.  
In respect of a redemption of Sustainability-Linked Notes and, either, the calculation of the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) (and the Final Redemption Amount for this purpose) or, as the case may be, 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to the 
Yield Redemption Date for the purpose of the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount or Non-Sterling

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Make Whole Redemption Amount, as applicable, if the most recently published SLB Progress Report 
and Assurance Report for a Reporting Year preceding such notice of redemption shows that the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition and/or the EVCP Condition, has not been 
satisfied where such Reporting Year is a Reference Year or as applicable, would not have been satisfied 
had such Reporting Year been a Reference Year then:  
(1)  
the Rate of Interest, in the case that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable, or the Margin, 
in the case that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, shall be increased by the 
relevant Step Up Margin(s) (in each case, from the date that would have been the Step Up Date 
had a redemption of the Senior Notes not occurred); and/or  
(2)  
the Final Redemption Amount in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes 
shall be deemed to have increased by the Redemption Premium Amount.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, then the 
Make Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal of the Senior Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Senior Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Senior 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, 
the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Senior Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Senior Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Spanish Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 11(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11(e), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
11(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such 
Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of Control Put Option: If Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control 
and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of 
Control Period), or

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, the Spanish Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating 
Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control 
Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Spanish Issuer gives notice to redeem the Senior Notes under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer) or 11(j) (Illegality)) to require the Spanish 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Spanish Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on 
the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes 
together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert, in each case other than the Shareholders or any person or persons acting on behalf of the 
Shareholders, acquire(s) control directly or indirectly of the Spanish Issuer. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Senior Notes or to the Spanish 
Issuer by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the 
Senior Notes or to the Spanish Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment 
grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to 
BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to 
an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the 
case of (z)) by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency making the 
reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, 
informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that the lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment 
grade rating was the result of the applicable Change of Control. If on the Relevant Announcement Date 
the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least 
one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Spanish Issuer does not on or 
before the 90th calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or 
(ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period 
and as a result of the relevant Change of Control, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its 
equivalent for the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms or, 
having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that the failure to 
assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Spanish Issuer or any bidder or any designated 
advisor, of the relevant Change of Control, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date 
(such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Spanish 
Issuer or the Senior Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period 
commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial 
Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes under consideration 
for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change 
of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date 
of such public announcement by such Rating Agency.  
Promptly upon the Spanish Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the 
Spanish Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option 
contained in this Condition 11(f). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Spanish Issuer within the period (the 
"Change of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal 
Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 11(f). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Spanish Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Spanish Issuer procure the purchase of, the Senior Notes in respect of which the 
Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer 
of such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Spanish Issuer as described above 
by the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
"Optional Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional 
Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Spanish Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(g) 
Material Asset Sale Put Option: If at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, within the Material Asset Sale Period, a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs (such Material Asset 
Sale and Rating Downgrade not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Material 
Asset Sale Period), or  
(B) 
a Material Asset Sale (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Material Asset 
Sale, the Spanish Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event 
in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs, 
(each, a "Material Asset Sale Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Material Asset 
Sale Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Spanish Issuer gives notice to redeem the Senior Notes under Condition 11(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer) or 11(j) (Illegality)) to require the 
Spanish Issuer to redeem or, at the Spanish Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its 
Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding of such 
Notes together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(g): 
A "Material Asset Sale" shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time following the Issue Date of the 
Senior Notes, the Spanish Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or some of the shares of one 
or more Principal Subsidiaries with the result that the Spanish Issuer ceases to have control over such 
Principal Subsidiaries.  
"Principal Subsidiary" means any member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) 
which accounts for more than 30. per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group as of the date of 
the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group (the "Most Recent 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group"), where:  
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the EBITDA 
generated by such member of the Group (or members of the Group taken together) (on a 
standalone basis without double counting) by the Spanish Issuer's ownership percentage of such 
company; and

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the EBITDA of 
all members of the Group, (in each case as determined by multiplying the assets owned or 
revenues generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Spanish Issuer's ownership percentage of such company), 
in each case as set forth in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
"EBITDA", in relation to any Material Asset Sale, means profit (loss) from operations plus the 
depreciation and amortisation charge and changes in impairments losses on assets, in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union) by reference to the most 
recent annual audited financial accounts of the Group preceding the relevant Material Asset Sale. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Material Asset Sale if (within 
the Material Asset Sale Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Senior Notes or to the Spanish 
Issuer by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the 
Senior Notes or to the Spanish Issuer by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment 
grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to 
BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not within the Material Asset Sale Period 
subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to 
an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the 
case of (z)) by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency making the 
reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, 
informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that the withdrawal, lowering of the rating or the failure to assign 
an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Material Asset Sale. If on the Relevant 
Announcement Date the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes carry a credit rating from more than one 
Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not 
apply. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Spanish Issuer does not on or 
before the 90th calendar day after the start of the Material Asset Sale Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or 
(ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Material Asset Sale Period 
and as a result of the relevant Material Asset Sale, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or 
its equivalent for the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms 
or, having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that the failure 
to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Material Asset Sale. 
"Material Asset Sale Period" means the period beginning on the date of the Formal Material Asset Sale 
Announcement (the "Relevant Announcement Date") and ending 90 days after the Relevant 
Announcement Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other 
Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its 
rating of the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time 
during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending 
on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes under 
consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the Formal Material Asset Sale 
Announcement, the Material Asset Sale Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the 
date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency.  
"Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement" means the first of any formal public announcements of 
the occurrence of the relevant Material Asset Sale in respect of the Spanish Issuer.  
Promptly upon the Spanish Issuer becoming aware that a Material Asset Sale Put Event has occurred, the 
Spanish Issuer shall give notice (a "Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Material Asset Sale and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Material Asset Sale Put Option 
contained in this Condition 11(g). 
To exercise the Material Asset Sale Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Material Asset

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
Sale Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Spanish Issuer within the period (the 
"Material Asset Sale Put Period") of 45 days after a Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the 
Fiscal Agent (a "Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder may specify a 
bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 11(g). 
A Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Spanish Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Spanish Issuer procure the purchase of, the Senior Notes in respect of which the 
Material Asset Sale Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer 
of such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Spanish Issuer as described above 
by the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Material Asset Sale Put Period (the 
"Optional Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional 
Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Material Asset Sale Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Spanish Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Material Asset Sale 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(h) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Spanish Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (or 
such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Senior Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which 
shall be no earlier than three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes or such shorter time 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Par Redemption Date"). 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of the Senior Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Spanish Issuer, the Spanish Issuer may, at 
its option (the "Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days' notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued up to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in Spanish law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Spanish Issuer to 
perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the relevant Senior Notes, the Spanish Issuer 
will, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
Notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Senior Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date of such redemption.  
(k) 
No other redemption: The Spanish Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Senior Notes otherwise than 
as provided in Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 11(j) (Illegality) above. 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 11(l) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(m) 
Purchase: The Spanish Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Spanish Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and 
any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
12. 
Redemption Premium Event 
This Condition 12 (Redemption Premium Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Event is applicable (the "Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes"). If a Redemption Premium Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and a Redemption Premium Event has occurred, then upon redemption of any 
Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with these Conditions, each such 
Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed at its applicable Redemption 
Amount plus the Redemption Premium Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms and applicable to 
such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and references to the applicable Redemption 
Amount in these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether the condition set out in sub-paragraph (b) of 
each Sustainability-Linked Note Condition has been satisfied in respect of a Target Observation Date or 
a Target Observation Period may only occur following the publication of the SLB Progress Report for 
such Target Observation Date or a Target Observation Period or, if later, following the Notification 
Deadline for such Target Observation Date or Target Observation Period, as the case may be. 
The Spanish Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of a Redemption Premium Event or satisfaction of 
the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
24 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence. Such notice shall be irrevocable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of the relevant Redemption Premium Amount may occur only 
once in respect of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant Redemption 
Premium Amount may not subsequently be disapplied, reduced or increased, regardless of whether or not 
either the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is subsequently satisfied or ceases to be satisfied. 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Redemption Premium Event 
has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
13. 
Threshold Increase 
The Spanish Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to 
increase the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold with respect to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Spanish Issuer 
will give notice of such increase to the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable (a 
"Threshold Increase Notice"). Any Threshold Increase Notice shall be unconditional and irrevocable 
(subject only to any subsequent Threshold Increase Notice further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold, 
if applicable) and shall specify the date on which any such increase is effective (the "Threshold Increase 
Effective Date"), which for the avoidance of doubt may be the date of the Threshold Increase Notice or 
such other date as may be specified. On the relevant Threshold Increase Effective Date, the increase of 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or 
the EVCP Increase Threshold, as applicable, will be effective and binding on the Spanish Issuer and the 
Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Sustainability-Linked Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold, as applicable, made in accordance 
with this Condition 13, without the need of any consent of the Noteholders.

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
14. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 14 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Spanish Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Senior Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable 
U.S. law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Senior Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment.

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 14(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 11 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 17 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 18 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
15. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 15 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 15 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Spanish Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount 
and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
16. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Spanish Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Spanish Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection 
with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of the Note if the Spanish Issuer 
does not receive in a timely manner certain information about the Senior Notes of such holder as 
it is required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended, and any implementing legislation or regulation. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Spanish Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Spanish 
Issuer on the Senior Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and neither the Spanish Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.  
17. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Spanish Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Senior Notes or 
fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Senior Notes, in each case on the due date for payment 
thereof and such failure continues for fifteen (15) days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Spanish Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Senior Notes, if such default remains unremedied for 60 days 
after written notice thereof, addressed to the Spanish Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Spanish Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to comply 
with the Reporting Requirements or a failure to reach the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the EVCP Increase Threshold will not of itself 
constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) of the Spanish 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of any event of default (howsoever described); or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing) is not paid when due or, as the 
case may be, within any applicable grace period; or 
(iii) 
the Spanish Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due and upon the expiry of any 
applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowing); 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this sub-paragraph (c) have occurred equals or 
exceeds €150,000,000) in aggregate principal amount or its equivalent; or 
(d) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Spanish Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than in relation to Permitted Security Interest) and is not discharged 
or stayed within 180 days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order from 
which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment of any 
amount in excess of €150,000,000 or its equivalent, whether individually or in aggregate, is rendered 
against the Spanish Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where the 
Spanish Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is incorporated and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a 
period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than in respect of any 
Limited recourse Borrowing), present or future, securing an amount equal to or in excess of €150,000,000, 
created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Spanish 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the 
taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(g) 
Insolvency: the Spanish Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(h) 
Insolvency Proceedings: any corporate action or legal proceedings is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the several suspensions of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, administration or 
reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the 
Spanish Issuer (other than a solvent liquidation or pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation of such 
persons); or

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a composition, assignment or arrangement with all creditors of the Spanish Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the bankruptcy, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver 
or other similar officer in respect of the Spanish Issuer, or any of the assets of the Spanish Issuer 
in connection with any insolvency proceedings; or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Spanish Issuer, 
provided that any such corporate action or legal proceedings which is not initiated, approved or 
consented to by the Spanish Issuer, is not discharged or stayed within 180 days; or 
(i) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Spanish Issuer, or the Spanish Issuer or any successor resulting from a Permitted 
Reorganisation ceases, or through an official action of its board of directors threatens to cease, to carry 
on, directly or indirectly, the whole or substantially the whole of the business the Spanish Issuer carried 
on directly (on a non-consolidated basis) at the relevant Issue Date (otherwise than for the purposes of, 
or pursuant to, a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Spanish Issuer and delivered 
to the Spanish Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
18. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
19. 
Substitution 
The Spanish Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Senior Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons, any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Spanish 
Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Senior Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time 
overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 16 (Form of Deed Poll), and may take place only if (i) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in 
or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have 
been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Senior Notes and Coupons shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the 
Spanish Issuer by means of the Deed Poll and a deed of guarantee substantially in the form scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement as Schedule 17 (Form of Deed of Guarantee) (the "Deed of Guarantee"), (iii) all 
action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any 
necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Senior Notes, Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant 
and Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Documents") represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and/or the guarantor (as applicable), and in the case of the Deed Poll and the 
Deed of Guarantee have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute 
shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as 
if it had been an original party to it, (v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing 
has been addressed to the Spanish Issuer and delivered by the Spanish Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the 
effect that the Documents and, as the case may be, the Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, legally binding

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the Spanish Issuer as guarantor, 
and (vi) the Spanish Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the 
substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (save 
that in the case of legal opinion in paragraph (v) such opinion shall only be available for inspection on a 
non-reliance basis). References in Condition 17 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Senior Notes 
shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee and the events 
listed in Condition 17 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being 
claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect and the provisions of Conditions 17(c) (Cross-
default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary) to 17(i) (Change of Business) inclusive shall be deemed to apply 
in addition to the guarantor. 
20. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Senior Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), 
subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Spanish Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
21. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Senior Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Spanish Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Spanish Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Spanish Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Senior Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Spanish Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or 
a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
22. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Senior Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Spanish Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Senior Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Noteholder Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at 
any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Senior Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties 
to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Spanish Issuer shall not 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless, in the opinion of the 
Spanish Issuer (acting in good faith), it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Spanish Issuer (acting in good faith), not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Condition 7(h) 
(Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of Floating 
Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for 
consent of the Noteholders. 
23. 
Further Issues 
The Spanish Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Senior Notes. 
24. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
25. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
26. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Senior Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Senior Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status), which is governed 
by Spanish law.

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Senior Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising 
out of or in connection with the Senior Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Spanish Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 26(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any court 
of a Member State under the Brussels Ia Regulation (in accordance with Chapter II, Sections 1 and 2 
thereof) or of a State that is a party to the Lugano II Convention (in accordance with Title II, Sections 1 
and 2 thereof). To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number 
of competent jurisdictions in accordance with this Condition 26. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Spanish Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London EC4A 4AB, or 
to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or 
Wales as the Spanish Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
For the purposes of this Condition 26: 
"Brussels Ia Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters, as amended; and 
"Lugano II Convention" means the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters, signed on 30 October 2007.

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
endorsed on each Subordinated Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche 
of Subordinated Notes the subject of Final Terms and which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State 
(other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace 
any information in this Base Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of Subordinated Notes may supplement, 
amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Subordinated Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Subordinated Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (the "Spanish Issuer") has established a Guaranteed Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Subordinated Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") or a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") or a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") which amends, supplements and/or replaces these Conditions. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Subordinated Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. References in these Condition to "Final Terms" 
shall be deemed to include references to the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Subordinated Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying 
agency agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Spanish Issuer, The Bank 
of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Subordinated Notes), The Bank 
of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Subordinated Notes), 
the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Subordinated Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to 
the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Subordinated Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 1 
April 2025 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Spanish Issuer. 
(e) 
The Subordinated Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Subordinated Notes" and 
"Notes" are to the Subordinated Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplements are available for viewing at the registered office of the 
Spanish Issuer and copies may be obtained from Paseo de la Castellana, 89, planta 9, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain. 
(f) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Spanish Issuer will execute a public deed 
(escritura pública) (the "Public Deed") before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Subordinated 
Notes. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest 
coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
an "Accounting Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Spanish Issuer has received, and notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) that it has so received, a letter or report of a 
recognised accountancy firm of international standing, stating that, as a result of a change in the 
accounting principles or rules or methodology (or in each case the interpretation or application thereof) 
after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that the aforementioned change is officially announced in 
respect of IFRS-EU or officially adopted or put into practice, the "Accounting Event Adoption Date"), 
the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as “equity” pursuant to IFRS-EU or any 
other accounting standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the consolidated 
financial statements of the Spanish Issuer. An Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the 
Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding that the effective date of such change may be later than 
the Accounting Event Adoption Date. The period during which the Spanish Issuer may notify the 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes as a result of the occurrence of an Accounting Event shall start on, 
and include the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of doubt such period shall include 
any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date and the date on which it comes into 
effect; 
"acting in concert", for the purposes of Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option), means persons 
who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal) co-operate to obtain or 
consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the successful outcome of an offer for a company. A 
person and each of its affiliated persons will be deemed to be acting in concert with each other; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish 
Issuer) or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish 
Issuer) or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish Issuer) or the 
Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
"affiliates" means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Spanish Issuer;

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely; or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means that such Original Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally or in respect of the Subordinated Notes;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Spanish Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
if applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more 
than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(d) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Capital Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Spanish Issuer has, either (a) directly or (b) via 
publication by such Rating Agency, received, and notified the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) that it has so received, confirmation from any Rating Agency that, due to any amendment 
to, clarification of, or change in the assessment criteria under its hybrid capital methodology or a change 
in the interpretation thereof, in each case occurring or becoming effective after the Issue Date, (i) the 
Subordinated Notes will no longer be eligible (or if the Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully 
refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in 
part or in full as a result, all or any of the Subordinated Notes would no longer have been eligible as a 
result of such amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital methodology or change in the 
interpretation had they not been refinanced) in whole or in part, for the same or a higher amount of “equity 
credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree 
to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) attributed to the Subordinated 
Notes on the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant 
Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency 
for the first time) or (ii) the period of time during which the relevant Rating Agency attributes to the 
Subordinated Notes a particular category of “equity credit” would be shortened as compared to the period 
of time for which such Rating Agency did attribute to the Subordinated Notes that category of “equity 
credit” on the date on which such Rating Agency attributed to the Subordinated Notes such category of 
“equity credit” for the first time; 
a "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert, in each case other than the Shareholders or any person or persons acting on behalf of the 
Shareholders, acquire(s) control directly or indirectly of the Spanish Issuer; 
a "Change of Control Event" means:  
(a) 
a Change of Control, and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect 
of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Downgrade not having 
been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), or  
(b) 
a Change of Control, and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Spanish Issuer is not 
rated by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs;  
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Spanish Issuer or any bidder or any designated 
advisor, of the relevant Change of Control, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date 
(such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Spanish 
Issuer or the Subordinated Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period 
commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial 
Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Spanish Issuer or the Subordinated Notes under 
consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement 
of the Change of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days 
after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency;  
a "Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event" shall have occurred if: 
(a) 
a Dividend Declaration is made in respect of any Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations 
(other than in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment paid or made exclusively in 
Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer); or 
(b) 
the Spanish Issuer or any of its subsidiaries has repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired 
any Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations, 
save, in the case of: 
(i) 
any such Dividend Declaration or such redemption, repurchase or acquisition that is mandatory 
under the terms of any such Junior Obligations and Parity Obligations;  
(ii) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer by or on behalf of the Spanish Issuer that 
is made pursuant to a buy-back program approved under Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse;  
(iii) 
any Dividend Declaration or repurchase which is required to be validly resolved on, declared, 
paid or made in respect of, share option, or free share allocation plan in each case reserved for 
directors, officers and/or employees of the Spanish Issuer or any of its affiliates or any associated 
liquidity agreements or any associated hedging transactions;  
(iv) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer by or on behalf of the Spanish Issuer as 
part of an intra-day transaction that does not result in an increase in the aggregate number of 
Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer held by or on behalf of the Spanish Issuer as treasury 
shares at 8.30 a.m. Madrid time on the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred 
Interest Payment was first deferred; 
(v) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer, which may be made from time to time, 
by or on behalf of the Spanish Issuer as part of transactions that do not exceed, individually or in 
the aggregate, 0.86% of the aggregate number of outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Spanish 
Issuer on the Issue Date; 
(vi) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Parity Obligations that is made for a consideration less than the 
aggregate nominal or par value of such Parity Obligations that are purchased or acquired;  
(vii) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer resulting from mandatory 
obligations or hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Spanish Issuer; or  
(viii) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer resulting from the 
settlement of existing equity derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any 
outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred.  
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall not occur pursuant to paragraph (a) above in 
respect of: 
(x) 
any pro rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest on any Parity Obligations which 
is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of Interest provided that such pro 
rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest on a Parity Obligation is not 
proportionately more than the pro rata settlement of any such Arrears of Interest (in each case by 
reference to (x) the amount that such pro rata optional interest payment bears to the overall 
amount of deferred or arrears of interest in respect of such Parity Obligations against (y) the

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
amount that such settlement bears to the overall amount of Arrears of Interest on the Subordinated 
Notes); and 
(y) 
any partial interest payment on any Parity Obligations made on a scheduled interest payment date 
as a result of the Spanish Issuer electing to defer in part the interest accrued in respect of the 
relevant interest period and scheduled to be paid on the relevant interest payment date which is 
made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of Interest, provided that such partial 
interest payment is not proportionally more than the pro rata settlement of any Arrears of Interest 
(in each case by reference to (I) the amount that such partial interest payment bears to the overall 
amount of deferred interest in respect of such Parity Obligations against (II) the amount that such 
settlement bears to the overall amount of Arrears of Interest on the Subordinated Notes); 
"control", for the purposes of Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option), means where a person 
(or persons acting in concert) has direct or indirect control of the power to cast, or control the casting of, 
over 50 per cent. of the total voting rights conferred by all the issued shares in the capital of the entity in 
issue which are ordinarily exercisable at a general meeting; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Subordinated 
Notes and of a comparable maturity to:   
(a) 
in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the relevant Reset Period; and 
(b) 
in relation to the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price,  the remaining term of the 
Subordinated Notes assuming for this purpose only that the Subordinated Notes mature on (i) if 
the Optional Redemption Date occurs prior to the to the first day of the Relevant Period, the first 
day of the Relevant Period or (ii) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs after the First Reset 
Date, the next succeeding Par Call Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(a) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(b) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 114 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Spanish Issuer; 
"Dividend Declaration" means the authorisation by resolution of the general meeting of shareholders or 
the board of directors or other competent corporate body (as the case may be) of the Spanish Issuer of the 
payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution or payment (or, if no such authorisation is 
required, the payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution or payment); 
"Early Redemption Amount " means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of a redemption of the Subordinated Notes following the occurrence of a Tax Event, an Accounting Event 
or a Capital Event, 101 per cent. of the principal amount of such Subordinated Notes; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that 
if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
(x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the date of redemption or substitution of all the Subordinated Notes; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such sum converted (if necessary) in line with market 
convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, quarterly) equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such 
calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent);

--- Page 115 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent 
on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; 
Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 and 18 December 2024, and 
as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not 
reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Spanish Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
"IFRS-EU" means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Spanish Issuer at its own expense; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Subordinated Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Subordinated Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the same may be adjusted in accordance with 
the relevant Business Day Convention;  
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Subordinated Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Junior Obligations" means all obligations of the Spanish Issuer issued or incurred directly or indirectly 
by it which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, including Ordinary Shares of 
the Spanish Issuer and any other shares (acciones) in the capital of the Spanish Issuer (and, if divided into 
classes, each class thereof); 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option 
of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Mandatory Settlement Date" means the earliest of: 
(a) 
as soon as reasonably practicable (but not later than the tenth Business Day) following the date 
on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs; 
(b) 
following any Deferred Interest Payment, on the next scheduled Interest Payment Date on which 
the Spanish Issuer does not elect to defer (in whole or in part) the interest accrued in respect of 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repaid in accordance with Condition 
7 (Redemption and Purchase) or become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enforcement Events and no Events of Default);

--- Page 116 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
"Margin(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to a Reset 
Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement), the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; 
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and 
(c) 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as at approximately the Quotation Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to the operation of Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement), in the event that the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the 
Mid-Swap Rate will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date; 
"Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means, in relation to any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
in the Specified Currency which (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (a) if the Spanish Issuer does not on or 
before the 90th calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or 
(b) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period 
and as a result of the relevant Change of Control, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its 
equivalent for the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms or, 
having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that the failure to 
assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption of the Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
"Ordinary Shares of the Spanish Issuer" means ordinary shares in the capital of the Spanish Issuer;

--- Page 117 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the interest rate (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes; 
"Outstanding Hybrid Securities" means the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Date(s)" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) any date during the 
Relevant Period, or (ii) any Interest Payment Date thereafter; 
"Parity Obligations" means any and all present or future series of preferred securities (participaciones 
preferentes) issued directly by the Spanish Issuer or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with 
the guarantee of the Spanish Issuer in accordance with the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, 
obligations equivalent to preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) issued directly by the Spanish 
Issuer or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of the Spanish Issuer (whether 
issued under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 or any other law or regulation of the Kingdom 
of Spain or of any other jurisdiction) and obligations of the Spanish Issuer, issued directly by it or 
indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of the Spanish Issuer, which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, including the Outstanding Hybrid Securities; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; (b) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited; 
and/or (c) any other credit rating agency of equivalent standing specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
their respective successors and/or, any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the Spanish 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), in each case, solicited by (or with 
the consent of) the Spanish Issuer;

--- Page 118 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
a "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (a) the rating previously assigned to the Senior Notes issued by the Spanish 
Issuer or to the Spanish Issuer by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (i) withdrawn or (ii) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a 
non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
previously assigned to the Senior Notes issued by the Spanish Issuer or to the Spanish Issuer by such 
Rating Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered 
by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (b) 
such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) 
or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (i) 
and (ii)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (iii)) by such Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies, provided that each Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces or publicly 
confirms or, having been so requested by the Spanish Issuer, informs the Spanish Issuer in writing that 
the lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control. If on the Relevant Announcement Date the Spanish Issuer or the Senior Notes issued 
by the Spanish Issuer carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an 
investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (iii) above will not apply; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in these 
Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four major banks selected by the Spanish Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Original Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, (i) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for the 
relevant date of redemption or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five, but more than one, 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the amount of 
that quotation so received or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity 
or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Spanish Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date or the relevant Reset Determination Date, as applicable, quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

--- Page 119 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Requisite Number of Rating Agencies" means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the 
rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the 
Subordinated Notes or to the Spanish Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating 
downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the 
Subordinated Notes or to the Spanish Issuer; 
"Reserved Noteholder Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Subordinated Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Subordinated Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 120 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to 
the first day of each such Reset Period, or, in each case, such other date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Bond Rate; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
selected by the Spanish Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial 
bank (the "Reset Reference Banks") to the Calculation Agent at approximately the Quotation Time in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date. If (a) 
at least three quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean (or, if only three quotations are provided, the median) of the quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); (b) if only two quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided; (c) if only one 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided; and (d) if no 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant period will be equal to the last 
observable mid-swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency, having a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period, on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, 
that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Senior Notes" means any senior notes of the Spanish Issuer issued under the Programme;  
"Senior Obligations" means all obligations of the Spanish Issuer, including subordinated obligations of 
the Spanish Issuer according to Spanish insolvency law, other than Parity Obligations and Junior 
Obligations; 
"Shareholders" means Mundys S.p.A., ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and 
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Step Up Margin(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin(s); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) (Redemption at 
the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day;

--- Page 121 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such 
sum converted (if necessary) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, 
quarterly) equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation 
Agent); 
"subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
for the avoidance of doubt, entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the Shareholders but not 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Spanish Issuer, are not subsidiaries of the Spanish Issuer; 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system;  
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;  
a "Tax Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, in respect of the 
Spanish Issuer’s obligation to make any payment under the Subordinated Notes (including any interest 
payment) on the next following Interest Payment Date, the Spanish Issuer would no longer be entitled to 
claim a deduction in respect of computing its tax liabilities in the Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be), 
or such entitlement is materially reduced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Tax Event shall not occur if payments under the Subordinated Notes by the 
Spanish Issuer are not deductible in whole or in part for Spanish corporate income tax purposes solely as 
a result of general tax deductibility limits set forth by Articles 16 and 63 of Law 27/2014 dated 27 
November 2014, on Corporate Income Tax, as at the Issue Date; 
"Tax Law Change" means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment to, or proposed amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, including, without limitation, any treaty to which the Kingdom of Spain 
is a party, or any change in the official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax 
authority that provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations or interpretations thereof 
that differs from the previously generally accepted position in relation to similar transactions, which 
change, amendment or interpretation becomes or would become, effective after the Issue Date; 
a "Withholding Tax Event" shall be deemed to occur if (i) as a result of a Tax Law Change, in making 
any payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes the Spanish Issuer has paid or will or would on the 
next Interest Payment Date be required to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
that cannot be avoided by the Spanish Issuer taking measures reasonably available to it or (ii) a person 
into which the Spanish Issuer is merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred or leased all or 
substantially all of its assets and who has been substituted in place of the Spanish Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Subordinated Notes is required to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Subordinated

--- Page 122 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Notes and such obligation cannot be avoided by such person taking reasonable measures available to it, 
unless the sole purpose of such a merger, conveyance, transfer or lease would be to permit the Spanish 
Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes; and 
"Yield Redemption Date" means (a) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs prior to the first day of the 
Relevant Period, the first day of the Relevant Period or (b) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs after 
the First Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Subordinated Notes are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Subordinated Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Subordinated 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Subordinated Note and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Subordinated Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Subordinated Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ix) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or 
a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require); and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 123 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Subordinated Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall 
have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Subordinated Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Spanish Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Spanish Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Subordination 
(a) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons: The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Spanish Issuer (senior only to Junior Obligations) 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
Subordination of the Subordinated Notes: Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, in 
the event of the Spanish Issuer being declared in insolvency (concurso) under Spanish insolvency law, 
the rights and claims of Noteholders against the Spanish Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims of the Holders of all Senior

--- Page 124 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Obligations, (ii) pari passu with the claims of the Holders of all Parity Obligations and (iii) senior to the 
claims of the Holders of all Junior Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Spanish Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
the Coupons and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the Noteholder, be deemed to have waived all 
such rights of set-off. 
5. 
Interest  
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Subordinated Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Subordinated Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption thereof pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or the date of substitution thereof 
pursuant to Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation) unless, upon due presentation, payment of  all 
sums due are improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Subordinated Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Subordinated Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(b) 
Broken Amount: If a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Subordinated Note for the relevant Interest Period shall be the relevant Broken 
Amount and, if the Subordinated Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Subordinated Note for 
any Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Spanish Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and, if the Subordinated Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in 
the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange.  
(d) 
Rate of Interest: Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions and subject to the further provisions of this Condition 5, the Subordinated Notes will bear 
interest on their principal amount as follows: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
at the Initial Rate of Interest each as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if 
no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the date of redemption or 
substitution of all the Subordinated Notes, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Spanish Issuer 
(to the extent practicable, in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred, then the following provisions shall apply:

--- Page 125 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
(i) 
the Spanish Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) no later than three Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Reset Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Subordinated Notes.  
(ii) 
if (A) the Spanish Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Spanish Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate.  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies 
and the Spanish Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate, prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the last observable Original Reference Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) on the 
Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Spanish Issuer (subject, where applicable, to 
substituting the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
that applied to the preceding Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Reset Date, the rate of interest shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest; for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(f). 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Spanish Issuer (as 
applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day and/or Reset 
Determination Date applicable to the Subordinated Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Subordinated Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
(v) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5(f), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Spanish Issuer) or the Spanish 
Issuer (as applicable) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread). The Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), subject to any further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 
5(f).  
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Spanish 
Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 5(f) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"). Consent of the Holders of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out 
in this Condition 5(f), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal 
Agent (if required).

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
(vii) 
The Spanish Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice 
thereof to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders, which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
(viii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Spanish Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Spanish Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, 
the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Spanish 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(x) 
No Successor Rate etc. if Capital Event would occur: Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Condition 5(f), no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Spanish Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to cause a loss or reduction in "equity credit" (or such other 
nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) of the Subordinated Notes or 
shortening of time for which the Subordinated Notes are assigned "equity credit".  
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Spanish Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(h) 
Step Up after Change of Control Event: If Change of Control Event and Step Up after Change of Control 
Event are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then this Condition 5(h) shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if the Spanish Issuer does not elect to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option) following 
the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the then currently applicable Rate of Interest, and each 
subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5, 
on the Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred. 
6. 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(a) 
Deferral of Interest Payments: If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Spanish Issuer may, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b) (Optional Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest) and 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest) below, elect in its sole discretion to defer 
(in whole or in part) any interest payment that is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with these Conditions by giving notice (a "Deferral Notice") of such election to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more 
than 14 and not less than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any such

--- Page 127 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
interest payment that the Spanish Issuer has elected to defer pursuant to this Condition 6(a) and that has 
not been satisfied is referred to as a "Deferred Interest Payment". 
If any interest payment is deferred pursuant to this Condition 6(a) then such Deferred Interest Payment 
shall itself bear interest (together with the Deferred Interest Payment, "Arrears of Interest"), at the 
relevant Rate of Interest applicable from time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for 
such deferral) the Deferred Interest Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding) 
the date on which such Deferred Interest Payment is paid in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Optional 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest) or 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest), in each case such 
further interest being compounded on each Interest Payment Date. 
Non-payment of interest deferred pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall not constitute a default by the 
Spanish Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose. 
(b) 
Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Arrears of Interest may be satisfied at the option of the Spanish 
Issuer, in whole or in part, at any given time (the "Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date") 
following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Spanish Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and no less than 
seven Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date informing them of 
its election to satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and specifying the relevant Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(b) (Optional 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest), the Spanish Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest in 
whole, but not in part, on the first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment 
Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred. 
Notice of the occurrence of any Mandatory Settlement Date shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and 
no less than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Mandatory Settlement Date. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Subordinated Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes are undated securities with no specified maturity date. The Subordinated Notes may 
not be redeemed at the option of the Spanish Issuer other than in accordance with Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), 7(c) (Redemption for accounting reasons), 7(d) (Redemption for rating 
reasons), 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at par), 7(f) (Redemption at the option of 
the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price), 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option) or 7(i) 
(Clean-Up Call Option). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax 
Event or a Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Spanish Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and 
subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but 
not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at (i) their Early Redemption 
Amount (in the case of a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first day of the 
Relevant Period) or (ii) their principal amount (in the case of (a) a Withholding Tax Event or (b) a Tax 
Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the first day of the Relevant Period), together, in 
each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and 
any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(c) 
Redemption for accounting reasons: If Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Spanish Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each 
case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first day of

--- Page 128 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the 
first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(d) 
Redemption for rating reasons: If Capital Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Spanish Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each 
case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first day of 
the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the 
first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at par: If the Par Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Spanish 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Par Call Date (such day an 
Optional Redemption Date) on the Spanish Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) and shall oblige the Spanish Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Subordinated Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Par Call Date at their principal 
amount (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Par Call Date and 
any outstanding Arrears of Interest). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price: If the Make Whole 
Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Spanish Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
part on any day (other than on any Par Call Date) (such day an Optional Redemption Date) on the Spanish 
Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) and shall oblige the 
Spanish Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes or, as the case may be, the Subordinated Notes specified 
in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Make Whole Redemption Price (together, 
if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and any 
outstanding Arrears of Interest). 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Subordinated Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Subordinated Notes multiplied by the 
price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Spanish Issuer by the 
Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Subordinated 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference 
to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Subordinated Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Spanish Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to the Yield Redemption Date of such Subordinated 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent.  
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition (e) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at par) or Condition (f) (Redemption 
at the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with

--- Page 129 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Subordinated Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Noteholders referred to in Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer) or Condition 
7(f) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price), as applicable, 
shall specify the serial numbers of the Subordinated Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Subordinated Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Subordinated Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Subordinated Notes on such 
date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the principal amount of Subordinated Notes being redeemed shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Control Call Option: If Change of Control Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Spanish Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to 
Redemption), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these 
Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Spanish Issuer, the Spanish Issuer 
may, at its option (the "Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject 
to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) all, but 
not some only, of the outstanding Subordinated Notes. Any such redemption of Subordinated Notes shall 
be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest 
accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
(j) 
Preconditions to Redemption: Prior to serving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 
(other than Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at par) and Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Spanish Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption)), the Spanish Issuer 
shall: 
(i) 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Spanish Issuer stating that 
the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tax Event or Withholding Tax Event deliver to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of 
independent legal or other tax advisers to the effect set out in paragraph (i) above;  
(iii) 
in the case of an Accounting Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant opinion from the 
relevant accountancy firm; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Capital Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant confirmation from the 
relevant Rating Agency. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Spanish Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Subordinated Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Spanish Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 130 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
8. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 8 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Spanish Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Subordinated Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, 
(ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable U.S. law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment.

--- Page 131 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(g) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(h) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Subordinated Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
9. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments

--- Page 132 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 9 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Spanish Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount 
and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Spanish Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Spanish Issuer shall pay such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as will result 
in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Subordinated Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where the relevant Subordinated Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Subordinated Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting or surrendering such Subordinated Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment 
on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of the Subordinated Note if the 
Spanish Issuer does not receive in a timely manner certain information about the Subordinated 
Notes of such holder as it is required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, 
including a duly executed and completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 
10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended, and any implementing legislation 
or regulation.  
(b) 
Definitions: References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include all amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or any amendment 
or supplement to it; (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Arrears of Interest and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest) or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Spanish Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(d) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Spanish 
Issuer on the Subordinated Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official

--- Page 133 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered 
into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such 
an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and neither the Spanish Issuer nor 
any other person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.  
11. 
Enforcement Events and no Events of Default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, dissolution or 
liquidation of the Spanish Issuer (except, in each case, for the purposes of an amalgamation, merger, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent), any Noteholder, in respect of a Subordinated Note and 
provided that such Noteholder does not contravene a previously adopted Extraordinary Resolution (if 
any) may, by written notice to the Spanish Issuer, declare that such Subordinated Note and all interest 
then accrued but unpaid on such Subordinated Note shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
same shall immediately become due and payable at its principal amount together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
In such case the Holder of a Subordinated Note may, at its sole discretion, institute steps in order to obtain 
a judgment against the Spanish Issuer for any amounts due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
including, but not limited to, proving and/or claiming in the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
insolvency proceeding of the Spanish Issuer for such amount. 
Each Holder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings as it may think 
fit to enforce any term or condition binding on the Spanish Issuer under the Subordinated Notes but in no 
event shall the Spanish Issuer by the virtue of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Spanish Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 11 shall be available to 
the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes or in respect 
of any other breach by the Spanish Issuer of any of their respective other obligations under or in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Substitution 
The Spanish Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Subordinated Notes, 
the Coupons and the Talons, any company (the "Substitute") that is a subsidiary or an affiliate of the 
Spanish Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially 
in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 16 (Form of Deed Poll), and may take place 
only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by 
any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if 
different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the 
obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Subordinated Notes and Coupons shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Spanish Issuer by means of the Deed Poll and a deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 17 (Form of Deed of 
Guarantee) (the "Deed of Guarantee"), (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken,

--- Page 134 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Subordinated Notes, Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant and Deed of Guarantee (together, the 
"Documents") represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or the 
guarantor (as applicable), and in the case of the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the 
Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party 
to it, (v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the 
Spanish Issuer and delivered by the Spanish Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Documents 
and, as the case may be, the Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the Spanish Issuer as guarantor, (vi) the Spanish 
Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that 
copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are 
referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (save that in the case of legal 
opinion in paragraph (v) such opinion shall only be available for inspection on a non-reliance basis), (vii) 
each Rating Agency has confirmed that upon such substitution becoming effective the Subordinated 
Notes will either still be eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit” (or such other 
nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits 
the characteristics of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the Subordinated Notes on the date immediately 
prior to such substitution or such eligibility or attribution will not be adversely affected and (viii) an 
officer of the Spanish Issuer or an officer of the Substitute shall have certified to the Fiscal Agent that, 
following consultation with an independent investment bank of international repute, an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise or independent counsel of recognised standing, the Spanish 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Substitute has concluded that such substitution (A) will not result in the 
Substitute having an entitlement, as at the date such substitution becomes effective, to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes as a result of a Tax Event, a Capital Event, an Accounting Event, a Change of Control 
Event or a Withholding Tax Event and (B) will not result in the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
immediately following such substitution being materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms 
of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such substitution.  
14. 
Replacement of Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
If any Subordinated Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Subordinated Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Spanish 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons, 
the Agents act solely as agents of the Spanish Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Spanish Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Spanish Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Spanish Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 135 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Subordinated Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Spanish Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Subordinated Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Spanish Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Subordinated Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes held 
or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Noteholder Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Subordinated Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Subordinated Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the 
parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Spanish Issuer shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless, in the opinion of the 
Spanish Issuer (acting in good faith), it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Spanish Issuer (acting in good faith), not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark 
replacement) or Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation), certain changes may be made to the 
provisions of the Subordinated Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in each such 
Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution and Variation: If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and at any time after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, the Spanish Issuer determines 
that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, the 
Spanish Issuer may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, on any applicable 
Interest Payment Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, (a) exchange the Subordinated Notes (the 
"Exchanged Subordinated Notes") into new Subordinated Notes of the Spanish Issuer or any wholly-
owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Spanish Issuer (a "Substitute Issuer") with a guarantee of the 
Spanish Issuer, or (b) vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes (the "Varied Subordinated Notes"), so 
that in either case (I) in the case of a Tax Event, in respect of the Spanish Issuer’s (or Substitute Issuer’s) 
obligation to make any payment of interest under the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied 
Subordinated Notes, the Spanish Issuer or the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be) is entitled to claim a 
deduction or a higher deduction (as the case may be) in respect of interest paid when computing its tax 
liabilities in the Kingdom of Spain or in the taxing jurisdiction of the Substitute Issuer (as the case may 
be), as compared with the entitlement (in the case of the Spanish Issuer) after the occurrence of the 
relevant Tax Event, (II) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, in making any payments in respect of 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes, the Spanish Issuer or the Substitute 
Issuer are not required to pay a greater amount of Additional Amounts in respect of the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes, (III) in the case of an Accounting Event, the aggregate

--- Page 136 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may 
be) is recorded as “equity” to the maximum extent possible in any of the consolidated financial 
information of the Spanish Issuer pursuant to IFRS-EU or any other accounting standards that may 
replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of consolidated financial statements of the Spanish Issuer, or (IV) in 
the case of a Capital Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or 
Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) is assigned “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature 
that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the 
characteristics of an ordinary share) by the relevant Rating Agency that is equal to or greater than that 
which was assigned to the Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity 
credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time). 
Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Spanish Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
the Spanish Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being admitted to trading, and (for 
so long as the rules of such exchange require) the publication of any appropriate supplement, 
listing particulars or offering circular in connection therewith, and the Exchanged Subordinated 
Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes continue to be admitted to trading on the same stock 
exchange as the Subordinated Notes if they were admitted to trading immediately prior to the 
relevant exchange or variation; 
(iii) 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes shall: (A) rank, and (save in 
the case of a direct issue by the Spanish Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that ranks in relation to 
the obligations of the Spanish Issuer under such securities and/or such guarantee (as the case 
may be), at least pari passu with the ranking of the Subordinated Notes prior to the exchange or 
variation and (B) benefit from the same or more favourable interest rates and the same Interest 
Payment Dates, the same Reset Date(s) and early redemption rights (provided that the relevant 
exchange or variation may not itself trigger any early redemption right), the same rights to 
accrued interest or Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable under the Subordinated 
Notes which, in each case, has accrued to the Noteholders and has not been paid, the same rights 
to principal and interest, and, if publicly rated by a Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
exchange or variation, at least the same credit rating requested by the Spanish Issuer or on the 
Spanish Issuer's behalf immediately after such exchange or variation by each such Rating 
Agency (as the case may be), as compared with the relevant rating(s) immediately prior to such 
exchange or variation (as determined by the Spanish Issuer or Substitute Issuer using reasonable 
measures available to it including discussions with the relevant Rating Agency to the extent 
practicable) (C) shall not contain terms providing for the mandatory deferral of interest and (D) 
not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to 
shares;  
(iv) 
the preconditions to redemption set out in Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption)  having 
been satisfied and the terms of the exchange or variation (in the sole opinion of the Spanish Issuer 
or Substitute Issuer, as the case may be) not being prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, 
including compliance with paragraph (iii) above, as certified to the benefit of the Noteholders by 
two directors of the Spanish Issuer, having consulted with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, and any such certificate shall, absent fraud or manifest error, be final and 
binding on all parties. However, a change in the governing law of the provisions of Condition 4 
(Status and Subordination) to the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute Issuer, 
in connection with any substitution pursuant to this Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation), 
shall be deemed not to be prejudicial to the interests of the Holders and, if the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Substitute Issuer is not the Kingdom of Spain, Condition 4 (Status and 
Subordination) shall be modified so as to reflect a substantially equivalent ranking for 
Noteholders which, in the opinion of the Spanish Issuer and the Substitute Issuer, would have 
applied had there been no substitution; and 
(v) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Spanish Issuer (copies of which shall be made 
available to the Noteholders for inspection on a non-reliance basis at the specified offices of the

--- Page 137 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Fiscal Agent during usual office hours) from one or more international law firms of good 
reputation selected by the Spanish Issuer confirming (x) that the Spanish Issuer has capacity to 
assume all rights, duties and obligations under the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations and (y) the legality, validity 
and enforceability of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Spanish Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Subordinated Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
19. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Subordinated Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status and 
Subordination), which is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Subordinated Notes (including any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Spanish Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 20(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any court 
of a Member State under the Brussels Ia Regulation (in accordance with Chapter II, Sections 1 and 2 
thereof) or of a State that is a party to the Lugano II Convention (in accordance with Title II, Sections 1 
and 2 thereof). To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number 
of competent jurisdictions in accordance with this Condition 20. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Spanish Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being

--- Page 138 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
delivered to TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London EC4A 4AB, 
or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or 
Wales as the Spanish Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
"Brussels Ia Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters, as amended; and 
"Lugano II Convention" means the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters, signed on 30 October 2007.

--- Page 139 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
endorsed on each Guaranteed Subordinated Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of 
any Tranche of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes the subject of Final Terms and which is being (a) offered to the 
public in a Member State (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Guaranteed Subordinated Note in global form will differ from those 
terms and conditions which would apply to the Guaranteed Subordinated Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. (the "Dutch Issuer") and Abertis Infraestructuras, 
S.A. have established a Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the 
issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of (i) guaranteed subordinated notes by 
the Dutch Issuer (the "Guaranteed Subordinated Notes") with the benefit of a guarantee on a 
subordinated basis from Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") and (ii) senior 
notes and subordinated notes by Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Guaranteed Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete 
these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") 
or a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which amends, supplements and/or replaces these 
Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
References in these Condition to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include references to the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue 
and paying agency agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Dutch Issuer, 
the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as 
registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes) and the 
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents 
and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), 
or in registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 
1 April 2025 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Dutch Issuer. 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes have the benefit of a deed of guarantee dated 1 
April 2025 executed and delivered by the Guarantor in relation to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
(the “Deed of Guarantee”). 
(f) 
The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes" and "Notes" are to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes which are the subject of the

--- Page 140 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplements are available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Dutch Issuer and copies may be obtained from Paseo de la Castellana, 89, 
planta 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business 
hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
an "Accounting Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Dutch Issuer has received, and notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) that it has so received, a letter or report of a 
recognised accountancy firm of international standing, stating that, as a result of a change in the 
accounting principles or rules or methodology (or in each case the interpretation or application thereof) 
after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that the aforementioned change is officially announced in 
respect of IFRS-EU or officially adopted or put into practice, the "Accounting Event Adoption Date"), 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as “equity” pursuant to IFRS-
EU or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the 
consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor. An Accounting Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding that the effective date of such change 
may be later than the Accounting Event Adoption Date. The period during which the Dutch Issuer may 
notify the redemption of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes as a result of the occurrence of an 
Accounting Event shall start on, and include the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date and 
the date on which it comes into effect; 
"acting in concert", for the purposes of Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option), means persons 
who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal) co-operate to obtain or 
consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the successful outcome of an offer for a company. A 
person and each of its affiliated persons will be deemed to be acting in concert with each other; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Dutch 
Issuer) or the Dutch Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Dutch 
Issuer) or the Dutch Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Dutch Issuer) or the Dutch 
Issuer (as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-

--- Page 141 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
"affiliates" means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Guarantor; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely; or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means that such Original Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally or in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
if applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more 
than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 142 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(d) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Capital Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor has, either (a) directly 
or (b) via publication by such Rating Agency, received, and notified the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) that it has so received, confirmation from any Rating Agency that, due to any 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in the assessment criteria under its hybrid capital methodology 
or a change in the interpretation thereof, in each case occurring or becoming effective after the Issue Date, 
(i) the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will no longer be eligible (or if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
have been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” 
from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result, all or any of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
would no longer have been eligible as a result of such amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital 
methodology or change in the interpretation had they not been refinanced) in whole or in part, for the 
same or a higher amount of “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency 
may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary 
share) attributed to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not 
assigned to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the 
date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time) or (ii) the period of 
time during which the relevant Rating Agency attributes to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes a 
particular category of “equity credit” would be shortened as compared to the period of time for which 
such Rating Agency did attribute to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes that category of “equity credit” 
on the date on which such Rating Agency attributed to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes such category 
of “equity credit” for the first time; 
a "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert, in each case other than the Shareholders or any person or persons acting on behalf of the 
Shareholders, acquire(s) control directly or indirectly of the Guarantor; 
a "Change of Control Event" means:  
(a) 
a Change of Control, and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect 
of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Downgrade not having 
been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), or  
(b) 
a Change of Control, and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Guarantor is not rated 
by any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs;  
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant Announcement 
Date") of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Guarantor or any bidder or any designated 
advisor, of the relevant Change of Control, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date 
(such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or

--- Page 143 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Guarantor 
or the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the 
period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the 
Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Guarantor or the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which 
falls 60 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency;  
a "Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event" shall have occurred if: 
(a) 
a Dividend Declaration is made in respect of any Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations 
(other than in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment paid or made exclusively in 
Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor); or 
(b) 
the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries has repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired any 
Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations, 
save, in the case of: 
(i) 
any such Dividend Declaration or such redemption, repurchase or acquisition that is mandatory 
under the terms of any such Junior Obligations and Parity Obligations;  
(ii) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor by or on behalf of the Guarantor that is made 
pursuant to a buy-back program approved under Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse;  
(iii) 
any Dividend Declaration in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment by the Dutch 
Issuer to the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
any Dividend Declaration or repurchase which is required to be validly resolved on, declared, 
paid or made in respect of, share option, or free share allocation plan in each case reserved for 
directors, officers and/or employees of the Guarantor or any of its affiliates or any associated 
liquidity agreements or any associated hedging transactions;  
(v) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor by or on behalf of the Guarantor as part of an 
intra-day transaction that does not result in an increase in the aggregate number of Ordinary 
Shares of the Guarantor held by or on behalf of the Guarantor as treasury shares at 8.30 a.m. 
Madrid time on the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest Payment 
was first deferred; 
(vi) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor, which may be made from time to time, by or 
on behalf of the Guarantor as part of transactions that do not exceed, individually or in the 
aggregate, 0.86% of the aggregate number of outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor on 
the Issue Date; 
(vii) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Parity Obligations that is made for a consideration less than the 
aggregate nominal or par value of such Parity Obligations that are purchased or acquired;  
(viii) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from mandatory 
obligations or hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor; 
or  
(ix) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from the settlement 
of existing equity derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred 
Interest Payment was first deferred.  
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall not occur pursuant to paragraph (a) above in 
respect of: 
(x) 
any pro rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest on any Parity Obligations which 
is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of Interest provided that such pro 
rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest on a Parity Obligation is not

--- Page 144 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
proportionately more than the pro rata settlement of any such Arrears of Interest (in each case by 
reference to (x) the amount that such pro rata optional interest payment bears to the overall 
amount of deferred or arrears of interest in respect of such Parity Obligations against (y) the 
amount that such settlement bears to the overall amount of Arrears of Interest on the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(y) 
any partial interest payment on any Parity Obligations made on a scheduled interest payment date 
as a result of the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, electing to defer in part the 
interest accrued in respect of the relevant interest period and scheduled to be paid on the relevant 
interest payment date which is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of 
Interest, provided that such partial interest payment is not proportionally more than the pro rata 
settlement of any Arrears of Interest (in each case by reference to (I) the amount that such partial 
interest payment bears to the overall amount of deferred interest in respect of such Parity 
Obligations against (II) the amount that such settlement bears to the overall amount of Arrears 
of Interest on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes); 
"control", for the purposes of Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option), means where a person 
(or persons acting in concert) has direct or indirect control of the power to cast, or control the casting of, 
over 50 per cent. of the total voting rights conferred by all the issued shares in the capital of the entity in 
issue which are ordinarily exercisable at a general meeting; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and of a comparable maturity to:   
(a) 
in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the relevant Reset Period; and 
(b) 
in relation to the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price,  the remaining term of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes assuming for this purpose only that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes mature on (i) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs prior to the to the first 
day of the Relevant Period, the first day of the Relevant Period or (ii) if the Optional Redemption 
Date occurs after the First Reset Date, the next succeeding Par Call Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of

--- Page 145 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(a) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 146 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(b) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Dutch Issuer; 
"Dividend Declaration" means the authorisation by resolution of the general meeting of shareholders or 
the board of directors or other competent corporate body (as the case may be) of the Dutch Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) of the payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution or payment 
(or, if no such authorisation is required, the payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution 
or payment); 
"Early Redemption Amount " means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of a redemption of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes following the occurrence of a Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event, 101 per cent. of the principal amount of such Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that 
if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed

--- Page 147 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
(x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the date of redemption or substitution of all the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such sum converted (if necessary) in line with market 
convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, quarterly) equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to the Yield 
Redemption Date on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent 
on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; 
Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 and 18 December 2024, 
and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield to the 
Yield Redemption Date calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
"IFRS-EU" means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Dutch Issuer at its own expense; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Guaranteed Subordinated Note and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Guaranteed Subordinated Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the same may be adjusted in accordance with 
the relevant Business Day Convention;  
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issuer Winding-up" means a situation where (i) an order is made or a decree or resolution is passed for 
the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Dutch Issuer, except for the purposes of a solvent merger, 
reconstruction or amalgamation, or (ii) a trustee (curator) is appointed by the competent district court in 
the Netherlands in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) affecting the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Dutch Issuer and such appointment is not discharged within 30 days;

--- Page 148 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
"Junior Obligations" means the Junior Obligations of the Guarantor and the Junior Obligations of the 
Dutch Issuer; 
"Junior Obligations of the Guarantor" means all obligations of the Guarantor issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Guarantee, including Ordinary 
Shares of the Guarantor and any other shares (acciones) in the capital of the Guarantor (and, if divided 
into classes, each class thereof); 
"Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer" means all obligations of the Dutch Issuer, issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it, which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes, including (i) Ordinary Shares of the Dutch Issuer and (ii) Preferred Shares of the Dutch Issuer, if 
any; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option 
of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Mandatory Settlement Date" means the earliest of: 
(a) 
as soon as reasonably practicable (but not later than the tenth Business Day) following the date 
on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs; 
(b) 
following any Deferred Interest Payment, on the next scheduled Interest Payment Date on which 
the Dutch Issuer does not elect to defer (in whole or in part) the interest accrued in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
the date on which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repaid in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Enforcement Events and no Events of Default); 
"Margin(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to a Reset 
Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement), the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; 
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and 
(c) 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as at approximately the Quotation Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to the operation of Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement), in the event that the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the 
Mid-Swap Rate will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date; 
"Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means, in relation to any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
in the Specified Currency which (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent);

--- Page 149 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred (a) if the Guarantor does not on or before 
the 90th calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable 
endeavours to be assigned a rating to its long-term debt by one or more Rating Agencies or (b) if it does 
so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result 
of the relevant Change of Control, obtained an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for 
the time being, or better), provided that the relevant Rating Agency publicly confirms or, having been 
so requested by the Guarantor, informs the Guarantor in writing that the failure to assign an investment 
grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
"Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor" means ordinary shares in the capital of the Guarantor; 
"Ordinary Shares of the Dutch Issuer" means ordinary shares in the capital of the Dutch Issuer; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the interest rate (or any component part thereof) on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes; 
"Outstanding Hybrid Securities" means the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Date(s)" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) any date during the 
Relevant Period, or (ii) any Interest Payment Date thereafter; 
"Parity Obligations" means the Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and the Parity Obligations of the 
Dutch Issuer; 
"Parity Obligations of the Guarantor" means any and all present or future series of preferred securities 
(participaciones preferentes) issued directly by the Guarantor or indirectly through a wholly-owned 
subsidiary with the guarantee of the Guarantor in accordance with the First Additional Provision of Law 
10/2014, obligations equivalent to preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) issued directly by 
the Guarantor or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of the Guarantor 
(whether issued under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 or any other law or regulation of 
the Kingdom of Spain or of any other jurisdiction) and obligations of the Guarantor, issued directly by it 
or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of the Guarantor, which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Guarantee  (which include the guarantee granted by the Guarantor 
in connection with each of the Outstanding Hybrid Securities); 
"Parity Obligations of the Dutch Issuer" means any obligations of the Dutch Issuer, issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, including the Outstanding Hybrid Securities;

--- Page 150 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Preferred Shares of the Dutch Issuer" means any preference shares in the capital of the Dutch Issuer 
(and, if divided into classes, each class thereof); 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; (b) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited; 
and/or (c) any other credit rating agency of equivalent standing specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
their respective successors and/or, any other rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the Dutch 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), in each case, solicited by (or with 
the consent of) the Dutch Issuer; 
a "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (a) the rating previously assigned to the Senior Notes issued by the 
Guarantor or to the Guarantor by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is (i) withdrawn or (ii) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a 
non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
previously assigned to the Senior Notes issued by the Guarantor or to the Guarantor by such Rating 
Agency or Rating Agencies was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at 
least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (b) such 
rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or 
reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (i) and 
(ii)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (iii)) by such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, 
provided that each Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, 
having been so requested by the Guarantor, informs the Guarantor in writing that the lowering of the 
rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result of the applicable Change of

--- Page 151 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
Control. If on the Relevant Announcement Date the Guarantor or the Senior Notes issued by the 
Guarantor carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment 
grade rating, then sub-paragraph (iii) above will not apply; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in these 
Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four major banks selected by the Dutch Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Original Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, (i) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for the 
relevant date of redemption or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five, but more than one, 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the amount of 
that quotation so received or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity 
or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Dutch Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date or any Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date or the relevant Reset Determination Date, as applicable, quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than 
the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each

--- Page 152 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Requisite Number of Rating Agencies" means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the 
rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or to the Guarantor, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of 
the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or to the Guarantor; 
"Reserved Noteholder Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or the date for any such 
payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, to cancel the 
Guarantee or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to 
the first day of each such Reset Period, or, in each case, such other date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate; or

--- Page 153 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Bond Rate; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
selected by the Dutch Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial 
bank (the "Reset Reference Banks") to the Calculation Agent at approximately the Quotation Time in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date. If (a) 
at least three quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean (or, if only three quotations are provided, the median) of the quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); (b) if only two quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided; (c) if only one 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided; and (d) if no 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant period will be equal to the last 
observable mid-swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency, having a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period, on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, 
that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Senior Notes" means any senior notes of the Guarantor issued under the Programme;  
"Senior Obligations of the Guarantor" means all obligations of the Guarantor, including subordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor according to Spanish insolvency law, other than Parity Obligations of the 
Guarantor and Junior Obligations of the Guarantor; 
"Senior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer" means all obligations of the Dutch Issuer, including 
subordinated obligations of the Dutch Issuer according to Dutch insolvency law, other than Parity 
Obligations of the Dutch Issuer and Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer; 
"Shareholders" means Mundys S.p.A., ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and 
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Step Up Margin(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin(s); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) (Redemption at 
the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price); 
"Subordinated Loan" means the subordinated loan specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, made 
by the Dutch Issuer to the Subordinated Loan Borrower, pursuant to which the proceeds of the issue of 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are on-lent to the Subordinated Loan Borrower; 
"Subordinated Loan Borrower" means the Guarantor or such other entity specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date;

--- Page 154 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such 
sum converted (if necessary) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, 
quarterly) equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
for the avoidance of doubt, entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the Shareholders but not 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor, are not subsidiaries of the Guarantor; 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system;  
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;  
a "Tax Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, in respect of (i) the 
Dutch Issuer’s obligation to make any payment under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (including any 
interest payment) on the next following Interest Payment Date or (ii) the obligation of the Subordinated 
Loan Borrower to make any payment in favour of the Dutch Issuer under the Subordinated Loan on the 
next following due date for such payment, the Dutch Issuer or the Subordinated Loan Borrower (as the 
case may be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of computing its tax liabilities 
in the Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be), or such entitlement is materially 
reduced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Tax Event shall not occur if payments under the Subordinated Loan by the 
Subordinated Loan Borrower are not deductible in whole or in part for Spanish corporate income tax 
purposes solely as a result of general tax deductibility limits set forth by Articles 16 and 63 of Law 
27/2014 dated 27 November 2014, on Corporate Income Tax, as at the Issue Date; 
"Tax Law Change" means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment to, or proposed amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, including, without limitation, any treaty to which the 
Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands is a party, or any change in the official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any 
interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for a position with respect to 
such laws or regulations or interpretations thereof that differs from the previously generally accepted 
position in relation to similar transactions, which change, amendment or interpretation becomes or would 
become, effective after the Issue Date; 
a "Withholding Tax Event" shall be deemed to occur if (i) as a result of a Tax Law Change, in making 
any payments in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee the Dutch Issuer or the 
Guarantor has paid or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be required to pay Additional 
Amounts in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee that cannot be avoided by 
the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, taking measures reasonably available to it or (ii) a 
person into which the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred 
or leased all or substantially all of its assets and who has been substituted in place of the Dutch Issuer or

--- Page 155 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
the Guarantor as principal debtor under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is required to pay Additional 
Amounts in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee and such obligation cannot 
be avoided by such person taking reasonable measures available to it, unless the sole purpose of such a 
merger, conveyance, transfer or lease would be to permit the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor to redeem the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes; and 
"Yield Redemption Date" means (a) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs prior to the first day of the 
Relevant Period, the first day of the Relevant Period or (b) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs after 
the First Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Guaranteed Subordinated Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Guaranteed Subordinated Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes; 
(ix) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or 
a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require); and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 156 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the 
case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Guaranteed 
Subordinated Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Dutch 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Dutch Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status, Guarantee and Subordination 
(a) 
Status of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the Coupons: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and 
the Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Dutch Issuer (senior only to 
Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer) and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves.

--- Page 157 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
(b) 
Subordination of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes: In the event of an Issuer Winding-up, the rights 
and claims of Noteholders against the Dutch Issuer in respect of or arising under the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims of the Holders of all Senior 
Obligations of the Dutch Issuer, (ii) pari passu with the claims of the Holders of all Parity Obligations of 
the Dutch Issuer and (iii) senior to the claims of the Holders of all Junior Obligations of the Dutch Issuer. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Dutch Issuer arising under or in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the Holder, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off. 
This Condition 4(b) is an irrevocable stipulation (derdenbeding) for the benefit of the creditors of Senior 
Obligations of the Dutch Issuer and each such creditor may rely on and enforce this Condition 4(b) under 
Section 6:253 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
(c) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Dutch Issuer under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and Coupons on 
a subordinated basis. Its obligations in that respect (the "Guarantee") are contained in the Deed of 
Guarantee. 
(d) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor (senior only to Junior Obligations of the 
Guarantor) and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
(e) 
Subordination of the Guarantee: Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, in the event 
of the Guarantor being declared in insolvency (concurso) under Spanish insolvency law, the rights and 
claims of Noteholders against the Guarantor in respect of or arising under the Guarantee will rank (i) 
junior to the claims of the Holders of all Senior Obligations of the Guarantor, (ii) pari passu with the 
claims of the Holders of all Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and (iii) senior to the claims of the Holders 
of all Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
5. 
Interest  
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 8 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Guaranteed Subordinated Note will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption thereof pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or the 
date of substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation) unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of  all sums due are improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Guaranteed Subordinated Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(b) 
Broken Amount: If a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Guaranteed Subordinated Note for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Broken Amount and, if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Guaranteed 
Subordinated Note for any Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Dutch Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and, if the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth

--- Page 158 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required 
by the rules of the relevant stock exchange.  
(d) 
Rate of Interest: Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions and subject to the further provisions of this Condition 5, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
will bear interest on their principal amount as follows: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
at the Initial Rate of Interest each as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if 
no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the date of redemption or 
substitution of all the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Dutch Issuer 
(to the extent practicable, in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred, then the following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Dutch Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) no later than three Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Reset Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes.  
(ii) 
if (A) the Dutch Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Dutch Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate.  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies 
and the Dutch Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate, prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the last observable Original Reference Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) on the 
Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Dutch Issuer (subject, where applicable, to 
substituting the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
that applied to the preceding Interest Period for the relevant Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Reset Date, the rate of interest shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest; for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(f). 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in

--- Page 159 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Dutch Issuer (as 
applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day and/or Reset 
Determination Date applicable to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable).  
(v) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5(f), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Dutch Issuer) or the Dutch 
Issuer (as applicable) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread). The Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), subject to any further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 
5(f).  
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Dutch 
Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 5(f) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"). Consent of the Holders of the relevant 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread or such other changes set 
out in this Condition 5(f), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
Fiscal Agent (if required). 
(vii) 
The Dutch Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice 
thereof to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders, which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
(viii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Dutch Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Dutch Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, 
the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Dutch 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(x) 
No Successor Rate etc. if Capital Event would occur: Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Condition 5(f), no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Dutch Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to cause a loss or reduction in “equity credit” (or such other 
nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or shortening of time for which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are assigned “equity 
credit”.

--- Page 160 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Dutch Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Step Up after Change of Control Event: If Change of Control Event and Step Up after Change of Control 
Event are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then this Condition 5(h) shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if the Dutch Issuer does not elect to redeem the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(h) (Change of Control Call Option) 
following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the then currently applicable Rate of Interest, and 
each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5, on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event 
occurred. 
6. 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(a) 
Deferral of Interest Payments: If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Dutch Issuer may, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b) (Optional Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest) and 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest) below, elect in its sole discretion to defer 
(in whole or in part) any interest payment that is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with these Conditions by giving notice (a "Deferral Notice") of such election to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more 
than 14 and not less than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any such 
interest payment that the Dutch Issuer has elected to defer pursuant to this Condition 6(a) and that has 
not been satisfied is referred to as a "Deferred Interest Payment". 
If any interest payment is deferred pursuant to this Condition 6(a) then such Deferred Interest Payment 
shall itself bear interest (together with the Deferred Interest Payment, "Arrears of Interest"), at the 
relevant Rate of Interest applicable from time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for 
such deferral) the Deferred Interest Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding) 
the date on which such Deferred Interest Payment is paid in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Optional 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest) or 6(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest), in each case such 
further interest being compounded on each Interest Payment Date. 
Non-payment of interest deferred pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall not constitute a default by the 
Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee or for any other 
purpose. 
(b) 
Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Arrears of Interest may be satisfied at the option of the Dutch 
Issuer, in whole or in part, at any given time (the "Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date") 
following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Dutch Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and no less than 
seven Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date informing them of 
its election to satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and specifying the relevant Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(b) (Optional 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest), the Dutch Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest in whole, 
but not in part, on the first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment Date on 
which any outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred. 
Notice of the occurrence of any Mandatory Settlement Date shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and 
no less than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Mandatory Settlement Date. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are undated securities with no specified maturity date. The

--- Page 161 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Dutch Issuer other than in 
accordance with Condition 7(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 7(c) (Redemption for accounting reasons), 
7(d) (Redemption for rating reasons), 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at par), 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price), 7(h) (Change of 
Control Call Option) or 7(i) (Clean-Up Call Option). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax 
Event or a Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Dutch Issuer may, subject to 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and 
subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at (i) their Early 
Redemption Amount (in the case of a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first 
day of the Relevant Period) or (ii) their principal amount (in the case of (a) a Withholding Tax Event or 
(b) a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the first day of the Relevant Period), 
together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(c) 
Redemption for accounting reasons: If Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Dutch Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each 
case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first day of 
the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the 
first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(d) 
Redemption for rating reasons: If Capital Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Dutch Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption), redeem the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each 
case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the first day of 
the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the 
first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at par: If the Par Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Dutch Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Par Call Date 
(such day an Optional Redemption Date) on the Dutch Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and shall oblige the Dutch Issuer to redeem the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or, as the case may be, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Par Call Date at their principal amount (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the relevant Par Call Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price: If the Make Whole 
Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Dutch Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any day (other than on any Par Call Date) (such day an Optional Redemption Date) on 
the Dutch Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) and shall 
oblige the Dutch Issuer to redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the

--- Page 162 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Make Whole Redemption Price (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest). 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Dutch 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield 
(as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Dutch Issuer by 
the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to the Yield Redemption Date of such 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at 
the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the 
Determination Agent.  
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at par) or Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption Price), in the case of Bearer 
Notes, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of 
the Dutch Issuer) or Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price), as applicable, shall specify the serial numbers of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Guaranteed Subordinated Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
principal amount of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes being redeemed shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Control Call Option: If Change of Control Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Dutch Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 
nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to 
Redemption), redeem the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Dutch Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor, the Dutch Issuer may, at its option (the "Clean-Up Call 
Option") but subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other period 
of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to 
Redemption), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) all, but not some only, of the outstanding

--- Page 163 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Any such redemption of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
(j) 
Preconditions to Redemption: Prior to serving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 
(other than Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at par) and Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole Redemption)), the Guarantor shall: 
(i) 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Guarantor stating that the 
relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tax Event or Withholding Tax Event deliver to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of 
independent legal or other tax advisers to the effect set out in paragraph (i) above;  
(iii) 
in the case of an Accounting Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant opinion from the 
relevant accountancy firm; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Capital Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant confirmation from the 
relevant Rating Agency. 
(k) 
Purchase: Each of the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided 
that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Guaranteed Subordinated Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Dutch Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
8. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 8 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Dutch Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable U.S. law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto:

--- Page 164 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(g) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(h) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Guaranteed Subordinated Note shall become void and no Coupon 
will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
9. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 165 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 9 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Dutch 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case 
of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the 
date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Dutch Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges (collectively, "Taxes") of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or the 
Netherlands or, in each case, any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Dutch Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay 
such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon or, as the case may be, under the 
Guarantee: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of 
its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding 
of the Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon;

--- Page 166 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Holder of such Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Guaranteed Subordinated Note or Coupon 
or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days;  
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Note if the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor does not receive in a timely manner certain information 
about the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes of such holder as it is required by the applicable 
Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and completed certificate from the 
Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended, 
and any implementing legislation or regulation; or  
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) as at the Issue Date (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the first Tranche of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions: References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include all amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or any amendment 
or supplement to it; (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Arrears of Interest and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest) or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor become subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands, respectively, references in these 
Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands, as the case may be, shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain or the Netherlands, as the case may be, and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(d) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Dutch 
Issuer or the Guarantor on the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the 
Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), 
and neither the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to pay additional 
amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.  
(e) 
Applicable law for Spanish tax purposes: The Guarantor will apply Law 10/2014 to the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes for Spanish tax purposes. Payments in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
and the Coupons by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be exempt from Spanish Non-Resident 
Income Tax to the extent that the Noteholder or beneficial owner is not acting through a permanent 
establishment in the Kingdom of Spain. 
The Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in Section 4 of the First Additional 
Provision of Law 10/2014 in respect of Noteholders or beneficial owners who are taxpayers of the Spanish 
Individual Income Tax or taxpayers of the Spanish Corporation Tax, as well as taxpayers of the Spanish 
Non-resident Income Tax who hold the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes through a permanent 
establishment located in Spanish territory. 
11. 
Enforcement Events and no Events of Default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an Issuer Winding-up occurs, or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the Guarantor (except, in each case, for the purposes of an 
amalgamation, merger, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent), any Noteholder, in respect of a 
Guaranteed Subordinated Note and provided that such Noteholder does not contravene a previously 
adopted Extraordinary Resolution (if any) may, by written notice to the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor, 
declare that such Guaranteed Subordinated Note and all interest then accrued but unpaid on such 
Subordinated shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and

--- Page 167 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
payable at its principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any outstanding 
Arrears of Interest. 
In such case the Holder of a Guaranteed Subordinated Note may, at its sole discretion, institute steps in 
order to obtain a judgment against the Dutch Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any amounts due in respect 
of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, including, but not limited to, proving and/or claiming in an Issuer 
Winding-up or in the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or insolvency proceeding of the Guarantor for 
such amount. 
Each Holder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings as it may think 
fit to enforce any term or condition binding on the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor under the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee but in no event shall the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor by the virtue 
of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
No remedy against the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor, other than as referred to in this Condition 11 shall 
be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee or in respect of any other breach by the Dutch Issuer or the 
Guarantor of any of their respective other obligations under or in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or the Guarantee. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Substitution 
The Dutch Issuer, or any previous substituted company, and the Guarantor may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute the Dutch Issuer as principal debtor under 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company (the "Substitute") that is 
a subsidiary or an affiliate of the Guarantor, provided that no payment in respect of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a 
deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 16 (Form of Deed Poll), and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the 
Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any 
Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and Coupons shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by 
means of the Deed Poll and a deed of guarantee substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 18 (Form of Substitute Deed of Guarantee) (the "Substitute Deed of 
Guarantee"), (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, 
Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant and Substitute Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Documents") 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or the Guarantor (as 
applicable), and in the case of the Deed Poll and the Substitute Deed of Guarantee have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the 
Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party 
to it, (v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the Dutch 
Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered by the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor to the Fiscal Agent to the 
effect that the Documents and, as the case may be, the Substitute Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and the Guarantor, (vi) the Dutch Issuer 
shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, 
or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to

--- Page 168 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, (vii) each Rating Agency has confirmed 
that upon such substitution becoming effective the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes will either still be 
eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the Rating 
Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an 
ordinary share) as is attributed to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on the date immediately prior to 
such substitution or such eligibility or attribution will not be adversely affected and (viii) an officer of the 
Dutch Issuer or an officer of the Substitute shall have certified to the Fiscal Agent that, following 
consultation with an independent investment bank of international repute, an independent financial 
adviser with appropriate expertise or independent counsel of recognised standing, the Dutch Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Substitute has concluded that such substitution (A) will not result in the Substitute 
having an entitlement, as at the date such substitution becomes effective, to redeem the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes as a result of a Tax Event, a Capital Event, an Accounting Event, a Change of Control 
Event or a Withholding Tax Event and (B) will not result in the terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes immediately following such substitution being materially less favourable to Noteholders than the 
terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such substitution.  
14. 
Replacement of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
If any Guaranteed Subordinated Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or 
the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are then 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Dutch Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and 
the Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar 
or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
The Dutch Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Dutch Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Dutch Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 169 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by 
an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor and 
shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes held or represented; provided, 
however, that Reserved Noteholder Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Guaranteed Subordinated Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed 
at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed 
of Guarantee may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless, in the opinion of the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor (acting in good 
faith), it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the 
opinion of the Dutch Issuer (acting in good faith), not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark replacement) or 
Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation), certain changes may be made to the provisions of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in each such Condition, 
without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution and Variation: If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and at any time after the Issue Date of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Dutch Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor determines that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a 
Capital Event has occurred, the Dutch Issuer may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, on any applicable Interest Payment Date, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, (a) exchange the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (the "Exchanged Subordinated Notes") 
into new Guaranteed Subordinated Notes of the Guarantor or the Dutch Issuer or any wholly-owned direct 
or indirect subsidiary of the Guarantor (a "Substitute Issuer") with a guarantee of the Guarantor, or (b) 
vary the terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (the "Varied Subordinated Notes"), so that in 
either case (I) in the case of a Tax Event, in respect of (A) the Dutch Issuer’s (or Substitute Issuer’s) 
obligation to make any payment of interest under the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied 
Subordinated Notes or (B) the obligation of the Substitute Loan Borrower to make any payment of interest 
in favour of the Dutch Issuer (or Substitute Issuer) under the Subordinated Loan (or any replacement 
thereof between the Subordinated Loan Borrower and Substitute Issuer), the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be) is entitled to claim a deduction or a higher deduction (as the 
case may be) in respect of interest paid when computing its tax liabilities in the Kingdom of Spain, the 
Netherlands or in the taxing jurisdiction of the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be), as compared with 
the entitlement after the occurrence of the relevant Tax Event, (II) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, 
in making any payments in respect of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes 
or Exchanged or Varied Guarantee (as defined below), the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor or the Substitute 
Issuer are not required to pay a greater amount of Additional Amounts in respect of the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes or Exchanged or Varied Guarantee (as defined below), 
(III) in the case of an Accounting Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated 
Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) is recorded as “equity” to the maximum extent 
possible in any of the consolidated financial information of the Guarantor pursuant to IFRS-EU or any 
other accounting standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of consolidated financial

--- Page 170 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
statements of the Guarantor, or (IV) in the case of a Capital Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) is assigned “equity 
credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree 
to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) by the relevant Rating Agency 
that is equal to or greater than that which was assigned to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes on the Issue 
Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating 
Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the 
first time). 
Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Dutch Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
the Dutch Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) 
on which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are for the time being admitted to trading, and (for 
so long as the rules of such exchange require) the publication of any appropriate supplement, 
listing particulars or offering circular in connection therewith, and the Exchanged Subordinated 
Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes continue to be admitted to trading on the same stock 
exchange as the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes if they were admitted to trading immediately 
prior to the relevant exchange or variation; 
(iii) 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes shall: (A) rank, at least pari 
passu with the ranking of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes prior to the exchange or variation 
(B) have the benefit of a guarantee (the “Exchanged or Varied Guarantee”) from the Guarantor 
on terms not less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Guarantee (as reasonably 
determined by the Dutch Issuer or Substitute Issuer and the Guarantor), (C) benefit from the 
same or more favourable interest rates and the same Interest Payment Dates, the same Reset 
Date(s) and early redemption rights (provided that the relevant exchange or variation may not 
itself trigger any early redemption right), the same rights to accrued interest or Arrears of Interest 
and any other amounts payable under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes which, in each case, 
has accrued to the Noteholders and has not been paid, the same rights to principal and interest, 
and, if publicly rated by a Rating Agency immediately prior to such exchange or variation, at 
least the same credit rating requested by the Dutch Issuer or on the Dutch Issuer's behalf 
immediately after such exchange or variation by each such Rating Agency (as the case may be), 
as compared with the relevant rating(s) immediately prior to such exchange or variation (as 
determined by the Dutch Issuer or Substitute Issuer and the Guarantor using reasonable measures 
available to it including discussions with the relevant Rating Agency to the extent practicable) 
(D) shall not contain terms providing for the mandatory deferral of interest and (E) not contain 
terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to shares;  
(iv) 
the preconditions to redemption set out in Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption)  having 
been satisfied and the terms of the exchange or variation (in the sole opinion of the Dutch Issuer 
or Substitute Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be) not being prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders, including compliance with paragraph (iii) above, as certified to the benefit of 
the Noteholders by two directors of the Guarantor, having consulted with an independent 
investment bank of international standing, and any such certificate shall, absent fraud or manifest 
error, be final and binding on all parties. However, a change in the governing law of the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Status and Subordination) to the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Substitute Issuer, in connection with any substitution pursuant to this 
Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation), shall be deemed not to be prejudicial to the interests 
of the Holders and, if the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute Issuer is not the Kingdom 
of Spain, Condition 4 (Status and Subordination) shall be modified so as to reflect a substantially 
equivalent ranking for Noteholders which, in the opinion of the Dutch Issuer and the Substitute 
Issuer, would have applied had there been no substitution; and 
(v) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Dutch Issuer (copies of which shall be made available 
to the Noteholders for inspection on a non-reliance basis at the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent during usual office hours) from one or more international law firms of good reputation 
selected by the Dutch Issuer or the Guarantor confirming (x) that each of the Dutch Issuer and 
the Guarantor has capacity to assume all rights, duties and obligations under the Exchanged

--- Page 171 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes and the Exchanged or Varied Guarantee (as 
the case may be) and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental authorisation to 
assume all such rights and obligations and (y) the legality, validity and enforceability of the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes. 
(d) 
Withholding in the Netherlands: Notwithstanding Condition 16(a) (Meetings of Noteholders), if at any 
time after the Issue Date, the Dutch Issuer is required to withhold on account of Taxes imposed or levied 
in the Netherlands on any payment under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, the Dutch Issuer may on 
any applicable Interest Payment Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, (i) exchange the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes into new securities of the Guarantor or the Dutch Issuer or any wholly-
owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Guarantor with a guarantee of the Guarantor, or (ii) vary the 
terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the 
fulfilment of the same conditions as described under Condition 16(c) (Substitution and Variation) in 
relation to Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes as if a Tax Event, a Withholding 
Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, except that the fulfilment of the 
preconditions to redemption set out in Condition 7(j) (Preconditions to Redemption)  as required by 
Condition 16(c)(iv) above shall be replaced by the delivery by the Guarantor to the Fiscal Agent of a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Guarantor and an opinion of independent tax advisers, in each 
case stating the Dutch Issuer is required to withhold on account of Taxes imposed or levied in the 
Netherlands on a payment under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Dutch Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
19. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are governed by English law, except for 
Conditions 4(a) and 4(b), which are governed by Dutch law and Conditions 4(d) and 4(e) which are 
governed by Spanish law.

--- Page 172 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 20(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any court 
of a Member State under the Brussels Ia Regulation (in accordance with Chapter II, Sections 1 and 2 
thereof) or of a State that is a party to the Lugano II Convention (in accordance with Title II, Sections 1 
and 2 thereof). To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number 
of competent jurisdictions in accordance with this Condition 20. 
(e) 
Service of process: Each of the Guarantor and the Dutch Issuer agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London 
EC4A 4AB, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in 
England or Wales as the Dutch Issuer and the Guarantor may specify by notice in writing to the 
Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20:  
"Brussels Ia Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters, as amended; and 
"Lugano II Convention" means the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters, signed on 30 October 2007.

--- Page 173 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Spanish Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Senior Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated []

--- Page 174 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020/2021/2022/January 
2023/March 2023] Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 
2019/18 March 2020/8 March 2022/9 March 2023] and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 
April 2025. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Senior Notes and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 
March 2019/18 March 2020/8 March 2022/9 March 2023] and are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Spanish Issuer and the offer of the Senior Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York 
Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
and 
will 
be 
available 
at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Spanish Issuer") 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Senior Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Senior Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series with [] on [[]/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 27 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]

--- Page 175 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral 
multiples of the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
 
[[][] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes, except for in the context of 
Zero Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more 
than 100% of the Senior Notes) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the Interest 
Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below)]

--- Page 176 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, commencing from []] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph [vi] 
below/, unadjusted]  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest payable 
for any Interest Period is to be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6(e)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Additional Business Centre(s)]: 
[] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 177 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Determination:   
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Senior Notes are due 
and payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment 
Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date  
(Include this wording for Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement of 
the Fiscal Agent.)  
(In the case of SONIA, SOFR or €STR) [[] London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date 
 
[The date falling [] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Spanish 
Issuer elects to redeem the Senior Notes before the 
Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption (include 
for Payment Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 
Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
 
•            "p": 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]

--- Page 178 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method:  
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Lockout/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Lookback 
Period:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Lookback Period should be at least 
as many Business Days before the Interest Payment 
Date as the Interest Determination Date. "Observation 
Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date:  
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable 
(include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is 
applicable: 
 
 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
€STR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date:  
[]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[]/[As per the Conditions]   
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is 
five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Number:  
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
• 
Numerator:  
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 179 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[]/ EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index 
/ USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 180 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
17. 
Step Up Event 
[Applicable, the Senior Notes constitute Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and []] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(iv) 
[Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]

--- Page 181 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
(v) 
[EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(vi) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 3 
Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of an EVCP 
Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the last 
day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] [in the case of [specify relevant 
period/date(s)]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable]

--- Page 182 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
22. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
25. 
Condition 14(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Redemption Premium Event 
[Applicable, the Senior Notes constitute Redemption 
Premium 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event [] [and []] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event [] [and []]

--- Page 183 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
 
(ii) Redemption Premium Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
 
(iii) [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(iv) [Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(v) [EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if 
more than one Reference Year is included] subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
 
(vi) Redemption Premium Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium Events] 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline 
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the last 
day of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
29. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 184 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Senior Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 185 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Spanish Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [].] [Application will be made by the Spanish Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Senior Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Senior Notes is not endorsed

--- Page 186 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Senior Notes is endorsed by a credit 
agency which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Senior Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Senior Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Spanish Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates and volatility can be obtained 
[but not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[]

--- Page 187 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as 
the Spanish Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Senior 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Senior Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend

--- Page 188 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi)    Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 189 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, OR WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] / []] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified

--- Page 190 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Spanish Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Senior Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated []] (together, the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the 
Senior Notes described herein for the and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019/2020/2021/2022/January 
2023/March 2023] Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 
2019/18 March 2020/8 March 2022/9 March 2023] and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 
April 2025. This Pricing Supplement contains the pricing supplement of the Senior Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information ([together], the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 March 2019/18 March 2020/8 March 2022/9 March 2023] and 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating 
to the issue of Notes described herein.] 
The Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London 
EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and 
will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Spanish Issuer") 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Senior Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Senior Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 27 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about []].]

--- Page 191 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples of 
the specified minimum denomination) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[month] [year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
[[][] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Event]] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption will be at 100% of the nominal amount 
of the Senior Notes, except for in the context of Zero 
Coupon Notes, where redemption may be at more than 
100% of the Senior Notes) 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) [[date]/the Interest 
Commencement Date], up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15] applies] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Material Asset Sale Put Option] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option]

--- Page 192 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, commencing from []] [up to and 
including the [date]/Maturity Date] [[in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph [vi] 
below/, unadjusted]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification: The amount of interest payable for any 
Interest Period is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(e)) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / [other Day Count Fraction listed in the 
Conditions]] 
 
(vi) 
[Business Day Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention] 
 
(vii) 
[Additional Business Centre(s)]: 
[] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment  
Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention / [any 
other Business Day Convention listed in the Conditions]]

--- Page 193 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Determination:   
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Senior Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment Date at 
the end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date (Include this 
wording for Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement of 
the Fiscal Agent.) 
(In the case of SONIA, SOFR or €STR) [[] London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period] 
 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Spanish Issuer 
elects to redeem the Senior Notes before the Maturity 
Date, the date fixed for redemption (include for Payment 
Delay only)]/[Not Applicable]  
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 
Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
•            "p": 
[]

--- Page 194 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lockout/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Lookback 
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Lookback Period should be at least as 
many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as 
the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-
back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable 
(include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is applicable: 
 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
€STR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest 
Period)] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place: 
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is five 
or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable.) 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
• 
Numerator: 
[]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 195 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[]/ EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index / 
USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift  
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business 
Days]]

--- Page 196 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / [other]] 
17. 
Step Up Event 
[Applicable, the Senior Notes constitute Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and []] 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
(iii) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] subject 
to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13]]

--- Page 197 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
[Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] subject 
to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13]] 
 
(v) 
[EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if more 
than one Reference Year is included] subject to increase 
as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in accordance 
with Condition 13]] 
 
(vi) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 3 
Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of an EVCP 
Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the last day 
of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call) falling [on]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] [Repeat as necessary] 
 
[(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
[specify 
relevant 
period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) 
– (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable]

--- Page 198 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
22. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
25. 
Condition 14(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
Void): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Redemption Premium Event 
[Applicable the Senior Notes constitute Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event: [] [and []]

--- Page 199 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
[In respect of the EVCP Event: [] [and []] 
 
(ii) Redemption Premium Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and/or] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and/or] [EVCP Event] 
 
(iii) [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] subject 
to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
(iv) [Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] subject 
to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 13] 
 
(v) [EVCP Increase Threshold: 
[] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if more 
than one Reference Year is included] subject to increase 
as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in accordance 
with Condition 13] 
 
(vi) Redemption Premium Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a Scope 
3 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of an 
EVCP Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium Events] 
 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event], [180] days after [the last day 
of the relevant Target Observation Period].] 
[In relation to an EVCP Event, [180] days after [the 
Target Observation Date].] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 200 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
29. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Senior Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
32. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(consider if additional risk factors are 
required) 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 201 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Spanish Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to trading on [] 
with effect from [].] [Application will be made by the 
Spanish Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 (ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Senior Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Senior Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.]/ 
 
 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
given to the Senior Notes is endorsed by a credit agency

--- Page 202 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Senior Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Senior Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Spanish Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates and volatility can be obtained 
[but not] free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 203 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As 
far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Spanish Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS]] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Senior Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Senior Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[[and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Senior Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 204 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]  
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 205 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Spanish Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Subordinated Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 206 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Reset Rate Deeply 
Subordinated Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information.]  
Full information on the Spanish Issuer and the offer of the Subordinated Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York 
Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
and 
will 
be 
available 
at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Spanish Issuer") 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Subordinated Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 
below [which is expected to occur on or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []]

--- Page 207 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples of 
the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [14] below) 
 
9. 
Interest Deferral – Optional 
Interest Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
10. 
Relevant Period(s): 
[Any day in the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) [date]]  
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call Option] 
[Make Whole Call Option]  
[Accounting Event] 
 
 
 
[Capital Event] 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [15/16/17/18/19/20] below)] 
 
12. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Subordinated Notes 
obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[]  per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap] [Reference Bond] 
 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[]  
 
 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(Specify different Margins for different periods if appropriate) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)] 
/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xvi)  
[Business Day 
Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention 
/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year][As per Conditions] 
 
 
(xviii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(xix) 
Quotation Time: 
[] [11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency] 
 
 
(xx) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent) 
[] 
 
 
(xxii) 
Step Up after Change of 
Control Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxiii) Step Up Margin after 
Change of Control 
Event: 
[5] per cent. per annum 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 209 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
16. 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] [in the case 
of [specify relevant period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) 
of this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
17. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
18. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 210 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each 
Subordinated Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption when applicable: 
[As per Conditions/[] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] days' 
notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
23. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
24. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
27. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Subordinated Notes) 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 211 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Spanish Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[].] [Application will be made by the Spanish Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Subordinated Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Subordinated Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
Rating Agencies:  
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Subordinated Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] /  
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit

--- Page 212 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Subordinated Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
given to the Subordinated Notes is endorsed by a credit 
agency which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Subordinated 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text does not 
form part of the Conditions: The Spanish Issuer intends 
(without thereby assuming any obligation) at any time that 
it will redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes only to 
the extent that the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not 
exceed such part of the net proceeds received by the Spanish 
Issuer or any subsidiary of the Spanish Issuer on or prior to 
the date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale or 
issuance by the Spanish Issuer or such subsidiary to third 
party purchasers (other than group entities of the Spanish 
Issuer) of securities which are assigned by S&P, at the time 
of sale or issuance, an aggregate “equity credit” (or such 
similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) that 
is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or repurchased at 
the time of their issuance (but taking into account any 
changes in hybrid capital methodology or another relevant 
methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance 
of the Subordinated Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the rating assigned by S&P to the Spanish Issuer is 
the same as or higher than the long-term corporate 
credit rating assigned to the Spanish Issuer on the 
date when the most recent additional hybrid 
security was issued (excluding refinancings) and 
the Spanish Issuer is of the view that such rating 
would not fall below this level as a result of such 
redemption or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase is of 
less than (a) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding hybrid securities of the 
Group in any period of 12 consecutive months or 
(b) 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount

--- Page 213 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
of the outstanding hybrid securities of the Group in 
any period of 10 consecutive years; or 
(iii) 
if the Subordinated Notes are not assigned an 
“equity credit” by S&P (or such similar 
nomenclature then used by S&P at the time of such 
redemption or repurchase); or 
(iv) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase relates 
to an aggregate principal amount of Subordinated 
Notes which is less than or equal to the excess (if 
any) above the maximum aggregate principal 
amount of the Spanish Issuer’s hybrid capital to 
which S&P then assigns equity content under its 
prevailing methodology; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are redeemed pursuant to 
a Tax Event, a Capital Event, an Accounting Event, 
a Change of Control Event, a Clean-Up Call 
Option or a Withholding Tax Event; or 
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after 
the Reset Date falling on [●].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Spanish 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
5. 
[YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 214 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As 
far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Spanish Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
[Yes. Subordinated Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Subordinated Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Subordinated Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Subordinated 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Subordinated Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include this 
text for registered notes]]. Subordinated Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Subordinated Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 215 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
(vi)    Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 216 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Subordinated 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, OR WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] / []] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 217 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Spanish Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Subordinated Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Reset Rate Deeply 
Subordinated Notes]  
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental 
Base Prospectus dated []] (together, the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement 
of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]  
The Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London 
EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and 
will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Subordinated Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Spanish Issuer") 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Subordinated Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Subordinated Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []]

--- Page 218 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified         
Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples of the 
specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14] below) 
 
9. 
Interest Deferral – Optional 
Interest Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
10. 
Relevant Period(s): 
[Any day in the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) [date]) [date] ] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call Option] 
[Make Whole Call Option]  
[Accounting Event] 
 
 
 
[Capital Event] 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [15/6/17/18/19/20] below)] 
 
12. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Subordinated Notes 
obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Rate 
[Mid-Swap] [Reference Bond] 
 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 219 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(Specify different Margins for different periods if appropriate) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)] 
/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobon
d Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xvi)  
[Business Day 
Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year][As per Conditions] 
 
 
(xviii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(xix) 
Quotation Time: 
[] [11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency] 
 
 
(xx) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent) 
[] 
 
 
(xxii) 
Step Up after Change of 
Control Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxiii) Step Up Margin after 
Change of Control 
Event: 
[5] per cent. per annum 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 220 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
16. 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] [in the case of 
[specify relevant period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[] per cent. 
 
 
(b) 
Reference 
Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation 
Time: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
17. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
18. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 221 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each 
Subordinated Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption when applicable: 
[As per Conditions/ [] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] days' 
notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
23. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
24. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive 
Subordinated Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
27. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 222 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 223 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Spanish Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [] with effect from [].] [Application will be 
made by the Spanish Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Subordinated Notes to be admitted to trading on [] with 
effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Subordinated Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
 (ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Subordinated Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
Rating Agencies:  
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Subordinated Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and

--- Page 224 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
the rating it has given to the Subordinated Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]/ 
 
 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Subordinated Notes is endorsed by a 
credit agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Subordinated Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text does 
not form part of the Conditions: The Spanish Issuer 
intends (without thereby assuming any obligation) at any 
time that it will redeem or repurchase the Subordinated 
Notes only to the extent that the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or 
repurchased does not exceed such part of the net proceeds 
received by the Spanish Issuer or any subsidiary of the 
Spanish Issuer on or prior to the date of such redemption 
or repurchase from the sale or issuance by the Spanish 
Issuer or such subsidiary to third party purchasers (other 
than group entities of the Spanish Issuer) of securities 
which are assigned by S&P, at the time of sale or 
issuance, an aggregate “equity credit” (or such similar 
nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) that is 
equal to or greater than the “equity credit” assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or repurchased at 
the time of their issuance (but taking into account any 
changes in hybrid capital methodology or another 
relevant methodology or the interpretation thereof since 
the issuance of the Subordinated Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the rating assigned by S&P to the Spanish Issuer 
is the same as or higher than the long-term 
corporate credit rating assigned to the Spanish 
Issuer on the date when the most recent 
additional hybrid security was issued (excluding 
refinancings) and the Spanish Issuer is of the 
view that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or 
repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase is of 
less than (a) 10 per cent. of the aggregate

--- Page 225 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
principal amount of the outstanding hybrid 
securities of the Group in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (b) 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
hybrid securities of the Group in any period of 
10 consecutive years; or 
(iii) 
if the Subordinated Notes are not assigned an 
“equity credit” by S&P (or such similar 
nomenclature then used by S&P at the time of 
such redemption or repurchase); or 
(iv) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase 
relates to an aggregate principal amount of 
Subordinated Notes which is less than or equal 
to the excess (if any) above the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of the Spanish 
Issuer’s hybrid capital to which S&P then 
assigns equity content under its prevailing 
methodology; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are redeemed pursuant 
to a Tax Event, a Capital Event, an Accounting 
Event, a Change of Control Event, a Clean-Up 
Call Option or a Withholding Tax Event; or 
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or 
after the Reset Date falling on [].] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Spanish Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
 [YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[]

--- Page 226 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Spanish Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as 
the Spanish Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Subordinated Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Subordinated Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Subordinated 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Subordinated Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Subordinated Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. 
Subordinated Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Subordinated Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the

--- Page 227 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
7. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 228 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Dutch Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 229 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493007WHKI5H75YJ358 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Reset Rate Guaranteed 
Deeply Subordinated Notes] 
Guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
under the €12,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2024] Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [14 May 2024] and incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 April 2025. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [14 May 2024] and are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from 
The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
[Where listing is not on an EU regulated market, references to the Prospectus Regulation in the Final Terms 
should be removed.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Dutch Issuer") 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]

--- Page 230 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Guaranteed Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral 
multiples of the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [14] below) 
 
9. 
Interest Deferral – Optional 
Interest Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
10. 
Relevant Period(s): 
[Any day in the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) [date]]  
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call Option] 
[Make Whole Call Option]  
[Accounting Event] 
 
 
 
[Capital Event] 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [15/16/17/18/19/20] below)] 
 
12. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 231 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[]  per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap] [Reference Bond] 
 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[]  
 
 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(Specify different Margins for different periods if appropriate) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)] 
/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xvi)  
[Business Day 
Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year][As per Conditions] 
 
 
(xviii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(xix) 
Quotation Time: 
[] [11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency] 
 
 
(xx) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
[]

--- Page 232 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent) 
 
(xxii) 
Step Up after Change of 
Control Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Step Up Margin after 
Change of Control Event: 
[5] per cent. per annum 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
16. 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] [in the case of 
[specify relevant period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[] per cent. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 233 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
17. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
18. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Notice period:  
[] 
 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each 
Subordinated Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption when applicable: 
[As per Conditions/[] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] days' 
notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
23. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 234 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
24. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
27. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes) 
 
28. 
Subordinated Loan: 
[] 
 
29. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower: 
[]/[Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 235 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Dutch Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [].] [Application will be made by 
the Dutch Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
Rating Agencies:  
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on

--- Page 236 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is 
endorsed by a credit agency which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text does 
not form part of the Conditions: The Guarantor intends 
(without thereby assuming any obligation) at any time that 
it or the Dutch Issuer will redeem or repurchase the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes only to the extent that the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does 
not exceed such part of the net proceeds received by the 
Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor on or prior 
to the date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale 
or issuance by the Guarantor or such subsidiary to third 
party purchasers (other than group entities of the 
Guarantor) of securities which are assigned by S&P, at 
the time of sale or issuance, an aggregate “equity credit” 
(or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to 
time) that is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” 
assigned to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed or repurchased at the time of their issuance (but 
taking into account any changes in hybrid capital 
methodology or another relevant methodology or the 
interpretation thereof since the issuance of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the rating assigned by S&P to the Guarantor is 
the same as or higher than the long-term 
corporate 
credit 
rating 
assigned 
to 
the 
Guarantor on the date when the most recent 
additional hybrid security was issued (excluding 
refinancings) and the Guarantor is of the view 
that such rating would not fall below this level as 
a result of such redemption or repurchase; or

--- Page 237 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase is of 
less than (a) 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding hybrid 
securities of the Group in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (b) 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
hybrid securities of the Group in any period of 10 
consecutive years; or 
(iii) 
if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
assigned an “equity credit” by S&P (or such 
similar nomenclature then used by S&P at the 
time of such redemption or repurchase); or 
(iv) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase 
relates to an aggregate principal amount of 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes which is less 
than or equal to the excess (if any) above the 
maximum aggregate principal amount of the 
Guarantor’s hybrid capital to which S&P then 
assigns equity content under its prevailing 
methodology; or 
(v) 
the 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated 
Notes 
are 
redeemed pursuant to a Tax Event, a Capital 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Change of Control 
Event, a Clean-Up Call Option or a Withholding 
Tax Event; or 
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after 
the Reset Date falling on [].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Dutch Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Dutch 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
[YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[]

--- Page 238 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Dutch Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Dutch Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
[Yes. Subordinated Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper[[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]]. Subordinated Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.

--- Page 239 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
(vi)    Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, OR WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] / []] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 241 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Dutch Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493007WHKI5H75YJ358 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Reset Rate Guaranteed 
Deeply Subordinated Notes]  
Guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
under the €12,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated []] (together, the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes described herein for the and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2024] Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [14 May 2024] and incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 April 2025. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [14 May 2024] and are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London 
EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and 
will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Subordinated Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[] (the "Dutch Issuer")

--- Page 242 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series with [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified         
Denominations: 
[]  
(N.B. Guaranteed Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral 
multiples of the specified minimum denomination) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14] below) 
 
9. 
Interest Deferral – Optional 
Interest Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
10. 
Relevant Period(s): 
[Any day in the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) [date]) [date] ] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call Option] 
[Make Whole Call Option]  
[Accounting Event] 
 
 
 
[Capital Event] 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph[s] [15/6/17/18/19/20] below)] 
 
12. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 243 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Rate 
[Mid-Swap] [Reference Bond] 
 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(Specify different Margins for different periods if appropriate) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)] 
/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobon
d Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xvi)  
[Business Day 
Convention]: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year][As per Conditions] 
 
 
(xviii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(xix) 
Quotation Time: 
[] [11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency]

--- Page 244 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
 
(xx) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent) 
[] 
 
 
(xxii) 
Step Up after Change of 
Control Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxiii) Step Up Margin after 
Change of Control 
Event: 
[5] per cent. per annum 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
16. 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] [in the case of 
[specify relevant period/date(s)]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[] per cent. 
 
 
(b) 
Reference 
Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(c) 
Quotation 
Time: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable]

--- Page 245 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
17. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
18. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each 
Subordinated Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)       Notice period:  
[] 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption when applicable: 
[As per Conditions/ [] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE GUARANTEED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] days' 
notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes

--- Page 246 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice / in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
23. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
24. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
27. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes) 
 
28. 
Subordinated Loan: 
[] 
 
29. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower: 
[]/[Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 247 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Dutch Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [].] 
[Application will be made by the Dutch Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
 (ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
Rating Agencies:  
[As per Conditions/[]] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] / 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").] /  
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and

--- Page 248 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.]/ 
 
 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is 
endorsed by a credit agency which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text does 
not form part of the Conditions: The Guarantor intends 
(without thereby assuming any obligation) at any time 
that it or the Dutch Issuer will redeem or repurchase the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes only to the extent that 
the aggregate principal amount of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does 
not exceed such part of the net proceeds received by the 
Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor on or prior 
to the date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale 
or issuance by the Guarantor or such subsidiary to third 
party purchasers (other than group entities of the 
Guarantor) of securities which are assigned by S&P, at 
the time of sale or issuance, an aggregate “equity credit” 
(or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to 
time) that is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” 
assigned to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed or repurchased at the time of their issuance 
(but taking into account any changes in hybrid capital 
methodology or another relevant methodology or the 
interpretation thereof since the issuance of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the rating assigned by S&P to the Guarantor is 
the same as or higher than the long-term 
corporate credit rating assigned to the 
Guarantor on the date when the most recent 
additional hybrid security was issued (excluding 
refinancings) and the Guarantor is of the view

--- Page 249 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
that such rating would not fall below this level 
as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase is of 
less than (a) 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding hybrid 
securities of the Group in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (b) 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
hybrid securities of the Group in any period of 
10 consecutive years; or 
(iii) 
if the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are not 
assigned an “equity credit” by S&P (or such 
similar nomenclature then used by S&P at the 
time of such redemption or repurchase); or 
(iv) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase 
relates to an aggregate principal amount of 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes which is less 
than or equal to the excess (if any) above the 
maximum aggregate principal amount of the 
Guarantor’s hybrid capital to which S&P then 
assigns equity content under its prevailing 
methodology; or 
(v) 
the 
Guaranteed 
Subordinated 
Notes 
are 
redeemed pursuant to a Tax Event, a Capital 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Change of 
Control Event, a Clean-Up Call Option or a 
Withholding Tax Event; or 
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or 
after the Reset Date falling on [].] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 [Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Dutch Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Dutch Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business./[]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
 [YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
[(The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.)]

--- Page 250 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
6. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Clearing System:  
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
 
Name of Replacement Agent (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Dutch Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Dutch Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes. Subordinated Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes which are to be held under the NSS]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for

--- Page 251 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
registered notes]]. Subordinated Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
7. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 252 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Conditions of 
the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global 
Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case 
of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions of the 
Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a 
depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper 
or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time 
to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Dutch Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or 
Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of 
the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy 
and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is 
entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day 
which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" 
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option or Material Asset Sale Put Option: In order to exercise 
the option contained in Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) of the Senior Notes or 
Condition 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) of the Senior Notes the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the

--- Page 253 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of 
Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be 
withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer) of the Senior Notes, and Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the option 
of the Dutch Issuer at par) and Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option of the Dutch Issuer at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price) of the Subordinated Notes and the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, in relation to some only 
of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not 
be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 24 (Notices) of the Senior Notes and Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Subordinated Notes and the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global 
Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 24 (Notices) and Condition 18 (Notices) of the Subordinated Notes and the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the relevant Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated 
in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the relevant Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is 
held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the relevant 
Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant 
clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or EasyWay or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline or Xact Web Portal 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal 
or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
relevant Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having 
rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 254 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
including the repayment or refinancing of indebtedness of the Group. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES                                                                                       
SELECTION OF KPIS AND SPTS 
Introduction 
The Group has established a sustainability strategy for the period of 2022-2030 (the “Sustainability Strategy 
2022-2030”). The Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 was prepared along with a new procedure for its 
implementation based on the approval of three consecutive 3-year plans which chart intermediate objectives tied 
to the achievement of overall targets, the definition of concrete actions in each business unit, and their associated 
budgetary allocations. The first such plan covers the period of 2022-2024 (the “ESG Plan 2022-2024”). 
The objectives of the Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 have been structured around three strategic axes and 9 
strategic objectives that correspond to the material aspects of the organisation: (1) transparency and diligence; (2) 
eco-efficiency and respect; and (3) responsibility and conscience. 
The establishment and update of the Spanish Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework represents an 
important step in aligning the Group’s business and financing strategy with the Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is aligned with the five core principles of the 2023 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (“SLBP”) as published by the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”). The Spanish Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the Second-Party Opinion 
issued in respect thereof by Sustainalytics is available on the website of the Spanish Issuer at 
https://www.abertis.com/financial-information-bond-issues/. 
The Spanish Issuer has selected certain key performance indicators defined as “Scope 1 and 2 Emissions”, “Scope 
3 Emissions” and “EVCP” in the Conditions (the “SLB KPIs”) and certain sustainability performance targets 
defined as the “Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold”, the “Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold” 
and the “EVCP Increase” in the Conditions (the “SLB SPTs”). 
The Spanish Issuer’s SLB KPIs and SLB SPTs contribute to the second axis of eco-efficiency, whose strategic 
objectives include the reduction in the carbon footprint of the organisation and its activities. 
Included below is a summarised description of the SLB KPIs selected by the Spanish Issuer and how SLB SPTs 
are aligned with the Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 for the purpose of issuing Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The Conditions include the provisions setting out how such SLB KPIs and SLB SPTs are defined and calculated 
and any Sustainability-Linked Notes shall be issued pursuant to the terms of the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions  
Description 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions measured, on an absolute 
basis, in tCO2e. 
Rationale and materiality 
of this SLB KPI 
The Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 and the ESG Plan 2022-2024 set 
“reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions” as a strategic objective 
for the Spanish Issuer. 
GHG emissions are therefore deemed to be a material issue for the Spanish Issuer 
to address, and the selection of this SLB KPI is justified on this basis, in 
accordance with the recommendations of the SLBP. 
Relevant methodology, 
benchmark reference and 
calibration 
GHG emissions are measured by the Spanish Issuer in accordance with the 
definitions and measurement methodologies set out in the GHG Protocol 
Standard, and relevant national regulatory requirements regarding GHG 
emissions data reporting in the Group’s countries of operation, as applicable. 
This SLB KPI’s performance is benchmarked against the implied trajectory to 
achieve a 1.5-degree maximum warming scenario set out in the 2015 Paris 
Agreement, in accordance with the relevant methodology published by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”).

--- Page 256 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
The targets relating to this SLB KPI are:  
- 
a reduction in Scope 1 and 2 Emissions by 40% by 2027 against a 2019 
baseline; and 
- 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 Emissions by 50% by 2030 against a 2019 
baseline. 
Alignment to the United 
Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (the 
“UN SDGs”) 
This contributes to the UN SDG 9 – Industry Innovation and Infrastructure, UN 
SDG 11 – Sustainable Cities and Communities, UN SDG 12 – Responsible 
Consumption and Production and UN SDG 13 – Climate Action. 
 
Scope 3 Emissions 
Description 
Scope 3 GHG emissions (purchased goods and services), measured on an 
intensity basis, in tCO2e  per million kms travelled by customers using Company-
managed infrastructure (defined in the Conditions, as the “Scope 3 Emissions 
Ratio”). 
Rationale and materiality 
of this SLB KPI 
The Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 and the ESG Plan 2022-2024 set “reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions from the purchase of products and services in relation 
to km travelled”, “innovate by choosing construction materials with a lower 
environmental impact in their life cycle” and “increase the percentage of recycled 
maintenance materials” as strategic objectives for the Spanish Issuer.  
GHG emissions are therefore deemed to be a material issue for the Spanish Issuer 
to address overall. In the context of Scope 3 GHG emissions, the ‘Purchase of 
Goods and Services’ category is the largest contributor to calculated Scope 3 
GHG emissions in 2023 (that is, excluding the emissions associated with 
customer use of the Spanish Issuer-operated road networks, which are addressed 
via the SLB KPI relating to EVCPs set out below). The selection of this SLB KPI 
is justified on this basis, in accordance with the recommendations of the SLBP.  
Moreover, the selection of this SLB KPI also aligns with the SBTi’s methodology 
of setting a target for Scope 3 GHG emissions when such emissions represent at 
least 40% of the total GHG emissions.  
The rationale for the selection of an intensity-based metric, which is normalised 
against the number of kilometres travelled by the Spanish Issuer’s customers 
using Company-managed infrastructure, is that an increase in kilometres 
travelled by customers using the Spanish Issuer’s roads implies an increase in the 
associated maintenance/capex works required, which is directly related to 
materials consumption levels. 
Relevant methodology, 
benchmark reference and 
calibration 
GHG emissions are measured by the Spanish Issuer in accordance with the 
definitions and measurement methodologies set out in the GHG Protocol 
Standard, and on the basis of physical data related to the consumption of the main 
materials and energy associated with toll roads maintenance, altogether with an 
estimate based on economic data for the services acquired during the year by the 
Group. 
The targets relating to this SLB KPI are:  
- 
reduction in the Scope 3 Emissions Ratio by 16% by 2027 against a 2019 
baseline; and

--- Page 257 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
 
Electric Vehicle Charging Points (EVCPs)  
Description 
Number of electric vehicle charging points (“EVCP”s) installed 
Rationale and materiality 
of this SLB KPI 
The Sustainability Strategy 2022-2030 and the ESG Plan 2022-2024 set 
“reduction in the carbon footprint of the organisation and its activities” and 
“increase the number of charging points for electric vehicles on motorways” as 
strategic objectives for the Spanish Issuer. 
The Spanish Issuer intends to develop and deploy techniques and technologies 
available to reduce the level of emissions associated with customer use of 
Company-managed infrastructure. The commitment to increase the availability 
of EV charging infrastructure for the benefit of drivers driving longer distances 
will alleviate a key barrier (‘range anxiety’) to increased adoption of EV 
technology, thereby facilitating the targeted decarbonisation of the transportation 
system, as per the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement. 
Supporting electric infrastructure for the electrification of transport is aligned 
with the definitions of a ‘sustainable activity’ contributing substantially to climate 
change mitigation as per the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
Relevant methodology, 
benchmark reference and 
calibration 
The Spanish Issuer has benchmarked its performance and plans in this area 
against a variety of publicly or commercially available datasets, including: IHS 
Markit; IEA; Bloomberg NEF; Fortune Business Insights and The Business 
Research Company and Technavio, showing the anticipated growth in EVCP 
installation. 
The target relating to this SLB KPI is to increase the number of EVCPs installed 
up to 833 new EVCPs by 2027. 
Alignment to the UN 
SDGs 
This SLB KPI contributes to the UN SDG 9 – Industry Innovation and 
Infrastructure, UN SDG 11 – Sustainable Cities and Communities, UN SDG 12 
– Responsible Consumption and Production and UN SDG 13 – Climate Action. 
 
Upon a Sustainability-Linked Note being issued, the Spanish Issuer will report on the progress of the relevant 
SLB KPI(s) against the relevant SLB SPT(s) by way of the publication of an SLB Progress Report, which will be 
accompanied by an Assurance Report, as further set out in the definition of “Reporting Requirements” in the 
Conditions. The SLB Progress Report and Assurance Report will be published on the Issuers' website at 
https://www.abertis.com/financial-information-bond-issues/ by no later than the Notification Deadline set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Spanish Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, any Second-Party 
Opinion, SLB Progress Report, Assurance Report, or other review, report, verification or certification (including 
any post-issuance report prepared by an external reviewer) and any other document related thereto is not, and shall 
not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
- 
reduction in the Scope 3 Emissions Ratio by 22% by 2030 against a 2019 
baseline. 
Alignment to the UN 
SDGs 
This KPI contributes to the UN SDG 9 – Industry Innovation and Infrastructure, 
UN SDG 11 – Sustainable Cities and Communities, UN SDG 12 – Responsible 
Consumption and Production and UN SDG 13 – Climate Action.

--- Page 258 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE SPANISH ISSUER 
Incorporation and Status 
The Spanish Issuer was incorporated in Barcelona, Spain on 24 February 1967 pursuant to the Spanish Companies 
Act as a public limited company (a sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the name Autopistas, Concesionaria 
Española, S.A., subsequently changed to Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. The Spanish Issuer is incorporated for an 
unlimited term and operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Spanish Issuer is at Paseo de la 
Castellana, 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is +34 915951000. The Spanish Issuer is 
registered with the Madrid Commercial Registry at volume (tomo) 41,584, sheet (folio) 124 and page (hoja) M-
660899.  
Share Capital and Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Spanish Issuer amounts to €328,163,533.56 
represented by 911,565,371 shares with a nominal value of €0.36 per share. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
98.7 per cent. of the Spanish Issuer's share capital is held by Abertis HoldCo, S.A. ("Abertis HoldCo"), which in 
turn has three shareholders: Mundys holds a 50 per cent. stake, ACS holds a 30 per cent. stake plus one share and 
its subsidiary Hochtief AG ("Hochtief") has a 20 per cent. stake minus one share. See "Information on the Group—
History—Acquisition by Mundys, ACS and Hochtief" and "Risk Factors—The interests of the Group's 
shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of Notes". 
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled "Information on the Group – 
History" in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled "Information on the 
Group – Overview of the Group's Business" in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of the 
board of directors of the Spanish Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Mr.  Juan Santamaría Cases 
Chairman 
Executive Chairman of the CIMIC Group, Board 
Member 
of 
Cimic 
Group Limited, 
CPB 
Contractors PTY Limited, EIC Activities PTY 
Limited (NZ), EIC Activities PTY Ltd., Leighton 
Properties PTY Limited, Pacific Partnerships 
Holdings PTY Ltd., Pacific Partnerships Holdings 
PTY Ltd., Sedgman PTY Limited, Thiess Group 
Finance PTY Ltd., Thiess Group Finance Usa 
PTY Ltd., Thiess Group Holdings PTY Ltd. and 
UGL PTY Limited; CEO of Hochtief AG and 
CEO of ACS Actividades de Construcción y 
Servicios S.A. 
Mr. Francisco José Aljaro Navarro
 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
N/A 
Mr. Pedro José López Jiménez 
 
Director 
Director, Vice-Chairman of the Executive 
Committee and Member of the Appointments

--- Page 259 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
Committee 
of 
ACS 
Actividades 
de 
Construcciones y Servicios S.A.; Chairman of 
Dragados S.A.; Vice-Chairman and acting 
Chairman of ACS Servicios y Concesiones S.A.; 
Vice-Chairman 
of 
ACS 
Servicios, 
Comunicaciones y Energía; Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board, the Human Resources 
Committee and the Appointments Committee of 
Hochtief AG; Member of the Board of Directors, 
the Remuneration and Appointments Committee 
and the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability 
Committee of CIMIC; Member of the Board of 
Trustees and the Executive Board of the Museo 
Picasso Málaga; Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Trustees of the Royal National Library of Spain; 
and Vice-Chairman of Real Madrid Football Club. 
Mr. Claudio Boada Pallerés 
Director 
Senior Advisor of Blackstone for Spain and 
Portugal,  Chairman of Anticipa Real Estate and 
Testa Inmobiliaria and Fidere; Member of the 
Board of Directors of HIP (Hotel Investment 
Partners) and other firms of the Blackstone 
Group; non-executive Chairman of Aegon 
España, S.A.; Chairman of the Advisory Board of 
SAP Spain; Member of the Advisory Board of the 
Franklin Institute, attached to the University of 
Alcalá de Henares; and Founding Member of 
Fundación Créate. 
Ms. Elisabetta De Bernardi di 
Valserra 
Director 
Manager of Asset Management of Mundys, S.p.A. 
and Member of the Board of Directors of several 
Mundys Group companies. 
Mr. José Luis Del Valle Pérez 
Director 
Member of the Board and General Secretary of 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, 
S.A. and Member of the Board and Secretary of 
its main subsidiaries: Dragados S.A., ACS 
Servicios y Concesiones S.L. and ACS Servicios, 
Comunicaciones y Energía S.L.; and Member of 
the Board of other listed or formerly listed foreign 
subsidiaries of ACS, the German company 
Hochtief AG and CIMIC. 
Mr. Ángel García Altozano 
Director 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Hochtief  
AG and of different subsidiaries of the ACS 
group. 
Mr. Enrico Laghi 
Director 
CEO of Edizione; Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Studio Laghi S.r.l.; Board Member of 
MilanoSesto S.p.A.; Liquidator of Lkts S.p.A. and 
of the Ktesios Group companies; Liquidator of 
Air Italy S.p.A.; Liquidating Commissioner of the 
IMAIE - Istituto Mutualistico per la tutela degli 
Artisti Interpreti Esecutori (Institute for the 
Protection of Performers' Rights); and member of 
the Board of Directors of the OIV - Organismo 
Italiano delle Valutazioni (Italian Valuation 
Authority). 
Mr Jonathan Kelly 
Director 
Senior Managing Director at Blackstone

--- Page 260 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
 
The business address of each of the members of the board of directors at the date of this Base Prospectus is Paseo 
de la Castellana 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain.  
Credit Ratings 
The Spanish Issuer has been assigned long term credit ratings of BBB- (stable outlook) and BBB (stable outlook) 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), respectively. The 
Spanish Issuer has been assigned short term credit ratings of A-3, and F3 by S&P and Fitch, respectively. Each of 
S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Spanish Issuer to the 
Spanish Issuer and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
 
 
 
Ms. Nuria Haltiwanger 
Director 
CEO of Iridium Concesiones de Infraestructuras, 
S.A.; and Board Chair, Director, and Chief 
Executive Officer of both ACS Infrastructure 
Development, Inc. and ACS Infrastructure 
Canada Inc. 
Mr. Andrea Mangoni 
Director 
CEO of Mundys S.p.A. 
Mr. Miquel Roca Junyent 
Director 
Partner and President of RocaJunyent; Member of 
the Board of ACS, Actividades de Construcciones 
y Servicios S.A. and AGBAR; and Secretary non-
director of the Board of Banco de Sabadell, S.A., 
TPYSA and Werfen, S.A.

--- Page 261 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE DUTCH ISSUER 
Introduction 
Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. (the “Dutch Issuer”) was incorporated on 4 November 2004 in the 
Netherlands as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
under the laws of the Netherlands. Its statutory seat is at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its business address is 
at Rapenburgerstraat 177 C, 1011 VM Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Dutch Issuer's telephone number is 
+31(0)20 521 4777. The Dutch Issuer is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce 
under number 34215458.  
Share Capital 
The authorised share capital of the Dutch Issuer is €90,000 represented by 900 ordinary shares having a nominal 
value of €100 each. As at 31 December 2024, the Dutch Issuer’s issued and fully paid-up share capital was €18,000 
represented by 180 ordinary shares having a nominal value of €100 each. The whole of the issued and paid-up 
share capital of the Dutch Issuer is fully subscribed and paid up by the Guarantor as the sole shareholder. 
Business 
The Dutch Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. The Dutch Issuer is a finance company and one 
of its principal purposes is acting as a holding company and raising finance for the Abertis Group. The Dutch 
Issuer raises funds primarily by issuing negotiable, and non-negotiable, instruments into the capital and money 
markets.  
Managing Directors 
The Managing Directors of the Dutch Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Title
Principal activities
outside the Group
José Luis Viejo Belón 
Managing
Director A
N/A
Silvia Rosina Roger Vallés 
Managing
Director A
N/A
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
Managing
Director B
Provision of specialised
administration services to other 
clients
 
The business address of (i) Mr. José Luis Viejo Belón is Paseo de la Castellana 39, 28046 Madrid, Spain, (ii) Ms. 
Silvia Rosina Roger Vallés is Van Baerlestraat 92C 1071 BB Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and (iii) Intertrust 
(Netherlands) B.V. is Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Dutch Issuer to the 
Dutch Issuer and their respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 262 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
History 
The Group is one of the world's leading toll road manager in terms of kilometres ("km") managed, with 
approximately 7,800 km of high-capacity and quality roads and operations in 15 countries in Europe, the Americas 
and Asia. The Group is a leading toll road operator in countries such as Spain, Chile and Brazil, and has a notable 
and significant presence in France, Italy, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Argentina. The Group also owns two 
concessions in India and one in the United States (the "USA"). 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. Shareholders’ Agreement 
New Shareholders’ Agreement 
Mundys, Hochtief and ACS (the “Shareholders”) on 23 October 2018 entered into a shareholders’ agreement to 
regulate the relationship among the Shareholders as direct shareholders of Abertis HoldCo and indirect 
shareholders of Abertis and its subsidiaries. Such agreement has been replaced by a new shareholders’ agreement 
executed on 11 December 2023 (the “Shareholders’ Agreement” or “SHA”) with the main objective of 
strengthening its global leadership in transport infrastructure concessions. The Shareholders committed to support 
an investment plan to expand the portfolio of assets under management and promote Abertis' growth and value 
creation.  
The Shareholders’ Agreement also includes a new governance scheme whereby Hochtief and ACS (the “ACS 
Group”) and Mundys hold an equal stake in Abertis (50%) and appoint the same number of directors of the 
Spanish Issuer and of Abertis Holdco. Mundys will continue to appoint the CEO and the Secretary of the Board, 
while the ACS Group will appoint the President and the CFO.  
The new governance does not trigger any modification in the consolidation method of the  Spanish Issuer which 
will continue to be consolidated by Mundys being granted (as long as it holds at least 50% of the shares in Abertis 
HoldCo) of casting vote rights with respect to matters that are not reserved matters as provided in the SHA and 
reflected in the By-Laws of Abertis Holdco and of the Spanish Issuer. 
The decisions on the reserved matters will require the affirmative vote from a director nominated by each of the 
Shareholders (Mundys and ACS Group). 
Dividend policy 
In the Shareholders’ Agreement, the Shareholders have set out the common objective that the Group’s capital 
structure ensures the sustainability and appropriate development of the Spanish Issuer’s business and have 
committed to maintain the IG Rating in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the said Shareholders' 
Agreement as further set out below. 
The Shareholders will agree, from time to time, on a 3-year dividend and financing policy for the Spanish Issuer 
based on the sustainability of the Spanish Issuer’s current level of dividend distribution and its IG Rating.  
If at any time there is a rating downgrade or the Shareholders agree that there is a realistic risk of a rating 
downgrade below the IG Rating (meaning a credit rating not lower than the investment grade credit rating of S&P 
(i.e., BBB- with stable outlook) and, if not available, an equivalent rating of a primary rating agency of similar 
standing, including for the avoidance of doubt a risk of downgrade to BBB- with negative outlook), the 
Shareholders shall implement all appropriate remedies, which may include an IG capital increase, a reduction of 
dividend distributions or the issuance of hybrid, convertible or exchangeable instruments. 
Simplified Organisational Diagram 
Set forth on the next page is a diagram of the Group’s concessions in each region as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 263 ---
- 256 -

--- Page 264 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 257 - 
66-41088013 
 
KPIs 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators ("KPIs") of the Group as at 31 December 2024 and 
2023 and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
KPI 
FY2023
(€Mn)
 
FY2024
(€Mn)
Group 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
3,893
4,292
EBIT 
1,904
696
GROSS DEBT 
30,127
26,393
 
NET DEBT(1) 
25,875
22,585
 
CAPEX 
3,559(2)
719
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH FLOW 
2,250
2,567
 
FY2023
(%)
FY2024
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
70
71
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
100
100
Notes: 
(1) 
 
Net debt over EBITDA was 5.26 and 6.65 for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December
2023, respectively. 
(2) 
 
Including Puerto Rico Toll Roads acquisition of €2,663 million. 
 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group by concession operator (revenue and EBITDA generated 
by the operation of toll roads) as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and for the years then ended. 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 24 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 24) 
 FY2023 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023  
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2024 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
France ...... Sanef: 
- A-1 (Paris-Lille) 
- A-2 (Combles-Hordain) 
- A-4 (Paris-Strasbourg) 
- A-16 (Paris-Boulougne sur 
Mer/Dunkerque) 
- A-26 (Calais-Reims/Châlons-
Troyes) 
- A-29 (Amiens-Saint-
Quentin/Amiens-Neufchâtel-en-
Bray) 
100% 
 
1,396 
 
25,616 
 
7 
 
1,473 
 
1,059 
 
1,582 
 
1,070 
Sapn: 
- A-13 (Paris-Caen) 
- A-14 (Paris La Défense-
Orgeval) 
- A-29 (Le Havre-Saint Quentin) 
100% 
 
372 
 
26,919 
 
9 
 
477 
 
338 
 
534 
 
358

--- Page 265 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 258 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 24 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 24) 
 FY2023 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023  
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2024 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Spain 
Avasa: 
- AP-68 (Bilbao-Saragossa) 
100% 
 
294 
 
14,776 
 
2 
 
186 
 
146 
 
202 
 
166 
Autovía del Camino: 
100% 
 
70 
 
13,531 
 
6 
 
N/A 
 
N/A 
 
55 
 
47 
Aucat: 
- C-32 (Castelldefels-Sitges-El 
Vendrell) 
100% 
 
47 
 
27,527 
 
14 
 
118 
 
96 
 
125 
 
105 
Castellana: 
- AP-6 (Villalba-Adanero) 
- AP-51 (Villacastín-Ávila) 
- AP-61 (San Rafael-Segovia) 
100% 
 
120 
 
18,047 
 
5 
 
145 
 
112 
 
142 
 
103 
Aulesa: 
- AP-71 (León-Astorga) 
100% 
 
38 
 
5,075 
 
30 
 
8 
 
4 
 
9 
 
5 
Trados 45: 
- M-45 stretch II 
100% 
 
14 
 
88,000 
 
5 
 
60 
 
57 
 
37 
 
34 
Túnels: 
- Vallvidrera tunnel 
- Cadí tunnel 
50% 
 
46 
 
14,233 
 
13 
 
66 
 
54 
 
70 
 
56 
Autema (*): 
- C-16 Sant Cugat-Terrasa-
Manresa 
24% 
 
48 
 
17,405 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brazil 
Intervias:  
- Autopista Monsenhor 
Clodoaldo de Paiva/Engenheiro 
João/ Deputado Laércio Corte 
- Anel Viário Prefeito Jamil 
Bacar 
- Autopista Gilberto Sila Telles 
- Autopista Wilson Finardi 
- Autopista Vicente Botta 
- Autopista Doutor Paulo 
- Via Anhanguera 
- Autopista Comendador 
Virgolino de Oliveira 
42% 
 
380 
 
11,762 
 
15 
 
116 
 
84 
 
213 
 
153 
ViaPaulista: 
- (Araraquara-Itaporanga) 
42% 
 
721 
 
8,089 
 
23 
 
115 
 
66 
 
184 
 
76 
Fernão Dias: 
- (São Paulo-Belo Horizonte) 
42% 
 
570 
 
28,583 
 
8 
 
86 
 
50 
 
132 
 
55 
Fluminense: 
- (Río de Janeiro-Espírito Santo) 
42% 
 
320 
 
16,409 
 
8 
 
84 
 
58 
 
73 
 
34 
Régis Bittencourt: 
- (Curitiba-São Paulo) 
42% 
 
383(1) 
 
26,761 
 
8 
 
108 
 
71 
 
142 
 
81 
Litoral Sul: 
- (Palhoça/ Florianápolis-
Curitiba/Quatro Barras) 
42% 
 
406 
 
43,663 
 
8 
 
126 
 
81 
 
299 
 
96

--- Page 266 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 259 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 24 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 24) 
 FY2023 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023  
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2024 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Planalto Sul: 
- (Capao Alto-Curitiba) 
42% 
 
413 
 
8,423 
 
8 
 
42 
 
23 
 
66 
 
27 
Chile(2) 
Rutas del Pacífico: 
- Santiago de Chile- Valparaíso- 
Viña del Mar 
80% 
 
141 
 
39,885 
 
0 
 
132 
 
105 
 
123 
 
97 
Autopista de los Andes: 
- Los Andes-Ruta 5 Norte 
80% 
 
92 
 
10,030 
 
12 
 
40 
 
27 
 
37 
 
27 
Autopista de los Libertadores: 
- Santiago-Colina-Los Andes 
80% 
 
116 
 
24,411 
 
1 
 
21 
 
9 
 
51 
 
39 
Autopista Central: 
- Eje Norte-Sur 
- Eje General Velásquez 
80% 
 
62 
 
95,038 
 
7 
 
364 
 
311 
 
317 
 
272 
Italy 
Autostrada Brescia Verona 
Vicenza Padova (A4): 
- A4 (Brescia-Padova) 
- A31(Piovene Rocchette-Badia 
Polesine) 
91.26%  
236 
 
66,444 
 
2 
 
426 
 
234 
 
504 
 
245 
Mexico 
FARAC I: 
- Maravatío-Zapotlanejo 
- Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno 
- León-Aguascalientes 
- Guadalajara-Zapotlanejo 
- Jiquilpan-La Barca(3) 
53% 
 
799(4) 
 
12,634 
 
23 
 
657 
 
549 
 
721 
 
564 
COVIQSA:  
- Querétaro-Irapuato 
53% 
 
93 
 
37,535 
 
2 
 
52 
 
43 
 
52 
 
46 
CONIPSA: 
- Irapuato-La Piedad 
53% 
 
74 
 
24,122 
 
1 
 
5 
 
3 
 
6 
 
2 
COTESA:  
- Tepic-San Blas 
53% 
 
31 
 
3,553 
 
21 
 
5 
 
3 
 
5 
 
3 
AUTOVIM: 
- Zamora-Ecuandureo 
53% 
 
14 
 
3,663 
 
15 
 
2 
 
2 
 
2 
 
3 
Puerto 
Rico 
(USA) ....... 
Metropistas: 
- PR-22 San Juan-Arecibo 
- PR-5 San Juan-Bayamón 
75% 
 
88 
 
73,700 
 
37 
 
174 
 
133 
 
186 
 
145 
APR: 
- Teodoro Moscoso Bridge 
100% 
 
2 
 
24,924 
 
19 
 
30 
 
25 
 
33 
 
27 
Puerto Rico Tollroads: 
- PR-52 
- PR-66 
- PR-20 
- PR-53 
75% 
 
191 
 
47,148 
 
39 
 
N/A 
 
N/A 
 
171 
 
126 
Argentina  GCO: 
- Buenos Aires-Luján 
42.87%  
56 
 
90,650 
 
6 
 
33 
 
2 
 
64 
 
8

--- Page 267 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 260 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
 
Concession Operator and 
Routes 
Abertis 
Stake 
 
KM 
 Average Daily 
Traffic Dec 24 
(Vehicles) 
 Years left on 
concession 
(Dec 24) 
 FY2023 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2023  
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
 FY2024 
Revenue 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
EBITDA 
(€Mn) 
Ausol: 
- Autopista Panamericana 
- Autopista General Paz 
31.59%  
119 
 
94,669 
 
6 
 
49 
 
4 
 
99 
 
18 
USA 
ERC: 
55.2% 
 
12 
 
34,640 
 
45 
 
122 
 
70 
 
130 
 
78 
SH-288(5): 
56.8% 
 
17 
 
22,850(6) 
 
N/A 
 
N/A 
 
N/A 
 
81 
 
52 
India 
TTPL: 
- NH 45 Trichy-Ulundurpet 
100% 
 
94 
 
26,217 
 
2 
 
23 
 
17 
 
23 
 
16 
JEPL: 
- NH 44 Hyderabad-Jadcherla 
100% 
 
58 
 
36,449 
 
2 
 
20 
 
15 
 
21 
 
17 
 
Notes: 
(*) 
Investments in associates which are accounted for using the equity method. 
(1) 
On 15 February 2024 Régis Bittencourt signed with the ANTT an amendment to its concession agreement ("Amendment 4"). 
In accordance with such Amendment 4, Régis Bittencourt agreed to exclude 6.55 kilometres from the concession agreement. 
(2) 
The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (Adia) maintains through various shareholdings the equivalent to a 20% interest in the 
economic rights of the Spanish Issuer's business in Chile. 
(3) 
No tolls are paid on this section of the FARAC I route, so the Average Daily Traffic for FARAC I does not take into account 
the traffic of this section. 
(4) 
Including 136 km of Ramales.  
(5) 
On 8 October 2024, TxDOT (as defined below) exercised the termination for convenience clause included in the concession 
agreement od SH-288 in exchange for a compensation payment of $1,732 million. 
(6) 
As of September 2024. 
 
Overview of the Group's Business 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group's assets and operations are located in 15 countries across 
Europe, North America, South America and Asia. The Group's business is the development, maintenance and 
operation of toll road projects under concession agreements. Concession agreements are contracts under which 
a public sector entity agrees with a private company to construct and operate certain infrastructure for a period 
of time in consideration for the right to collect tolls, with the private company returning the infrastructure to 
the public sector entity at the end of the term of the concession. 
The Group's current strategy focuses on a long-term outlook for investments, sustainable growth and national 
and international competitiveness, an approach of a global nature, a mission to actively participate in 
management and to ensure service quality and a close relationship with the Group's customers. The strategy 
aims, by means of efficient management and rigorous analysis of opportunities, to grow profitably, to support 
sustainable shareholder returns. The Group pursues a disciplined growth strategy focused on markets with 
stable legal frameworks in North America, Western Europe, Latin America or Australia. 
Toll road concession projects are long-term, capital-intensive projects that can typically be divided into two 
distinct phases: the construction phase and the operation phase. The construction phase, involving the design 
and construction of the toll road, requires large capital expenditures, during which usually no revenues are 
received, except for projects that include sections of roads that are already in operation. The great majority of 
projects taken on by the Group are brownfield projects, where it acts as project manager for the construction 
work carried out on a concession project, using third-party contractors. Once the construction phase is 
completed, the operation phase begins, which involves operating and maintaining the toll road and equipment

--- Page 268 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 261 - 
66-41088013 
 
related to the concession. Once a toll road is operational, tolls are collected and a lower level of capital 
expenditure is required. Revenues from toll road concessions depend on the volume of traffic and the tariffs. 
The tariffs are typically set by the relevant governmental authority in the concession agreement and usually 
increase in line with inflation (see "Risk Factors—The Group has limited or no ability to independently raise 
tariffs on its toll roads beyond certain limits"). The revenues therefore depend greatly on the level of traffic 
on the road (see "Risk Factors—The Group is exposed to risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads"). 
Expenses during the operation phase consist principally of operating expenses, which depend primarily on the 
length, age and state of repair of the toll road, as well as factors such as volumes of heavy traffic and weather 
conditions and financing expenses, which depend primarily on interest rates. In addition, some concession 
arrangements may contractually require the Group to maintain a certain level of capital expenditure or 
maintenance investment in the relevant toll road. 
The following is a description of the Group's primary concessions by country as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
France 
The Group generated 34.1 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 in France, which 
is now the Group's largest market. Through various purchase transactions in 2017, the Spanish Issuer assumed 
a 100 per cent. stake in Holding d'Infrastructures de Transport ("HIT") (which itself holds 100 per cent. of 
Sanef), up from 53 per cent. as at 31 December 2016. The Group directly manages 1,769 km of toll roads in 
France. Investee (not controlled) companies manage 10 km. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, with a minimum annual rate increase of 70 per cent. of the inflation index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
1,413 
1,442
 EBIT 
 
413 
421
 GROSS DEBT 
 
5,304 
5,309
 
 NET DEBT 
 
4,827 
4,783
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
 
1,049 
1,065
 
 
 
FY2023 
(%) 
FY2024 
(%) 
 
 EBITDA MARGIN 
 
71 
70
 
 EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
 
36 
34
 
The main concession arrangements in France are the following:  
Sanef 
Sanef and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement for the maintenance and operation 
of toll roads in northern France (A1, Paris-Lille, and A2, Combles-Hordain) and eastern France (A4, Paris-
Strasbourg) as well as the Paris ring roads (A16, Paris-Boulogne-sur- Mer; A26, Calais-Reims/Châlons-
Troyes; and A29, Amiens-Saint-Quentin/Amiens-Neufchâtel-en-Bray). Following a June 2015 agreement 
with the French Government on "Plan de Relance" for the French toll roads, with the aim of upgrading the 
toll road network, the concession was extended by two years, until 31 December 2031.

--- Page 269 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 262 - 
66-41088013 
 
Sapn 
Sapn (99.97 per cent. owned by Sanef) and the French Government entered into a concession arrangement for 
the maintenance and operation of toll roads in western France (A13, Paris-Caen, and A14, Paris La Défense - 
Orgeval) as well as the Paris ring road (A29, Le Havre-Saint-Saëns). Following a June 2015 agreement with 
the French Government on "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads, with the aim of upgrading the toll road 
network, the concession was extended by three years and eight months, until 31 August 2033. 
Investment Obligations 
The HIT and Sanef sub-group, within the framework of "Plan de Relance" for French toll roads formalised in 
2015, reached an agreement with the French Government to make investments for a compensated amount of 
€590 million (2012 euro value) to upgrade the toll road network in exchange for the extension of the term of 
the concessions (two years for Sanef and three years and eight months for Sapn). As at 31 December 2024, 
investments amounting to €666 million had been made. 
The thirteenth amendment to the Sanef concession agreement and the eleventh amendment to the Sapn 
concession agreement, both approved by decree on 28 August 2018, provided additional toll rates increases 
between 2019 and 2021 of 0.225 per cent. for Sanef and 0.218 per cent. for Sapn in compensation of the €122 
million (2016 euro value) of new investments made within the "Plan d’Investissement Autoroutier" for the 
period 2018-2022. 
The twelfth amendment to the Sapn concession agreement, approved by decree on 21 December 2021, 
integrated into the Sapn concession agreement the ability to transform the tolling system of the A13 and A14 
motorways into a free-flow tolling system. The €122 million (2018 euro value) investment associated with 
this project will be compensated by an additional tariff increase of 0.22 per cent. between 2022 and 2024, the 
cancellation of several contractual obligations and a terminal value in 2033. The amendment sets out a 
contractual protection for the concessionaire in case the number of toll-violators exceeds certain thresholds. 
The fourteenth amendment to the Sanef concession agreement and the thirteenth amendment to the Sapn 
concession agreement, both approved by decree on 31 January 2023, provided additional toll rates increases 
for Sanef and Sapn and the cancellation of several contractual obligations in compensation of €143 million of 
new investments for Sanef and €38 million (2020 euro value) of new investments for Sapn. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to France was €171 million.  
Spain 
The Group generated 10.6 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 in Spain (10.6 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023). The Group operates concessions in this country directly 
through concession companies Aucat, Castellana, Avasa, Aulesa, Autovía del Camino, Túnels and Trados 45 
(each as defined below) and also has a non-controlling interest in Autema. The Group has seven concessions 
in Spain, directly managing 629 km of toll roads. In addition, investee (not controlled) companies manage 48 
km (1 concession). 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the consumer price index and traffic volumes. As a result of the high average consumer price 
index applicable in the tariff revision for 2023, it was agreed for the Castellana, Aulesa and Avasa concessions 
that the update will be carried out gradually by means of successive increases until 2026. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 270 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 263 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
KPI 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
480
 
527
EBIT 
(41)
 
199
GROSS DEBT 
328
 
462
 
NET DEBT 
266
 
397
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
426
 
526
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
82
 
82
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
12
 
12
 
The main concession arrangements in Spain are the following:  
Aucat 
Aucat and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the C-32 Pau Casals toll road. The concession expires on 26 
January 2039 (granted in 1989). Subsequently, an agreement with the authorities dated 23 December 2013 
(which came into force on 1 January 2014) amended certain aspects of the concession and provided for toll 
unification measures, auxiliary upgrade work in the area of influence of the toll road and measures to favour 
the financing of public-transportation policies and mobility. A new system to remunerate these measures was 
negotiated with the grantor and implemented as of September 2021. 
Castellana 
Castellana and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Segovia (AP-
61) and the section of the AP-6 toll road that connects with Avila (AP-51). The arrangement expires in 
November 2029 (granted in 1999) pursuant to the arrangement itself and based on the traffic levels between 
November 2015 and November 2019. In addition, it should be noted that this company was awarded, from 
January 2018 (until November 2029), the concession arrangement previously operated by Iberpistas. 
Avasa 
Avasa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the Bilbao-Zaragoza stretch of the Ebro Toll Road, now the AP-68 toll road, 
which expires on 11 November 2026 (granted in 1973). 
Aulesa 
Aulesa and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of the León-Astorga toll road, which expires on 11 March 2055 (granted in 2000). 
Trados-45 
Trados-45 and the Spanish Ministry of Public Works entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and public service management of the Eje O'Donnell to NIV road section, which 
operates a shadow toll and which expires on 31 August 2029 (granted in 1998).

--- Page 271 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 264 - 
66-41088013 
 
Túnels 
Túnels and the Catalonia Autonomous Community Government entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of the Vallvidrera tunnel and the Cadí tunnel (and their corresponding accesses) 
for a term of 25 years, which ends on 31 December 2037 (granted on 31 December 2012). 
Autovía del Camino 
Autovía del Camino and the Regional Government of Navarra entered into a concession arrangement for the 
maintenance and operation of a road link between Pamplona (Navarra) and Logroño (La Rioja) which operates 
a shadow toll revenue scheme and ends on 15 December 2030. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Spain was €17 million.  
Brazil 
The Group generated 12.5 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 in Brazil (12.7 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023). The Spanish Issuer has a controlling interest in the following 
concession companies belonging to the Arteris sub-group: Intervias, Planalto Sul, Fluminense, Fernão Dias, 
Régis Bittencourt, Litoral Sul, and Via Paulista (integrating the 317 km of Autovias which expired in July 
2019) (each as defined below). The Group has seven concessions in Brazil, directly managing 3,193 km of 
toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation and the level of capital expenditure, where investments are compensated through a 
right to increase tariffs by a value stipulated under the concession agreements. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Brazil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
449 
518
EBIT 
845 
564
GROSS DEBT 
2,261 
2,215
 
NET DEBT 
2,012 
1,846
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
146 
239
 
FY2023 
(%) 
FY2024
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
64 
68
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
12 
12
 
The concession arrangements in Brazil are the following:  
Intervias 
Intervias (DER/SP no. 19/CIC/98, governed by State Decree no. 42,411 of 30 October 1997, which was 
modified by Amendment no. 14/06 of 21 December 2006) and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department 
(Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the toll road covering the SP-147-157-165-191-330-352 routes, 
which connects 19 municipalities of  in the State of São Paulo. Operation of the concession began in February 
2000 and will expire on 31 December 2039 following a twelve-year extension agreed on 10 January 2024.

--- Page 272 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 265 - 
66-41088013 
 
Planalto Sul 
Planalto Sul (governed by Bid Announcement (Edital de Licitação) no. 006/2007 of 15 February 2008) and 
the National Highway Transportation Agency (Agência Nacional de Transportes Terrestres ("ANTT")) entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116/PR/SC toll road 
(lot 02) from the outskirts of Curitiba in the State of Paraná to the state line between Rio Grande do Sul and 
Santa Catarina, which expires in February 2033.  
Fluminense 
Fluminense (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 004/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-101/RJ toll road (lot 04) 
that crosses Rio de Janeiro State, running from the Niterói bridge north of the city to the Espírito Santo state 
line, which originally expired in February 2033. On 9 September 2021, the ANTT decided that the amicable 
request to return the concession to the concession grantor by way of re-tender submitted by Fluminense (toll 
road BR-101/RJ) complied with the technical and legal standards established in Federal Law 13,448/17, of 5 
June 2017. This law sets out the requirements for extending and re-tendering the contracts defined in Law 
13,334, of 13 September 2016, in the roads, railways and airport sectors of the Federal Public Administration 
and Decree 9,957, of 6 August 2019. Moreover, subsequent decisions by the Ministry of Infrastructures and 
the Board of the Investment Partnership Programme (Conselho do Programa de Parcerias de Investimentos, 
CPPI) on 17 November 2021 and 16 December 2021 confirmed that the request to re-tender the concession 
was compatible with the public interest and found that the concession was suitable for re-tendering, 
respectively. The addendum to the concession agreement, which governs the temporary operation of the 
concession of Fluminense until the new contract has been re-tendered, was signed on 15 June 2022. This 
amendment provides that Fluminense will continue with the operation of the concession for an estimated 
period of two years from its execution (the "Transition period") until the re-tender is completed (that can be 
extended for a further two years), and reducing the initially agreed capex, once the operational parameters and 
required investments were reviewed upon the execution of the amendment. In March 2024 an extension of the 
Transition period until March 2025 was formalised. In parallel and as an alternative to re-tendering, under 
Ministry of Transport Order No. 378 of 2 May 2023, steps were taken to renegotiate the concession contract. 
The Tribunal de Contas da União (TCU) is expected to approve the renegotiated contract terms during the first 
half of 2025, whereupon the contract will be submitted to an auction process and if there are no better offers, 
Fluminense will be awarded the contract. The new terms include the possibility of a 22-year extension of the 
concession agreement. 
Fernão Dias 
Fernão Dias (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 002/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-381-MG/SP toll road (lot 
05), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, which expires in February 2033. 
Régis Bittencourt 
Régis Bittencourt (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 001/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT entered 
into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116-SP/PR toll road 
(lot 06), which connects the São Paulo ring road to Curitiba, Paraná, which expires in February 2033. 
Litoral Sul 
Litoral Sul (regulated by Bid Announcement no. 003/2007 of 15 February 2008) and the ANTT, entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the BR-116, BR-376/PR and 
BR-101/SC toll roads (lot 07), which connect the city of Curitiba, Paraná, and Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, 
which expires in February 2033. 
Via Paulista 
Via Paulista (ARTESP nº0359-ARTESP-2017, governed by State Decree no. 62,333 of 21 December 2016) 
and the São Paulo Road and Highway Department (Departamento de Estradas e Rodagem de São Paulo) 
entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the SP-334, SP-255, 
SP-257, SP-330, SP-318, SP-328, SP-249, SP- 304, SP-281, SP-304/310 and SP-345 toll roads that connect

--- Page 273 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 266 - 
66-41088013 
 
the municipalities of Franca, Batatais, Ribeirão Preto, Araraquara, São Carlos, Santa Rita do Passa Quatro, 
Jaú, Avaré, Itaí, Itaporanga and Riversul, which expires in November 2047 (granted on 22 November 2017). 
Investment Obligations 
In connection mainly with the concession arrangements of the toll road concession operators of the Arteris 
sub-group, the Group has the following obligations to invest in upgrading the infrastructure or increasing its 
capacity: 
 
FY2023 (Mn) 
 
FY2024 (Mn) 
(nominal amount) 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
Brazilian 
Reais 
€ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concession operators dependent on 
the Brazilian Federal Government(1) 
5,094 
950 
 
4,386 
683 
Concession operators dependent on 
the State of São Paulo(2) 
4,767 
889 
 
5,220 
812 
 
9,861 
1,839 
 
9,606 
1,495 
 
(1) 
The construction and maintenance period is expected to last for the concession term, which ends in 2033. 
(2) 
Including 4,754 million Brazilian Reais (approximately €887 million) associated with the Via Paulista concession that was 
put out for tender in 2017 and will foreseeably be executed over the concession term up to 2047 (at 2024 year-end 4,650  
million Brazilian Reais, approximately €723 million). 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Brazil was €354 million.  
Chile 
The Group generated 8.8 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 in Chile (10 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023). The Group's operations consist of controlling interests in the 
concession companies belonging to the Vias Chile sub-group: Autopista Central, Rutas del Pacífico, Andes 
and Libertadores (each as defined below), managing a total of 412 km of toll roads.  
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts 
and supplementary agreements. Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 274 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 267 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Chile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
461
 
451
EBIT 
101
 
141
GROSS DEBT 
850
 
704
 
NET DEBT 
668
 
548
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
356
 
328
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
83
 
85
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
12
 
11
 
The main concession arrangements in Chile are the following:  
Autopista Central 
Autopista Central and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the North-South corridor and the General Velásquez corridor (62 
km), both in Santiago, Chile, ending in July 2031. Pursuant to an Ad-Referendum Agreement the parties agreed 
an increase in the term of the concession contract of 12 months (until July 2032), with the Ministry of Public 
Works retaining the option of making a direct payment for any unpaid balances at the end of the extended 
period, or grant a new extension of the concession term (see "Investment Obligations" below). 
Rutas del Pacífico 
Rutas del Pacífico and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the 
construction, maintenance and operation of the Santiago-Valparaíso-Viña del Mar link road and the Southern 
Artery (Troncal Sur), with a maximum term of 25 years, until August 2024, conditional upon completing the 
offered ITC (Ingresos Totales de la Concesión). The offered ITC, being the total concession revenue that the 
winning bidder proposes to achieve from the concession (as formalised in the relevant supplementary 
agreements), calculated by taking into account a number of factors including the present value of toll income, 
was reached in August 2024. Pursuant to the Supreme Decree relating to free-flow electronic tolling system 
published in December 2018, the concessionaire was granted an additional 10 months extension to the 
concession arrangement, which would be applicable from August 2024 or such earlier date that the offered 
ITC would be completed. Finally, this concession will expire on 30 June 2025. 
Andes 
Sociedad Concesionaria de los Andes, S.A. ("Andes") and the Ministry of Public Works of Chile entered into 
a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the Camino Internacional Ruta 
60 Ch toll road, which crosses the districts of Los Andes, San Esteban, Santa María, San Felipe, Panquehue, 
Catemu, Llay-Llay, Hijuelas, La Calera, La Cruz, Quillota, Limache and Villa Alemana, which expires in July 
2036. 
Libertadores 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Los Libertadores, S.A. ("Libertadores") and the Ministry of Public Works 
of Chile entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of the 
Santiago-Colina-Los Andes toll road, which expires in January 2027 following a ten-month extension recently 
confirmed by the MOP in accordance with the Ad Referendum agreement executed on 30 October 2020 related 
to the implementation of a free-flow and 'stop & go' electronic tolling system.

--- Page 275 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 268 - 
66-41088013 
 
Ruta 5 Santiago-Los Vilos 
The Group is set to manage Ruta 5 Santiago-Los Vilos in Chile through Sociedad Concesionaria Nueva 
Aconcagua ("Aconcagua"), a subsidiary of Vías Chile, which is a subsidiary of the Issuer. Vías Chile 
submitted the most competitive bid in the tender process arranged by the Ministry of Public Works of Chile. 
The operation of the concession will start in April 2025, when Vías Chile will take over the operation and 
collection of tolls on this motorway, which has already been in operation for more than 20 years. Over an 
estimated period of 7 years, the Group is also going to invest approximately €1,000 million in increasing 
capacity and safety measures on different sections and rolling out new technology systems for users, such as 
free-flow electronic tolling. The concession does not foresee any upfront payment to the Ministry of Public 
Works of Chile. 
Chilean toll road concessions run for a variable period of time that ends when the value of the revenues 
received matches the amount stipulated in the economic offer of the concession, and in case of Ruta 5 Santiago-
Los Vilos with a maximum limit of 30 years. 
The 223 km-long Ruta 5 Santiago-Los Vilos motorway connects the Autopista Central with the Autopista de 
los Andes, both of which are already operated by Vías Chile. It is the main intercity motorway, with limited 
alternative routes, connecting Santiago with Los Vilos, two strategic regions in Chile. The motorway connects 
urban and central Chile with the industrial mining area in the north of the country, along with an area renowned 
as a tourist destination, such as Cachagua, Zapallar, Maitencillo, Los Vilos and its surroundings. 
The motorway also improves connectivity between the Metropolitan, Valparaíso and Coquimbo regions, and 
benefits an estimated population of 800,000 people. The Group’s planned improvements will cut travel times 
by providing additional lanes and improving the route’s geometry. 
The concession includes a favourable tariff mechanism that guarantees protection against inflation. 
Investment Obligations 
Autopista Central has been commissioned to develop the Túnel Lo Ruiz project, which directly affects the 
municipalities of Renca and Quilicura, to the north of the Chilean capital, Santiago. The project, which aims 
to cut traffic flow by 25% and journey times by up to 20 minutes, will involve building 5.8 kms of road, with 
two tunnels 1.5 km long each and two lanes in each direction, with increased safety standards, as well as 
branches to the General Velásquez Axis of the Autopista Central with the Autopista Vespucio Norte in either 
direction, both of which are important Santiago mobility connections already managed by the Vias Chile sub-
group. Approximately €386 million is to be invested in this road project, creating 620 jobs. The project 
construction tender was launched in 2024 and works are expected to begin in the first half of 2025. The 
construction work will take 50 months and will be compensated with a 25-month extension to the Autopista 
Central concession contract 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Chile was €20 million. 
Italy 
The Group generated 7.6 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2024 in Italy (8.3 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2023). In 2016, the Spanish Issuer acquired 51.4 per cent. of A4 Holding 
S.p.A. ("A4 Holding") which was fully paid during 2022. Through various purchase transactions carried out 
since 2017, the Spanish Issuer increased its stake in A4 Holding to 91.26 per cent. The Italian business has 
one concession, managing 236 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, a remuneration factor for the investments already made (which could be positive 
or negative), a remuneration factor for the future investments, and a quality premium in relation to the quality 
of the pavement and the number of accidents. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods.

--- Page 276 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 269 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
 
KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
255
 
267
 
EBIT 
56
 
74
GROSS DEBT 
144
 
100
 
NET DEBT 
40
 
(73)
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
219
 
228
 
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
55
 
58
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
7
 
6
 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova (A4) 
Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova S.p.A ("A4") (wholly owned by A4 Holding) and the Italian 
Government entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, maintenance and operation of a 
section of the A4 (Brescia-Padova) and A31 (Vicenza-Piovene Rocchette and Vicenza-Badia Polesine) toll 
roads, which, following the initial approval of the A31 toll road extension project (the "Valdastico project") 
by the Inter-ministerial Committee for Economic Planning (CIPE) in September 2016, has a confirmed 
duration until 31 December 2026. The purpose of the Valdastico project is to build a road interconnection 
corridor between the d'Astico Valley, the Valsugana Valley and the Adige Valley. 
Given the complexities of the Valdastico project and considering that it has suffered many delays in the 
determination of its final lay-out, on 26 April 2022, the Ministero Infrastruture e Trasporti requested A4 to 
elaborate and submit a new economic and financial plan (the “New Economic and Financial Plan”) 
excluding any consideration to the Valdastico project. Notwithstanding the above, the duration of the 
concession agreement until 31 December 2026 has been confirmed, and the final draft of the new Economic 
and Financial Plan was submitted to the grantor on 29 December 2023. The Economic and Financial Plan was 
updated on 31 July 2024. 
Investment Obligations 
In August 2016, the A4 sub-group received approval from the Comitato Interministeriale per la 
Programazione Economica (CIPE) to upgrade the A31 toll road by carrying out the Valdastico project, which 
led to the confirmation of the duration of the concession arrangements for the A4 and A31 toll roads until 
December 2026. The purpose of this project, which is currently being designed, is to build a road 
interconnection corridor between the d'Astico Valley, the Valsugana Valley and the Adige Valley. The project 
would entail for the A4 sub-group, by the time it would be completed, estimated total investments of around 
€2,200 million pursuant to the current economic and financial plan. The investment made will eventually be 
recovered, partly during the remaining concession term (up to December 2026) and partly through an 
unconditional right to receive an amount from the grantor that would be exercised at the end of the concession 
term, subject to negotiations with the relevant authority. Given the numerous technical complexities and that 
consensus among public administrations on its route is required, which has still not been reached, the Italian 
Ministry for Infrastructure and Transport has instructed the concession operator of A4 to not consider any 
investment related with this project in the new Economic and Financial Plan for the concession submitted to 
the grantor at the end of December 2023 that has been developed accordingly. The same approach was taken 
in the July 2024 version of the Economic and Financial Plan. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Italy was €75 million. 
Mexico 
In Mexico, the Spanish Issuer has a 53.1 per cent indirect stake in Red de Carreteras de Occidente S.A.P.I. de 
C.V. ("RCO"), through a Mexican special purpose vehicle. RCO is one of the main toll road networks in

--- Page 277 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 270 - 
66-41088013 
 
Mexico constituting the main transportation route in the central-western region, connecting the main industrial 
corridor of El Bajío with the two largest cities (Mexico City and Guadalajara). 
RCO is one of the main pure-play toll road operators in Mexico, and controls 100 per cent. of four other 
concessionaires (three federal and one state) that manage a total of 8 toll roads in the country: 
• 
RCO (FARAC I) manages four toll roads of 799 kms. The roads represent the main connection 
between the two largest cities in the country: Mexico City and Guadalajara, crossing the states of 
Jalisco, Michoacán, Guanajuato and Aguascalientes; 
• 
COVIQSA and CONIPSA manage two shadow toll roads of 93 and 74 kms, respectively. These roads 
cross two states in the Bajío industrial corridor: Querétaro and Guanajuato; 
• 
COTESA manages the 31-km Tepic-San Blas toll road, which connects the capital of the State of 
Nayarit and the Pacific coast; and 
• 
AUTOVIM (state concession) manages the 14-km Zamora-Ecuandureo toll road that connects the 
city of Zamora with the toll road managed by RCO (FARAC I), in Michoacán. It entered into service 
on 15 December 2020.  
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
 
Mexico 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
602
 
620  
 EBIT 
414
 
433
 
 GROSS DEBT 
2,777
 
2,322
 
 
 NET DEBT 
2,210
 
1,864
 
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
319
 
317
 
 
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024
(%)
 
 
 EBITDA MARGIN 
83
 
83
 
 
 EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
15
 
14
 
 
Investment Obligations 
On 31 January 2020, the Secretaría de Infraestructura Comunicaciones y Transportes (the "SICT") proceeded 
to amend the concession title granted to RCO, in order to incorporate the construction, operation, conservation 
and maintenance of the following road sections: (i) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 39.3 
kms, starting at the junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 360, in the State of Michoacán, 
and ending at the junction with the start of the Bypass Norte de La Piedad, in the State of Guanajuato 
(Ecuandureo-La Piedad); (ii) a toll-free segment with an approximate length of 71.3 kms, starting at the 
junction with the Maravatío-Zapotlanejo highway at km 168, in the State of Michoacán, and ending in 
Zitácuaro, in the State of Michoacán (Maravatío-Zitácuaro); and (iii) a toll-free bypass with an approximate 
length of 25.0 kms, beginning at the junction with the Zapotlanejo-Lagos de Moreno highway at km 146, in 
the State of Jalisco, and ending at the junction with the Lagos de Moreno-San Luis Potosí highway, in the 
State of Jalisco (Libramiento de Lagos de Moreno) (jointly, the Ramales). The total estimated investment as 
per the SICT amendment amounts to 7,951 million Mexican pesos. The foregoing is in accordance with the 
outline and project authorised by the SICT as part of the expansion works contemplated by the concession 
title. The construction of such branches constitutes additional projects that were not originally considered in

--- Page 278 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 271 - 
66-41088013 
 
the concession title and in order to maintain the economic balance of the concession, the aforementioned 
amendment contemplates a term extension of the RCO concession for a period of six years, until 3 April 2048.  
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Mexico was €49 million. 
Puerto Rico 
In Puerto Rico, the Group has three concessions that total 281 km of roads. 
These concessions are held through AMPR, PRTR and APR and operated under the brand "Metropistas" by 
MP Operator LLC. The Spanish Issuer holds the majority stake (75%) of MP Operator LLC, which wholly-
owns AMPR and PRTR, and wholly-owns APR. As part of the reorganisation of the Puerto Rico concessions, 
AMPR’s existing back-office personnel were transferred to MP Operator LLC, thus leveraging the 
management teams’ experience in operating infrastructure in Puerto Rico acquired over the last 13 years. 
Toll rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with the applicable concession contracts, which provide 
for annual increases in toll rates generally determined by reference to the applicable consumer price index. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 
KPI 
  
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Puerto Rico 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
  
149
299
EBIT 
 
109
185
GROSS DEBT 
  
1,842
2,230
 
NET DEBT 
  
1,737
1,872
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
  
91
107
 
 
 
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
  
73
77
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
  
4
7
 
APR 
On 20 December 1991, Autopistas de Puerto Rico, LLC (formerly Autopistas de Puerto Rico y Compañía, 
S.E.) ("APR") and the Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority (Autoridad de Carreteras y 
Transportación) ("ACT") entered into a concession arrangement for the design, construction, maintenance and 
operation of the Teodoro Moscoso Bridge in San Juan, Puerto Rico, which expires on 22 February 2044. 
AMPR 
On 27 June 2011, Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico LLC ("AMPR") and the ACT entered into a 
concession agreement for the upgrade, maintenance and operation of the PR-22 toll road (83 kms connecting 
the capital of Puerto Rico, San Juan, with the municipality of Hatillo) and the PR-5 toll road (4 kms of the PR-
5, crossing the Bayamon metropolitan area), and began operations on 22 September 2011. The concession 
agreement, which was due to expire on 22 September 2051, was subsequently amended on 19 April 2016 to 
extend the term of the concession by ten years. The concession expires on 22 September 2061. 
Puerto Rico Tollroads 
On 16 October 2023, Puerto Rico Tollroads, LLC (“PRTR”) and the ACT entered into a concession agreement 
for the operation, management, maintenance and rehabilitation of four free-flow toll roads (PR-52, PR-66, 
PR-20 and PR-53), totalling 191 km which expires on 14 December 2063.

--- Page 279 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 272 - 
66-41088013 
 
PR-52, PR-66 and PR-20 are highly-strategic highways connecting to the San Juan metropolitan area, while 
PR-53 is located in the eastern and southern parts of the island. The new acquisitions, which account for more 
than 60% of the island’s toll traffic, provide critical connections between large populated areas.  
Investment Obligations 
As part of the concession agreement entered into between PRTR and ACT, PRTR is required to perform certain 
capital improvement projects known as Accelerated Safety Upgrades (“ASUs”) within 12-years from the 
commencement of operations on 14 December 2023. ASUs are categorised in three tiers that must be delivered 
within specific time frames set forth in the concession agreement: Tier 1 works, which are to be completed 
within 2 years of operational commencement, focus on foundational safety elements such as drainage 
upgrades, signage replacement, concrete barrier repairs, guardrail replacements, and initial seismic risk 
assessments. Tier 2 works, which are to be finished within 7 years of operational commencement, emphasise 
stability and durability, including rock and soil stabilisation, pavement surface improvements, and the 
rehabilitation of mainline and overpass bridge structures. Tier 3 works, which are to be finalised within 12 
years of operational commencement, extend the focus to comprehensive infrastructure upgrades, including 
additional pavement surface enhancements and the overall rehabilitation and upgrade of both mainline and 
overpass bridge structures. Additionally, as part of the new concession agreement PRTR is required to design 
and deliver a fiber optic and Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) along toll roads PR-52, PR-53, PR-66 
and PR-20. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Puerto Rico was €15 million. 
Argentina 
The Group has a controlling interest in Autopistas del Sol, S.A. ("Ausol") (49.92 per cent. of the votes and 
31.59 per cent. of the shares) and Grupo Concesionario del Oeste ("GCO") (49.99 per cent. of the votes and 
42.87 per cent. of the shares). It has two concessions and 175 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions must be made twice a year and must be determined by reference 
to factors including inflation, currency devaluation and capital expenditure. Nonetheless, tariff increases have 
been lower than those that should be applied in accordance with the provisions of the concession agreements 
since January 2019. Indeed, in response to the requests of Ausol and GCO relating to tariff adjustments for the 
years 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the National Highway Administration of Argentina granted for both 
concessions an adjustment of (i) 9.9 per cent. applicable from 1 July 2021; (ii) 26.4 per cent. applicable from 
17 February 2022; (iii) 50 per cent. applicable from 13 May 2023; (iv) 40 per cent. applicable from 1 August 
2023; and (v) 50 per cent. applicable from 30 November 2023. In addition, Resolution 197/2024 of the 
National Highway Administration, dated 14 May 2024, granted an adjustment of 100 per cent. applicable from 
18 May 2024, and established a monthly automatic tariff adjustment from July to December 2024, based on a 
combination of specific indexes aligned with inflation. In 2024, the resulting tariff increase was 190 per cent. 
Ausol and GCO will continue to assert their rights for the recognition of existing agreements. 
The financial Indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Argentina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
6
26
EBIT 
4
21
GROSS DEBT 
0
0
 
NET DEBT 
(10)
(13)
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH FLOW 
(67)
                           (63)
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(%)

--- Page 280 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 273 - 
66-41088013 
 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Argentina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
6
26
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
7
16
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
0
1
 
Ausol 
Ausol and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement on 19 July 1994, for the 
upgrade, expansion, remodelling, upkeep, maintenance, operation and management of the northern access to 
the city of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2020. Subsequently, on 3 July 2018, Ausol and the 
National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered into an 
agreement that amended the concession arrangement for the Autopista del Acceso Norte de Buenos Aires toll 
road to extend its term by ten years, that would end on 31 December 2030. This amendment is subject to a 
judicial proceeding to declare its nullity (see "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration" for 
further information). 
Grupo Concesionario del Oeste (GCO) 
GCO and the Government of Argentina entered into a concession arrangement for the construction, 
maintenance and operation of Autopista del Oeste of Buenos Aires, which expired on 31 December 2018. 
Subsequently, on 3 July 2018 GCO and the National Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección 
Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina) entered into an agreement that amended the concession arrangement for 
the Autopista del Oeste de Buenos Aires toll road to extend its term by twelve years, that would end on 31 
December 2030. This amendment is subject to a judicial proceeding to declare its nullity (see "Information on 
the Group – Litigation and Arbitration" for further information). 
Investment Obligations 
On 24 July 2018, the agreements entered into by the Argentine consolidated companies Ausol and GCO with 
the Argentine government were formalised. These agreements involve, among other aspects, the recognition 
of the outstanding measures to restore the economic and financial balance of the aforementioned companies 
(caused mainly by tariff deficits), for a total compensation of $746 million ($499 million for Ausol and $247 
million for GCO (which translate into an aggregate amount of approximately €717 million using the exchange 
rate as at 31 December 2024)), an additional investment plan to improve the existing network for a joint 
amount of $680 million ($430 million for Ausol and $250 million for GCO (which translate into an aggregate 
amount of approximately €654 million using the exchange rate as at 31 December 2024)), a new tariff review 
scheme and the termination of proceedings between the parties.  
In addition, this agreement entails, among other risks, the assumption of the demand risk by the grantor, the 
extension of the concession arrangement until the end of 2030 and the remuneration of the compensation 
balance associated with the measures to restore the economic and financial balance at an explicit interest rate 
on the compensation balance and, lastly, the payment by the granting entity of the amount of the compensation 
balance not recovered during the extension period. 
Although the Group intends to meet its obligations under the abovementioned agreements, the implementation 
of these obligations will depend on the outcome of the ongoing proceedings in connection with these 
concessions described in "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration – Amendments to the 
concession agreements of Ausol and GC" below. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Argentina was €6 million. 
United States 
In the United States, the Group wholly owns Abertis USA Holdco LLC which has a 55.2 per cent indirect 
stake in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, LLC. It has one concession and 12 kms of toll roads.

--- Page 281 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 274 - 
66-41088013 
 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 
70
129
EBIT 
24
(1,321)
GROSS DEBT 
1,545
1,072
 
NET DEBT 
1,373
954
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
39
(5)
 
FY2023
(%)
FY2024
(%)
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
57 
 
61 
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
2 
 
3 
 
ERC 
The Spanish Issuer, through Abertis USA Holdco LLC, acquired through a transaction consummated on 30 
December 2020 a 55.2 per cent. indirect stake in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, LLC, which wholly owns 
Elizabeth River Crossings Opco, LLC ("ERC"), which in turn operates the tolled Elizabeth River Tunnels 
Project in the Hampton Roads region, Virginia, United States. 
On 10 November 2021, ERC signed with the Virginia Department of Transportation ("VDOT") an amendment 
to its concession agreement on the Downtown Tunnel/Midtown Tunnel/Martin Luther King Freeway 
("Amendment 9"). In accordance with such Amendment 9, ERC agreed to (i) defer the 2021 tariff increase, 
which will be spread equally across the 2022-2024 period, and (ii) increase the contribution of ERC to the 
toll-relief program to $1.5 million, in consideration of the commitment of VDOT to make administrative 
changes that will improve video-tolling collections, billing processes and reduce the number of toll violators. 
VDOT will also compensate ERC for certain portions of the projects that are not tolled. 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to the United States was €2 million. 
Buyback of the SH-288 highway by the Texas Department of Transportation 
On 28 March 2024, the Texas Department of Transportation ("TxDOT") announced its decision to proceed 
with the buyback of the SH-288 toll road in Texas, which has been operating since the start of operations in 
November 2020. 
On 8 October 2024, TxDOT exercised the termination for convenience clause included in the concession 
agreement in exchange for a compensation payment of $1,732 million. With these proceeds, in October 2024, 
the Group repaid $654 million of debt outstanding at SH-288 and €700 million of debt outstanding at the 
Issuer. 
The termination led to a loss of €577 million after taxes.

--- Page 282 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 275 - 
66-41088013 
 
Other international operations 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group's international concession operations (covering India and 
Abertis Mobility Services) as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 for the year then ended in each 
case. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
International 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
35
31
EBIT 
7
3
GROSS DEBT 
10
0
 
NET DEBT 
(50)
(62)
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
26
16
 
 
FY2023 
(%) 
 
FY2024 
(%) 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
32
33
 
EBITDA CONTRIBUTION 
1
1
 
India 
The Group controls Trichy Tollway Private Limited ("TTPL") and Jadcherla Expressways Private Limited 
("JEPL") (each as defined below) in India, having bought these two concession operators in March 2017. This 
represents a total of two concessions covering 152 kms of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts. 
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the whole sale price index as released by the Indian Office of the Economic Advisor, Ministry 
of Commerce and Industry. 
TTPL 
TTPL and the National Highways Authority of India (“NHAI”) entered into a concession agreement for the 
design, construction, development, finance, operation and maintenance of the 94-km NH-38 toll road and its 
corresponding service roads for a term of 20 years, which ends on 2 February 2027 (granted on 30 June 2006) 
following a twenty-three day extension recently granted by NHAI. 
JEPL 
JEPL and the NHAI entered into a concession agreement for the design, construction, development, finance,  
operation and maintenance of the 58-km NH-44 toll road and its corresponding service roads for a term of 20 
years, which ends on 12 September 2026 (granted on 20 February 2006) following a twenty-five day extension 
recently granted by NHAI. 
Investment Obligations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no future expansion investment obligations under the 
concession agreements. 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to India was €0.02 million.

--- Page 283 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 276 - 
66-41088013 
 
Abertis Mobility Services 
Abertis Mobility Services is the Group's wholly-owned electronic solutions subsidiary which in turn wholly 
owns Emovis, operating the Group's electronic tolling and free flow business. Clients of Abertis Mobility 
Services include governments and road operators through Emovis. 
Emovis is the leading service delivery and technology arm of the Group in the global markets for all electronic 
tolling and smart mobility solutions. Emovis operates in Canada, the US, Puerto Rico, the UK, Spain, France, 
Croatia, Ireland and Qatar, offering free-flow mobility solution advisory, design, implementation, operation, 
and maintenance services. The division operates some of the most significant electronic toll infrastructure in 
the world such as the Dartford Crossing and the Mersey Flow bridge, with 71 thousand and 139 thousand 
vehicles, respectively, crossing on average every day as of 31 December 2024, both in the UK. 
Holding company 
The following is a table of the KPIs of the Group's holding company, Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., as at 31 
December 2024 and 2023 and for the years then ended. 
The financial indicators and reconciliations to line items set out below are derived from financial information 
produced internally by the Group for the relevant periods. 
Country 
 KPI 
 
FY2023 
(€Mn) 
 
FY2024 
(€Mn) 
Holding(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EBITDA 
 
(24)
(19)
 EBIT 
(29)
(24)
 GROSS DEBT 
15,066
11,979
 
 NET DEBT 
12,803
10,468
 
 
DISCRETIONARY CASH 
FLOW 
(354)
(190)
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes the contribution of Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the capex of the Group in relation to Holding was €5 million.  
Recent Developments 
 
HIT bond issue 
On 14 January 2025, HIT, the Spanish Issuer's fully owned French subsidiary, issued under its €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, €600,000,000 3.375 per cent. 
notes due April 2029, which have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The 
use of proceeds from this bond issuance is for general corporate purposes, including refinancing of maturing 
indebtedness of the Group.

--- Page 284 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 277 - 
66-41088013 
 
Puerto Rico 
On 31 January 2025, the Spanish Issuer reached an agreement with the minority shareholders of AMPR to 
increase its shareholding in AMPR’s share capital to 75%, in exchange for which the minority shareholders 
became the holders of 25% of the share capital in PRTR. 
This transaction will be recorded in the financial year ending on 31 December 2025 as a transaction with non-
controlling interests, since the Spanish Issuer’s existing position of control over the aforementioned companies 
remains unchanged. No significant impact is expected on the Group’s consolidated equity. 
HIT Acquisition of Majority Stake in the A-63 Road 
On 28 February 2025, HIT, the Spanish Issuer's fully owned French subsidiary, reached an agreement with 
Crédit Agricole Assurances and AXA IM Alts to acquire their entire 51.2% stake in the A-63 toll road in France 
(the “A-63 Road”). The A-63 Road is a 104 km dual three-lane toll road connecting Salles to Saint-Geours-
de-Marenne in south-west France. This is a key route between Europe and the Iberian Peninsula for the 
transport of goods between Spain and northern Europe and serves as a link between Bordeaux, a city with 
more than one million inhabitants and home to major scientific and engineering facilities, and the cities of 
Bayonne, Biarritz, Anglet and Saint-Jean-de-Luz.  
The concession has been in operation since 2013 and is set to expire in 2051, and given its well-maintained 
state, no significant additional investment is currently envisaged.   
The completion of the acquisition remains subject to customary regulatory approvals. Following the closing 
of the transaction, the Shareholders will inject €400 million of capital to support growth and strengthen the 
balance sheet of the Spanish Issuer. 
The Management Committee 
The management committee, which carries out the day to day operations of the Spanish Issuer, at the date of 
this Base Prospectus comprises: Mr. José Aljaro Navarro (CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee), 
Mr. Martín Eduardo D'Uva Salgueiro (CFO), Mr. Daniel Ventín Morales (Chief Legal Officer), Mr. Martí 
Carbonell Mascaró (Chief Planning and Control Officer), Mr. Jordi Fernández Montolí (Chief Technical 
Officer), Mr. Antoni Enrich Grau (Director of People), Ms. Georgina Flamme Piera (Director of Institutional 
Relations, Communication and Sustainability), Mr. Daniel Vilanova Abad (General Manager Autopistas, 
Spain), Mr. Arnaud Quemard (General Manager, Sanef, France), Mr. Sérgio Moniz Barretto Garcia (General 
Manager, Arteris, Brazil), Mr. Andrés Barberis Martin (General Manager, VíasChile, Chile), Mr Francesc 
Sánchez Farré (General Manager, GCO and Ausol, Argentina), Mr. Gonzalo Alcalde Rodríguez (General 
Manager, A4 Holding, Italy), Mr. Julián Fernández Rodes (General Manager, Metropistas, Puerto Rico), Mr. 
Christian Barrientos Rivas (General Manager, Abertis Mobility Services), Mr. Ramon Chesa Badia (General 
Manager, India), Mr. Demetrio Javier Sodi Cortés (General Manager, RCO, México) and Ms. Anna Bonet 
Olivart (General Manager, ERC, USA). 
The business address of each of the members of the management committee at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is Paseo de la Castellana 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Spanish Issuer believes there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between any duties owed by the management committee to the Spanish Issuer and their respective private 
interests and/or other duties. The members of the management committee have no principal activities 
performed by them outside the Group where these are significant with respect to the Group. 
Health and Safety 
The Group actions in Health and Safety are focused to improve health and safety results by developing a robust 
and uniform health and safety culture across the Group, defining global policies on health and safety and 
implementing selected health and safety good practices of the various business units of the Group to the 
business units that have a lower level of maturity in Health and Safety culture as Mexico, India or Brazil.

--- Page 285 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 278 - 
66-41088013 
 
Insurance Policy 
The Spanish Issuer maintains an adequate insurance policy that guarantees the coverage of the main insurable 
risks associated with its activities in all countries where the Spanish Issuer operates ensuring compliance with 
applicable concessional regulation and the requirements of creditors. 
Litigation and Arbitration 
The Group is involved in various court proceedings in the course of its activity, the most significant being the 
following: 
Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa) 
A claim filed by the Group company Acesa for compensation relating to the guaranteed revenue provided for 
in Royal Decree 457/2006 approving the agreement (the "Acesa Agreement") between the Spanish 
Government and the aforementioned company to amend certain terms of the concession of which that 
company is the operator. 
The Acesa Agreement envisages, inter alia, the building of an additional lane on certain stretches of the AP-7 
toll road, implementing a closed-toll system and granting free transit and discounts in certain cases, as well as 
Acesa's waiver of its right to claim any possible indemnities as a result of the effect that the construction of 
second lanes on the N-II and CN-340 roads might have on traffic. 
The Acesa Agreement establishes that the difference in revenue resulting from the variance between actual 
traffic and the amount of traffic specified in the Royal Decree until the end of the concession will be added to 
or subtracted from the investments made in the compensation account created to restore the economic and 
financial balance that was altered by the obligations assumed by Acesa. The adjusted amount in this 
compensation account will be received by the concession operator at the end of the concession, once the term 
of the concession has expired, if the economic and financial balance has not been restored. 
The grantor thus secured the undertaking of the concession operator to carry out extension work not included 
in the concession arrangement, to waive any indemnity that it might be entitled to receive as a result of parallel 
roads and to give certain rebates and discounts. The grantor is not, however, required to make any payment 
for the projects and waivers, although it is required to assume a risk relating to the possibility that traffic might 
not exceed certain thresholds. 
On 29 June 2015, a written request was submitted to the Spanish Cabinet through the Regional Government 
Office for toll road concession operators in Spain asking that it exercise its powers of interpretation regarding 
Acesa's concession arrangement, with respect to the correct understanding of the compensation clause 
included in the Acesa Agreement approved by Royal Decree 457/2006. In connection with this, on 30 
September 2015, Acesa filed an appeal for judicial review at the Supreme Court against the dismissal of the 
request submitted to the Spanish Cabinet due to administrative silence in relation to the query that had been 
filed. On 3 July 2017, the Spanish Cabinet announced that it had adopted a decision against the interpretation 
of the Acesa Agreement by Acesa. In response to this, Acesa requested the Supreme Court to extend the appeal 
to the content of the express decision issued by the Spanish Cabinet, which was accepted by the Supreme 
Court, giving rise to the reopening of the initial submissions proceeding at the Court. The date for the vote and 
ruling on this appeal was set for 6 February 2019 and on 6 June 2019 such ruling was communicated to the 
Spanish Issuer. The ruling considers that, until the concession expires, and the definitive settlement of the 
compensation balance is carried out in accordance with the Acesa Agreement, the Supreme Court should not 
rule on the merits of the interpretation of the agreement. As a result, the issue (which is economically 
materialised in the amount of the compensation balance regulated in the Acesa Agreement) was postponed to 
the end of the concession on 31 August 2021.  
Following the expiration of the Acesa concession on 31 August 2021, Acesa sent to the grantor the final 
compensation request on 29 September 2021. Subsequently, a Council of Ministers' Resolution of 18 February 
2022 determined a compensation amount of €1,070 million payable to Acesa. This compensation is only 
related to the investments made by Acesa. This amount was received on 25 February 2022. 
Acesa and the Spanish Government continue to disagree on the interpretation of other terms and conditions of 
the Acesa Agreement by which Acesa assumed certain investment obligations and waivers of rights in 
consideration of the transfer of the traffic risk under the AP-7 concession contract to the State.

--- Page 286 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 279 - 
66-41088013 
 
Despite the clear terms and conditions of the Acesa Agreement, on the resolution of 18 February 2022, the 
Government acted consistently with a previous resolution of 2017 and decided to not accept the liability for 
the State resulting from the traffic risk-transfer included in the Agreement. As a result, the Council of Ministers 
excluded from the calculation of the compensation amount payable to Acesa an amount of €4,303 million after 
tax, due to the negative traffic evolution, which has been below the traffic agreed in the Agreement. While the 
Government has recognized the right of the company to be indemnified by the negative impact caused by the 
widening of certain roads parallel to the AP-7, it has considered no impact therefrom.  
Since Acesa disagrees with this calculation of the compensation amounts (both in respect of the compensation 
for the investments made and in relation to the traffic guarantee), on 25 March 2022 Acesa filed a judicial 
appeal against the Government's resolution of 18 February 2022. The appeal was responded to by the 
Government on 27 September 2022 and the ruling on this appeal took place on 9 January 2024. The ruling 
dismissed most of Acesa’s claims, including the one related to traffic guarantee, and only recognised €33 
million of capex that has to be incorporated to the compensation formula. On 26 February 2024, the Supreme 
Court resolved the request submitted by Acesa (now Abertis Autopistas España) to supplement the ruling to 
include the corresponding legal interest, which will accrue from 1 March 2022 until the date on which the 
recognised amount of capex is effectively paid. At the end of December 2024, Abertis Autopistas España 
received payment of €92.4 million from the Government following the Council of Ministers’ decision on 17 
December 2024 to comply with the Supreme Court’s ruling. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Royal Decree 457/2006 (Acesa), see Note 11 of the 
Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
Investments in Irasa and Alazor 
With regard to Alazor Inversiones, S.A. (an entity in the process of liquidation, "Alazor"), a lawsuit is ongoing 
in connection with the obligations that are claimed under the financial support agreement entered into by the 
Group's companies Iberpistas and Acesa with the creditor banks of Alazor, for which the Group originally 
recorded provisions amounting to €228 million, corresponding to the proportion of the loan's nominal amount 
with the related interest and court costs. 
On 22 January 2019, a claim was filed by five funds that alleged to be the current creditors of part of the bank 
debt of Alazor for the payment of €223.5 million related to eventual guarantees given under the 
aforementioned financial support agreement. Also, on 3 June 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory 
proceedings was lodged by the same agent bank of the syndicate of the current creditor banks of Alazor and 
Accesos De Madrid Concesionaria Española, S.A. ("Accesos"), claiming from Alazor's shareholders and its 
guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the aforementioned agreement to provide 
financial support (€175.6 million relating to the guarantee they attribute to the Group companies).  
On 4 November 2021, the Court of First Instance of Madrid, in consideration of the dispute, issued a judgment 
by which Iberpistas and Acesa (in its capacity as guarantor of Iberpistas for 50% of the amount), were ordered 
to pay to Haitong Bank Sucursal in Spain, in its capacity as agent of the syndicate of financing entities of 
Alazor, an amount of €175.6 million plus interest and costs of proceedings ("First Instance Ruling"). 
Iberpistas and Acesa appealed the First Instance Ruling and the funds have not requested its provisional 
enforcement. 
On 22 February 2022, the Ministry of Infrastructure of the Spanish Government (the "Grantor") paid (as 
previously communicated on 30 December 2021) an amount of €132 million (€119 million, plus interest), to 
the concessionaire of the R-3/R-5 toll-roads in compliance with the Public Administration obligation to 
indemnify the concessionaire Accesos as a result of the early termination of the concession agreement 
(Responsabilidad Patrimonial de la Administración or "RPA"). However, this amount of RPA already 
recognised and paid by the Grantor to Accesos will be increased following a Supreme Court judgement issued 
on 28 January 2022, considering that such ruling rectifies the calculation method of the RPA used by the 
Grantor concerning works and land acquisitions made for the construction of R-3/R-5 toll-roads.  
Considering that the right of the concessionaire to this amount of RPA is pledged in favour of the financial 
creditors of Alazor/Accesos mentioned above, the financial creditors have received partial repayment of their 
claims against Alazor’s shareholders.  
During the first quarter of 2023, Iberpistas and Acesa reached a settlement agreement with the creditor funds 
that determined the end of the aforementioned legal proceedings without economic impact for the Group.

--- Page 287 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 280 - 
66-41088013 
 
On 27 December 2023, the Grantor issued a complementary resolution on the RPA amounting to €450.7 
million, plus interest, which was to be paid within two months from that date. The final resolution on the RPA 
is expected to be issued by the Grantor in the first half of 2024. As a result of the recalculation and payments 
of the RPA to Accesos de Madrid and its creditors which have been taking place through the first quarter of 
2024, it has been confirmed that the risk of exposure for the Group has completely disappeared. 
With regard to the ownership interest held in Infraestructuras y Radiales, S.A. ("Irasa"), of which Iberpistas 
and Avasa are shareholders, on 2 October 2019 an action in ordinary declaratory proceedings was lodged by 
five funds that claim to be current creditors of a portion of the bank debt of Irasa, claiming from Irasa's 
shareholders and its guarantors certain financial contribution obligations arising from the aforementioned 
agreement to provide financial support (specifically, €141.4 million relating to the guarantee they attribute to 
the Group companies). On 14 July 2022, the Court of First Instance of Madrid issued a ruling in favour of 
Iberpistas, Avasa and the other shareholders of Irasa in connection with the claims of the creditors. The 
claimants appealed this ruling and on 9 January 2024, the Court of Appeal of Madrid (Audiencia Provincial 
de Madrid) notified its ruling with the confirmation of the decision of the Court of First Instance. On 6 
February 2024, the claimants filed a cassation appeal before the Supreme Court against the judgment issued 
by the Court of Appeal of Madrid. On 25 March 2024, the sponsors filed the corresponding writ of opposition 
to the appeal. The cassation appeal is pending resolution before the Supreme Court. 
Given the provisions made in previous years, the resolution of the liquidation process and the aforementioned 
claims is not expected to have a material impact on the Group's financial position. 
For more information on the proceedings related to Irasa and Alazor, see Note 8 of the Spanish Issuer 2024 
Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
Amendments to the concession agreements of Ausol and GCO  
On 14 September 2022, the Argentinian Government issued a Decree by which it instructed the National 
Highway Administration of Argentina (Dirección Nacional de Vialidad de Argentina, the "DNV") to initiate 
court proceedings for alleged damage to the National State caused by the approval of the amendments to the 
concession agreements of Ausol and GCO signed in July 2018 (the "Agreements" and each an "Agreement"). 
The objective of the judicial action is the declaration of nullity of the Agreements. In October 2022, the 
Argentinian Government filed the claims against Ausol and GCO to obtain the nullity of the Agreements and 
they were accompanied by a request to take control of the administration of the companies as an interim 
measure.  
On 23 and 24 October 2022, Ausol and GCO, respectively, requested the initiation of an arbitration procedure 
at the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC"), the jurisdiction provided for in the Agreements. The 
lawsuits seek an ICC award on the validity of the Agreements and claim for the payment of the amounts owed 
under the Agreements for unamortised net investment and interest until 31 December 2022, sums amounting 
to $275.8 million for Ausol and $100.8 million for GCO. Nonetheless, the Argentinian Government has 
rejected this jurisdiction. On 29 and 30 October 2022, each Ausol and GCO obtained a resolution from an 
emergency arbitrator appointed by the ICC, in accordance with the dispute resolution mechanism of the 
Agreements, ordering the Argentinian State and any of its dependent bodies or agencies to immediately stop 
and withdraw the court proceedings announced. The resolutions from the emergency arbitrators have been 
disregarded by the Argentinian Government.   
On 10 November 2022, Ausol was notified of the judgement handed down by the National Court for Federal 
Contentious Administrative Proceedings No. 6. The court’s resolution did not grant the interim measure 
requested by the DNV, having issued alternative measures such as (i) the appointment of an observer in the 
company to supervise, inspect and audit the Agreements and the activities of Ausol; (ii) the suspension of the 
compensation mechanism for the recovery of the $499 million provided for in the Agreement; and (iii) the 
prohibition of any dividends distribution and any variation of the current shareholding base and composition 
in Ausol, until a final judgement takes place. These interim measures do not suspend the validity of Ausol’s 
Agreement. Ausol retains the management of the company (the observer will not have veto rights) and its 
Board of Directors remains in place and fully functional. Furthermore, on 4 July 2023, Ausol was notified of 
another interim measure granted by the court ordering the suspension of the ICC arbitration. Ausol filed an 
appeal requesting the revocation of the abovementioned interim measures. 
On 6 December 2022, the Court for Federal Contentious Administrative Proceedings No. 8 recognised, in 
connection with the court proceeding against GCO, that (i) for the time being, the circumstances were not

--- Page 288 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 281 - 
66-41088013 
 
right to grant the interim measure requested by the DNV; (ii) the existence of the procedure at ICC that had 
been initiated prior to the commencement of the procedure at the court; and (iii) the existence and the validity 
of the arbitration clause contained in the Agreement. 
On 14 December 2022, the DNV filed an appeal requesting for the refusal of the interim measures. 
On 1 March 2023, the DNV’s lawsuit was notified to AUSOL, and on 22 March 2023, AUSOL filed its 
response to the lawsuit. 
On 1 June 2023, the Court of Appeal resolved to remove the judge who had previously dismissed the DNV’s 
request to take control of the administration of GCO as an interim measure and appointed a new judge. GCO 
appealed the decision to remove the judge before the Supreme Court.  
On 31 August 2023, GCO filed its statement of claim, and the Argentinian Government filed its response on 
30 November 2023. On 7 May 2024, GCO filed its statement of replica, and, in turn, the Argentinian 
Government filed its rejoinder on 15 July 2024. 
On 20 September 2024, the Court of Federal Contentious Administrative Proceedings No. 7 (the court 
appointed following the removal of the previous one) granted a precautionary measure requested by the DNV, 
ordering the suspension of the effects of the Arbitration Clause in GCO’s concession agreement, and 
instructing GCO to refrain from continuing with the arbitration proceedings before the ICC. Consequently, 
GCO's ICC arbitration process is currently suspended. Furthermore, on 31 October 2024, GCO was notified 
of a second precautionary measure issued by the court, which ordered: (i) the appointment of an observer in 
the company (without veto rights) to supervise, inspect, and audit the Agreement and the activities of GCO;(ii) 
the suspension of the compensation mechanism established for recovering the amount of $247 million as 
stipulated in the Agreement; and (iii) the prohibition of the distribution of dividends and the variation of the 
current shareholding base and composition in GCO, until a final judgement takes place. 
On 23 October 2024, GCO was served with the DNV’s claim, to which it responded on 6 November 2024. 
Notwithstanding the above, on 14 November 2022 the Spanish Issuer sent a letter to the Argentinian 
Government notifying that it reserves its right to bring a claim before the International Centre for Settlement 
of Investment Disputes (ICSID/CIADI) if a negotiated solution to these disputes with Ausol and GCO is not 
reached within six months. Unable to reach an agreement with the Argentinian Government within that period, 
the Spanish Issuer submitted a request for arbitration before the ICSID/CIADI on 9 August 2023 which was 
registered on 29 August 2023. The Spanish Issuer and the Argentinian Government appointed the arbitrators, 
and the Arbitral Tribunal was incorporated on 27 November 2023. On 9 April 2024, the Spanish Issuer filed 
its statement of claim according to the procedural calendar for the arbitration, claiming compensation 
amounting to $299.5 million as of 31 December 2023, which will be recalculated during the arbitration and as 
of the date of the award. On 24 May 2024, the Argentinian Government filed a request for bifurcation of the 
arbitration, which was rejected by the Arbitral Tribunal on 2 July 2024. The Argentinian Government’s 
statement of defence was submitted on 31 October 2024. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Abertis is 
working on the Reply Memorial, which must be submitted on 23 April 2025. 
Tax proceedings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and where the relevant jurisdiction's statute of limitations period has not 
expired, the Group companies all have applicable taxes open for review by the tax authorities. 
In particular, as the tax group parent in Spain, the Spanish Issuer received (i) in December 2020, tax 
assessments for corporate income tax for 2014 to 2016 and Value Added Tax ("VAT") for June 2014 to 
December 2016; and (ii) in October 2017, tax assessments for corporate income tax for 2010 to 2013, personal 
income tax withholdings for 2012 and 2013 and VAT for July 2011 to December 2013. These tax assessments 
were appealed, although they have not had a significant impact on equity. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the tax group has received favourable resolutions regarding personal income tax withholdings for 
2012 and 2013 and VAT for July 2011 to December 2013. In relation to the rest of the tax assessments, no final 
judicial decision thereon has been handed down. 
Employees 
The average number of employees of the Group from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 was 12,009.

--- Page 289 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 282 - 
66-41088013 
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
The KPIs used by the Spanish Issuer in this Base Prospectus constitute Alternative Performance Measures 
("APMs") as defined in the ESMA Guidelines of 5 October 2015. The Spanish Issuer considers that these 
metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to 
better understand the underlying business, the financial position and the results of operations of the Group. 
Such APMs are not audited and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance with, the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS-EU"). Accordingly, they should not 
be considered substitutes to the information contained in the Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated Annual 
Accounts and the Spanish Issuer 2023 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts nor to any performance 
measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Spanish Issuer, may not be comparable to other similar titled 
measures used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as substitutes to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Spanish Issuer's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as 
a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the Spanish Issuer 2024 Audited Consolidated Annual 
Accounts and the Spanish Issuer 2023 Audited Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
The Spanish Issuer considers that the APMs contained in this Base Prospectus comply with the ESMA 
Guidelines. 
The definitions and reconciliations of the APMs used as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and for years then 
ended are as follows (all figures, except percentages, in thousands of euros): 
(i) 
Revenues 
Revenues corresponds to the "Operating income" line item of the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2023 
 
2024 
Revenues 
5,532,093 
6,072,301
 
(ii) 
Opex  
Opex corresponds to the "Operating expenses" line item of the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2023 
2024 
Opex  
(3,712,005) 
(5,428,277)
 
(iii) 
EBIT – Profit (loss) from operations 
EBIT corresponds to the "Profit (loss) from operations" line item of the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss of the consolidated annual accounts. 
2023 
2024 
EBIT – Profit (loss) from operations 
1,903,724 
696,306
 
(iv) 
EBITDA 
EBITDA or Gross Operating Profit is defined as EBIT adjusted by the following line items of the 
consolidated annual accounts: "Depreciation and amortisation charge", "Changes in impairment

--- Page 290 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 283 - 
66-41088013 
 
losses on non-current assets", "Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets" and "Capitalised 
borrowing costs". 
The Group considers EBITDA as an operational indicator that measures the cash generation capacity 
of its assets, while it is an indicator widely used by analysts, investors, credit rating agencies and other 
stakeholders. 
2023 
 
2024 
EBIT – Profit (Loss) from operations 
 
1,903,724
696,306
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
 
2,267,904
2,474,393
+/- Changes in impairment losses on non-current assets 
         (464,361)
1,164,950
+/- Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets 
 
262,138
0
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
 
(76,092)
(43,564)
EBITDA 
 
3,893,313
4,292,085
 
2021 
 
2022 
EBIT – Profit (Loss) from operations 
 
278,845
1,337,622
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
 
2,391,865
2,226,840
+/- Changes in impairment losses on non-current assets 
             702,614                  38,216
+/- Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets 
 
7,119
0
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
           (29,188)
             (66,444)
EBITDA 
 
3,351,255
3,536,234
 
2019 
 
2020 
EBIT – Profit (Loss) from operations 
 
1,051,838
(43,460)
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
 
2,704,720
2,426,384
+/- Changes in impairment losses on non-current assets 
                   299                261,552
+/- Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets 
 
N/A
N/A
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
            (20,336)
            (16,186)
EBITDA 
 
3,736,521
2,628,290
 
2018 
EBIT – Profit (Loss) from operations 
 
2,193,252
+ Depreciation and amortisation charge 
 
1,377,321
+/- Changes in impairment losses on non-current assets 
                (589)

--- Page 291 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 284 - 
66-41088013 
 
2018 
+/- Valuation adjustment on concession financial assets 
 
N/A
- Capitalised borrowing costs 
            (21,013)
EBITDA 
 
3,548,971
 
(v) 
EBITDA – margin 
EBITDA margin is a relative indicator used by the Group to analyse the operating performance of its 
assets, representing the relative weight of EBITDA on revenues. 
2023 
2024 
EBITDA – Gross operating profit 
 
3,893,313 
4,292,085
Revenue (Operating income) 
 
5,532,093 
6,072,301
EBITDA margin 
70.38% 
70.68%
 
(vi) 
EBITDA contribution  
"EBITDA Contribution" is the percentage reflecting the proportion of the EBITDA contributed by 
each business against that of the whole Group. 
 
2023 
 
2024 
France 
 
36%
 
34%
Spain 
 
12%
 
12%
Brazil 
 
12%
 
12%
Mexico 
 
15%
 
14%
Chile 
 
12%
 
11%
Italy 
 
7%
 
6%
Puerto Rico 
 
4%
 
7%
United States 
 
2%
 
3%
Argentina 
 
0%
 
1%
International operations 
 
1%
 
1%
Holding 
 
-1%
 
-1%
 
(vii) 
Adjusted Constant EBITDA 
"Adjusted Constant EBITDA" is defined as the EBITDA of the relevant year adjusted to take into 
account a constant perimeter of the Group, such perimeter being the toll road operations of the 
Guarantor (including Abertis Mobility Services) and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the year ended 
2018, measured at the exchange rate prevailing at 31 December 2024, (i) excluding the EBITDA of 
any subsidiary which has ceased to form part of the Group since 31 December 2018, and (ii) including 
the EBITDA of any subsidiary which has become part of the Group after 31 December 2018 and in 
respect of which the Group has financial information since 31 December 2018, permitting it to 
calculate such EBITDA applying the Group's accounting methodology.

--- Page 292 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 285 - 
66-41088013 
 
2023 
 
2024 
EBITDA 
 
3,893,313
4,292,085
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have ceased to form part of 
the Group since 31 December 2018 
 
(206,416)(1)
(335,665)(2)
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have become part of the 
Group after 31 December 2018 and in respect of which the 
Group has financial information since 31 December 2018 
 
0
0
FX Impact(3)  
 
(104,772)
0
Adjusted Constant EBITDA 
 
3,686,895
3,956,420
Note: 
(1) 
Total EBITDA of USA (ERC+SH288) (€70,206 thousand) and India (€31,438 thousand). 
(2) 
Total EBITDA of USA (ERC+SH288) (€128,717 thousand), Camino Internacional Ruta 60 (€47,044 thousand),
Puerto Rico (Yunque) (€126,676 thousand) and India (€33,228 thousand). 
(3) 
Measured at the exchange rate prevailing at 31 December 2024.  
 
2021 
 
2022 
EBITDA 
 
3,351,255
3,536,234
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have ceased to form part of 
the Group since 31 December 2018 
 
(484,244)(1)
(104,409)(2)
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have become part of the 
Group after 31 December 2018 and in respect of which the 
Group has financial information since 31 December 2018 
 
796(3)
2,530(4)
FX Impact(5) 
 
47,709
(63,470)
Adjusted Constant EBITDA 
 
2,915,516
3,370,885
 Note: 
(1) 
Total EBITDA of Acesa, Invicat and Aumar (€349,231 thousand), Sol and Elqui (€67,652 thousand), USA
(ERC+SH288) (€45,679 thousand) and India (€21,682 thousand). 
(2) 
Total EBITDA of Acesa, Invicat and Aumar (€5,616 thousand), Sol and Elqui (€17,589 thousand), USA
(ERC+SH288) (€55,345 thousand) and India (€25,859 thousand). 
(3) 
Total EBITDA of Centrovias and Vianorte (€359 thousand) and SAT & Others India (€437 thousand). 
(4) 
Total EBITDA of Centrovias and Vianorte (€2,512 thousand) and SAT & Others India (€18 thousand). 
(5) 
Measured at the exchange rate prevailing at 31 December 2024.  
 
2019 
 
2020 
EBITDA 
 
3,736,521
2,628,290
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have ceased to form part of 
the Group since 31 December 2018 
 
(1,005,805)(1)
(512,895)(2)

--- Page 293 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 286 - 
66-41088013 
 
2019 
 
2020 
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have become part of the 
Group after 31 December 2018 and in respect of which the 
Group has financial information since 31 December 2018 
 
348,253(3)
306,535(4)
FX Impact(5) 
 
(207,708)
(222,435)
Adjusted Constant EBITDA 
 
2,871,261
2,199,496
 Note: 
(1) 
Total EBITDA of Acesa, Invicat and Aumar (€870,567 thousand), Sol and Elqui (€62,878 thousand), Centrovias
and Vianorte (€52,363 thousand), India (€19,958 thousand) and SAT & Others India (€39 thousand). 
(2) 
Total EBITDA of Acesa, Invicat and Aumar (€437,105 thousand), Sol and Elqui (€44,875 thousand), Centrovias
and Vianorte (€14,684 thousand), India (€16,115 thousand) and SAT & Others India (€116 thousand). 
(3) 
EBITDA of Mexico. 
(4) 
Total EBITDA of Mexico (€299,913 thousand) and USA (ERC+SH288) (€6,622 thousand). 
(5) 
Measured at the exchange rate prevailing at 31 December 2024. 
 
 
2018 
EBITDA 
 
3,548,971
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have ceased to form part of 
the Group since 31 December 2018 
 
(951,332)(1)
EBITDA of subsidiaries which have become part of the 
Group after 31 December 2018 and in respect of which the 
Group has financial information since 31 December 2018 
 
330,563(2)
FX Impact(3) 
 
(297,229)
Adjusted Constant EBITDA 
 
2,630,974
 Note: 
(1) 
Total EBITDA of Acesa, Invicat and Aumar (€815,624 thousand), Sol and Elqui (€60,654 thousand), Centrovias 
and Vianorte (€57,115 thousand), India (€17,875 thousand) and SAT & Others India (€64 thousand). 
(2) 
EBITDA of Mexico. 
(3) 
Measured at the exchange rate prevailing at 31 December 2024. 
 
For the purposes of the above calculations, the following prevailing exchange rates have been used 
in respect of the conversion of the relevant currency into euros:  
Currency 
2024 
Chilean Peso (CLP) 
1,021 
Mexican Peso (MXN) 
19.8 
Brazilian Real (BRL) 
5.8 
United States Dollar (USD) 
1.1 
Indian Rupee (INR) 
90.6

--- Page 294 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 287 - 
66-41088013 
 
Currency 
2024 
Argentine Peso (ARS) 
1,071 
 
(viii) 
Gross debt 
"Gross debt" is defined as the non-current and current "Bank loans" and "Bond issues and other 
loans" line items as shown in Note 14 to the Spanish Issuer's consolidated annual accounts. 
2023 
 
2024 
Bank loans 
9,088,351 
6,184,994
Bond issues and other loans 
21,038,259 
20,208,282
Gross debt 
30,126,610 
26,393,276
 
(ix) 
Net debt 
"Net debt" is defined as "Gross Debt" less the "Cash and cash equivalents" line item in the 
consolidated annual accounts. 
2023 
 
2024 
Gross Debt 
30,126,610
 
26,393,276
Cash and cash equivalents 
(4,251,163)
 
(3,808,498)
Net debt 
25,875,447
 
22,584,778
 
2021 
 
2022 
Gross Debt 
27,257,366
 
25,894,299
Cash and cash equivalents 
(3,907,824)
 
(4,085,009)
Net debt 
23,349,542
 
21,809,290
 
2019 
 
2020 
Gross Debt 
25,608,173
 
28,347,602
Cash and cash equivalents 
(2,644,889)
 
(3,102,175)
Net debt 
22,963,284
 
25,245,427
 
2018 
Gross Debt 
16,012,130
Cash and cash equivalents 
(2,737,070)
Net debt 
13,275,060
 
The Group uses the "Net debt" as a measure of its solvency and liquidity as it indicates the current 
cash and equivalents in relation to its total debt liabilities. "Net debt" and "EBITDA" derived

--- Page 295 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 288 - 
66-41088013 
 
measures are frequently used by analysts, investors and rating agencies as an indication of financial 
leverage. 
(x) 
Net debt/EBITDA 
"Net debt/EBITDA" is defined as the quotient of Net debt and EBITDA. 
2023 
 
2024 
Net debt 
25,875,447
 
22,584,778
divided by  
 
EBITDA 
3,893,313
 
4,292,085
Net debt/EBITDA 
6.6x
 
5.3x
 
2021 
 
2022 
Net debt 
23,349,542
 
21,809,290
divided by  
 
EBITDA 
3,351,255
 
3,536,234
Net debt/EBITDA 
7.0x
 
6.2x
 
2019 
 
2020 
Net debt 
22,963,284
 
25,245,427
divided by  
 
EBITDA 
3,736,521
 
2,628,290
Net debt/EBITDA 
6.1x
 
9.6x
 
2018 
Net debt 
13,275,060
divided by  
EBITDA 
3,548,971
Net debt/EBITDA 
3.7x

--- Page 296 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 289 - 
66-41088013 
 
(xi) 
Capex 
Relates to the "Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and other concession 
infrastructure" line item in the consolidated annual accounts of net cash flows from investing 
activities of the consolidated annual accounts. 
Note: 
(1) 
Including Puerto Rico Toll Roads acquisition of €2,663 million.  
 
The Spanish Issuer considers this an important indicator because it represents the ability of the Group 
to expand its portfolio through the discretionary use of cash in investments for the improvements of 
the highway network for agreed returns in the case of the road assets and measuring how effectively 
the Group is redeploying resources to build a perpetual business model as it contributes for EBITDA 
replacement and the increase of the duration its portfolio. 
(xii) 
Discretionary cash flow 
"Discretionary cash flow" is defined as EBITDA plus/minus finance income and costs, minus 
income tax expense and plus/minus cash adjustments to: (i) finance income and expenses, (ii) income 
tax, (iii) IFRIC12 and other provisions, (iv) concession arrangements - financial asset model, and (v) 
dividends received from financial investments, associates and joint ventures. 
The Group believes that the Discretionary cash flow is one of the most important indicators of its 
capacity to generate an available stream of resources from the operations, net from the mandatory 
uses of cash for taxes and interest expenses, to be used mainly and according to the Group strategy to 
repay debt, distribute dividends and expand its portfolio. 
The reconciliation of this APM with the Group's consolidated annual accounts is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
Note 
 
2023 
 
2024 
EBITDA ....................................................................  
 
3,893,313  4,292,085
Finance income ..........................................................  
 
948,904  
874,072
Finance costs .............................................................  
 
(2,017,121)  (1,905,984)
Income tax .................................................................  
 
(193,940)  
(2,929)
Adjustments: ..............................................................  
 
 
(i) Finance income and expenses  ...............................  
 
 
Exchange gains ..........................................................  
20 
(444,955)  
(210,522)
Exchange losses .........................................................  
20 
425,659  
240,706
Impairment loss allowance and allowance for 
financial impact of changes in financial assets under 
IFRIC 12 ...................................................................  
20 
93,023
 
(4,045)
Provision for loss of value of financial compensation 
under Royal Decree 457/2006 ....................................  
 
107,180
 
0
Provision for loss of value of compensation under 
Section B of Annex 3 of Royal Decree 457/2006 ........  
 
78,831
 
0
2023 
 
2024 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
other concession infrastructure 
(3,558,910)(1) 
(719,372)

--- Page 297 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 290 - 
66-41088013 
 
 
 
Note 
 
2023 
 
2024 
Impairment (expected credit losses) ............................  
20 
7,622  
47,039
(ii) Income tax ...........................................................  
 
 
Deferred tax assets-amount charged/(credited) to 
profit or loss...............................................................  
17 
(136,023)
 
(122,013)
Deferred tax liabilities-amount charged/(credited) to 
profit or loss...............................................................  
17 
(287,692)
 
(544,078)
Deferred tax ...............................................................  
 
(423,715)  
(666,091)
(iii) IFRIC 12 and other provisions .............................  
 
 
Accrual of provisions for infrastructure maintenance 
and restoration obligations..........................................  
18 
162,884
 
164,645
Interest cost ...............................................................  
18 
42,387  
56,137
Use of provisions for infrastructure maintenance and 
restoration obligations charged to profit or loss ...........  
18 
(282,814)
 
 
(324,429)
Provisions required under IFRIC 12 (non-current and 
current) ......................................................................  
 
(77,543)
 
(103,647)
Period provisions (reversals) ......................................  
18 
(81,449)  
(15,683)
Interest cost ...............................................................  
18 
2,335  
3,140
Amounts taken to profit or loss...................................  
18 
(85,645)  
(11,158)
Other provisions (non-current and current) .................  
 
(164,759)  
(23,701)
(iv) Concession arrangements – financial asset model .  
 
 
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
due to economic compensation ...................................  
11 
(28,863)
 
(17,893)
Charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
due to financial compensation (with Section B of 
Schedule 3 of Royal Decree 457/2006) .......................  
11 
(52,790)
 
(96,380)
Amounts taken to profit or loss...................................  
11 
83,989
 
 
142,773
Concession arrangements – financial asset model .......  
 
2,336  
28,500
(v) Dividends received from financial investments, 
associates and joint ventures .......................................  
 
15,180
 
 
1,916
Discretionary cash flow ............................................  
 
2,250,015  2,567,399

--- Page 298 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 291 - 
66-41088013 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
THE KINGDOM OF SPAIN 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, as applicable) after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does not consider every aspect of 
taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to 
special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and 
Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to 
Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be 
attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each 
transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who 
can provide them with personalised advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should 
consider the legislative changes which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force 
at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the 
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
of 27 July establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other 
debt instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident in the European Union 
and other tax rules, as amended; 
(ii) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income 
Tax") tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial 
amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth 
Tax Law (the "Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, 
of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax, Law 29/1987, of 18 
December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of 
temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary 
solidarity tax on large fortunes; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax 
("Corporate Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on 
Corporate Income Tax and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(iv) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-
resident income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 
5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Law ("Non-Resident Income Tax Law") and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 
promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 
on Wealth Tax, Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022,

--- Page 299 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 292 - 
66-41088013 
 
for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and 
introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes. 
(v) 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a 
"Beneficial Owner"), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect 
taxes in Spain, for example exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992 regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Personal Income Tax on a worldwide basis. 
Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that 
are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or 
guarantee payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident 
in Spain. 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third 
parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and 
therefore must be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from 
time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000, 21 per cent. for 
taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 
and €200,000, 27 per cent for taxable income between €200,000.01 and €300,000 and 30 per cent for 
taxable income in excess of €300,000.  
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 
per cent. However, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, in the case of 
listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and 
settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD 
member state (such as the Notes issued by each of the Spanish Issuer and the Dutch Issuer), the 
Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) will make interest payments to 
individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that the 
relevant information about the Notes (as described below in "—Reporting Obligations") is submitted 
by the relevant Paying Agent; and it would not be necessary to provide the Spanish Issuer (or as the 
case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) with the identity of the holders who are individuals resident 
in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals.  
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as 
applicable) with the required information described under "Reporting obligations", the Spanish Issuer 
(or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) may be required to withhold tax (as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes 
as to which the required information has not been provided. In that event, the Spanish Issuer (or as 
the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) will pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are resident 
for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory if the Notes do not 
comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish General 
Directorate of Taxes (Dirección General de Tributos) (the "DGT") dated 27 July 2004 (that is, 
placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the 
Notes on an organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year.

--- Page 300 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 293 - 
66-41088013 
 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their 
net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of 
the Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although the final effective tax rates may vary depending on any applicable 
regional tax laws and any reductions that may apply. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Solidarity Tax was approved in December 2022 for a period of two-
year and extended indefinitely, with effect from fiscal year 2024, by virtue of Royal Decree-law 
8/2023 of December 27. It is a direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain 
conditions, to those residents in an Autonomous Region were the Wealth Tax is partially or fully 
exempt. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for Wealth Tax. 
The rates of the Solidarity Tax are the following: 
Taxable base 
up to (EUR) 
Tax due (EUR) 
Rest of taxable base 
(EUR) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
 
Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00 which means that its 
effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater than €3.7 
million. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous net wealth 
or family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final effective tax rate that 
range, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes, which constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to 
third parties of own capital, are subject to Corporate Income Tax and would have to be included in 
profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax 
purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax and subject to the general rate of 25 
per cent.  
Notwithstanding the above, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, 
in the case of listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign 
clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another 
OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by each of the Spanish Issuer and the Dutch Issuer), 
there is no obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which, for the sake

--- Page 301 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 294 - 
66-41088013 
 
of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). 
Consequently, the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) will not 
withhold on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant information about 
the Notes (as described below in "Reporting obligations") is submitted by the relevant Paying Agent. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as 
applicable) with the required information described under "Reporting obligations", the Spanish Issuer 
(or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) may be required to withhold tax (as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes 
as to which the required information has not been provided.  
In addition, pursuant to Section 61.s of the Corporate Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to make 
a withholding on income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from 
financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held 
by a Spanish entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, 
payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the 
current rate of 19 per cent. if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in 
the ruling issued by the Spanish DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside of 
Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an 
OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant 
investors against its final CIT liability. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax nor to Solidarity Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
(a) 
Non Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(i) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(ii) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically, and payments of income deriving from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained by individuals or entities who have 
no tax residency in Spain, and which are Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no 
permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the 
same terms laid down for income from public debt, provided that certain requirements are 
met. 
The Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) has no obligation to 
withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes to holders who are Non-Resident 
Income taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain provided that the information 
procedures are complied with in the manner detailed under "Reporting obligations" as set out 
in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended. If these information procedures are

--- Page 302 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 295 - 
66-41088013 
 
not complied with within the manner indicated the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the 
Guarantor, as applicable) may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to 
which the required information has not been provided.  
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. However, individuals resident in a country with which Spain 
has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to 
such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in 
Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory (such as the Notes issued by the Spanish 
Issuer) exceed €700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although certain reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Notes whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined above do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals may apply the 
rules approved by the autonomous region where their most valuable assets and rights are situated. As 
such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Solidarity Tax was approved in December 2022 for a period of two-
year and extended indefinitely, with effect from fiscal year 2024, by virtue of Royal Decree-law 
8/2023 of December 27. It is a direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain 
conditions, to those non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in 
Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory where the highest value of their assets and 
rights are located, can be exercised or must be fulfilled in an autonomous region were the Wealth Tax 
is partially or fully exempt. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for 
Wealth Tax. 
The rates of the Solidarity Tax are the following: 
Taxable base 
up to (EUR) 
Tax due (EUR) 
Rest of taxable base 
(EUR) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax nor to Solidarity Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law. However, pursuant to recent rulings 
issued by the EU Courts and the Spanish Supreme Court, individuals who are non-resident in Spain

--- Page 303 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 296 - 
66-41088013 
 
for tax purposes may be able to apply the rules corresponding to the relevant Spanish autonomous 
regions. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a 
double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for 
the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents 
(i.e., individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation 
to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before 
the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March each year, the ownership of the Notes 
held on 31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2025 and 
31 March 2025 the Notes held on 31 December 2024). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration 
would only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying 
assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, 
cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared 
if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
6. 
Reporting obligations 
The Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) is currently required by 
Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities in which it reports on certain 
information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, and 
provided that the Notes issued by the Spanish Issuer are initially registered for clearance and 
settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for the purpose of preparing the annual return 
referred to above, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted by the Paying 
Agent to the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) before the close of 
business on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, 
principal or any amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes. 
Such information would be the following: 
(i) 
identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(ii) 
date on which relevant payment is made; 
(iii) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(iv) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement.  
In light of the above, the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable) and the 
Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning 
the Notes. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Spanish Issuer 
(or as the case may be, the Guarantor, as applicable), the Spanish Issuer (or as the case may be, the

--- Page 304 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 297 - 
66-41088013 
 
Guarantor, as applicable) may be required to withhold at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. from any 
payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been provided.  
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
Agency Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures 
described in this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency Agreement. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax (the "Spanish FTT") 
On 16 January 2021, Law 15/2020, of 15 October, on the Spanish financial transactions tax (the "FTT Law") 
entered into force. 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2 per cent. on specific acquisitions of shares of Spanish listed companies, 
regardless of the residence of the agents that intervene in the transactions, provided the market value of the 
capitalisation thereof is greater than €1 billion. The taxpayer will be the financial traders that transfer or 
execute the purchase order and must submit an annual tax return.  
The list of Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of each year 
will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' website before 31 December each year.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Notes will not be subject to this new tax in accordance with the FTT Law. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
Introduction 
The following summary is intended for general information only and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Netherlands tax consequences that could be relevant to holders of Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. This summary is based on Netherlands tax legislation 
and published case law in force as of the date of this document. It does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date, regardless of whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. For the purposes of this summary, “the Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands that is in Europe. 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident 
of the Netherlands, with the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address 
the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Dutch Issuer (such a substantial interest is 
generally present if an equity stake of at least 5 per cent., or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, 
in each case by reference to the Dutch Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of a 
certain class of shares); 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of the Netherlands Income 
Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) deriving profits from 
an enterprise (onderneming) to which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are attributable, or who 
may otherwise be taxed in box 1 with respect to benefits derived from the Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the Dutch Issuer (such a 
participation is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5 per cent. of the Dutch Issuer’s 
nominal paid-up share capital); 
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and an exempt investment 
institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the

--- Page 305 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 298 - 
66-41088013 
 
purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt 
for tax purposes; 
(v) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curaçao 
or Sint Maarten; 
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes and/or the benefits derived from the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes; or 
(vii)  
which is a person to whom the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are attributed on the basis of the 
separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in the Netherlands Income 
Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 
1956 (Successiewet 1956).  
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Dutch Issuer under the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes may be made free of 
withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of art. 10, paragraph 1, 
letter d, of the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).   
However, Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25.8 per cent. may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest 
made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Dutch Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a 
jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the (deemed) 
payment of interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the (deemed) payment of interest with the main purpose 
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation in the hands of another person, or (iv) is a hybrid entity, or (v) 
is not resident in any jurisdiction, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid entity within the meaning of art. 2, paragraph 12 of the 
Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Income tax 
Resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of the 
Netherlands for Netherlands income tax purposes, must record the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes as assets 
that are held in box 3 for the purposes of the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). 
Taxable income with regard to the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes is then determined on the basis of a certain 
deemed return (rendement) on the holder's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar 
year insofar the yield basis exceeds a certain threshold (€57,684 for an individual taxpayer and €115,368 in 
case of a “qualifying partner” (statutory defined term)) (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of 
income actually received or gains actually realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of 
certain qualifying savings and investments held by the holder of the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, less the 
fair market value of certain qualifying debts at the beginning of the calendar year. The deemed return 
(rendement) is determined on separate deemed return percentages for bank savings, other investments and 
liabilities. The fictitious yield percentage applicable to the second category mentioned above (other assets, 
including the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes or Coupons) is 5.88 percent for the calendar year 2025. Subject 
to certain anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed return (rendement) 
divided by the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) and (b) the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) minus the 
threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), forms the individual's taxable income from savings and investments. The 
taxable income from savings and investments so computed is taxed at the prevailing statutory rate of 36%.  
The Dutch Supreme Court has ruled that box 3 taxation as outlined above is in violation of article 1 of the 
First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights (right to property) and of article 14 of the 
European Convention on Human Rights (prohibition of discrimination), where the deemed return is higher 
than the actual nominal return on the assets and liabilities, including unrealised changes in value of such assets 
and liabilities. In these cases, the Dutch Supreme Court has ruled that legal redress should be provided to the 
party concerned. The Dutch legislator has announced to introduce new legislation to take away the violations. 
Holders of Notes that are taxed in box 3 for Dutch individual income tax purposes with respect to their Notes 
are recommended to consult a professional tax advisor.

--- Page 306 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 299 - 
66-41088013 
 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands for Netherlands income tax purposes, will not be subject to such tax in respect of 
benefits derived from the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits 
of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Guaranteed 
Subordinated Notes are attributable. 
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and, for 
Netherlands corporate income tax purposes, a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is 
taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes at rates of up to 25.8 per cent. 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and, for 
Netherlands corporate income tax purposes, neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the 
Netherlands, will not be subject to corporate income tax, unless such holder derives profits from an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands (Nederlandse onderneming), to which the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are attributable, or 
such holder is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes are attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits 
derived from the Guaranteed Subordinated Notes at rates of up to 25.8 per cent. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, 
a holder of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes who is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands gift and inheritance tax purposes. 
Non-resident holders: No Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition (or 
deemed acquisition) of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes who is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands gift and inheritance tax purposes. 
Other taxes 
No Netherlands turnover tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the 
issue of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Guaranteed Subordinated 
Notes or with respect to the delivery of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, no Netherlands 
registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other similar tax or duty) will be payable in 
connection with the issue or acquisition of Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident, of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes by 
reason only of holding Guaranteed Subordinated Notes. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuers 
may be foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdictions 
of the Issuers) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not

--- Page 307 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 300 - 
66-41088013 
 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes—Further Issues", 
"Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes—Further Issues" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 308 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 301 - 
66-41088013 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the relevant Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. 
Morgan S.E., Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank GmbH (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the relevant Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuers and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the relevant Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the relevant Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the relevant Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the 
names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the 
issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those 
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or 
met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes 
may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the relevant Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 309 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 302 - 
66-41088013 
 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or specify that such 
prohibition is "Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes do not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and/or specify that such prohibition is "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors   
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes includes the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such 
prohibition is "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any

--- Page 310 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 303 - 
66-41088013 
 
retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and/or specify that such 
prohibition is "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Pricing Supplement or a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the relevant Issuer or by the Guarantor (if applicable);

--- Page 311 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 304 - 
66-41088013 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable); and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant 
laws and regulations of Japan.   
Kingdom of Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores), accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which 
do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain. 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the 
Spanish Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and the Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 
de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the "Spanish Securities Markets and 
Investment Services Law"), Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November, on the legal regime applicable to 
investment services companies and other entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 
de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades 
que prestan servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time, and related legislation, to 
provide investment services in Spain, and in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets 
and Investment Services Law and further developing legislation.  
Belgium 
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope of 
the Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted 
for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a public offering 
of these Notes in Belgium in accordance with the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Consumers, and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, such Notes to Consumers, and has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such Notes to Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession.

--- Page 312 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 305 - 
66-41088013 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy ("Italy"), except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Consolidated Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time (the "Issuers Regulation"), and applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above 
must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Banking Act"), the Issuers Regulation and 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and 
regulations or requirement which may be imposed from time to time by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB 
or other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any offer or 
resale of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100-bis of the Consolidated Financial Services Act affects 
the transferability of the Notes in Italy to the extent that any placement of the Notes is made solely with 
qualified investors and such Notes are then systematically resold to non-qualified investors on the secondary 
market at any time in the 12 months following such placement. Should this occur without the publication of a 
prospectus and outside of the scope of one of the exemptions referred to above, retail purchasers of Notes may 
have such purchase declared void and claim damages from any intermediary which sold them the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus, any other document relating to the Notes, and the information contained herein are 
intended only for the use of its recipient and, unless in circumstances which are exempted from the rules 
governing offers of securities to the public pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-
ter of the Issuers Regulation, are not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any 
reason. No person resident or located in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on 
it or its contents. 
The Netherlands 
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does 
not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as 
defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the “SCA”)) may only be transferred 
and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA 
and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is required,

--- Page 313 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 306 - 
66-41088013 
 
however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and 
acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and 
trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the 
Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as amended 
("FinSA"), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the 
FinSA; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to either Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent 
document) as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or 
approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to either Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any 
investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 314 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 307 - 
66-41088013 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment and update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Spanish Issuer passed on 26 February 2019 and 13 January 2020 and by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Dutch Issuer passed on 10 May 2024. Each of the Spanish Issuer and 
the Dutch Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing 
2. 
The admission of the Programme to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 1 April 2025. 
3. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of 
Ireland"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA. Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on a stock exchange different from 
Euronext Dublin as the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
4. 
Except as described in "Information on the Group – Litigation and Arbitration", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which either Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Spanish Issuer and its Subsidiaries, or on the on the financial position or profitability of the 
Dutch Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
5. 
Since 31 December 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Spanish 
Issuer or the Dutch Issuer.  
6. 
Since 31 December 2024, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
7. 
The independent auditors of the Spanish Issuer are KPMG Auditores, S.L. (with its registered address 
at Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C, 28046 Madrid, registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid, 
under volume 11,961, page 84, sheet M 188007, holder of tax identification number (NIF) B-
78510153 and registered with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number 
S0702). 
8. 
The independent auditors of the Dutch Issuer are KPMG Accountants N.V. with address at Weena 
650, 3012CN Rotterdam, The Netherlands. KPMG Accountants N.V. has rendered an unqualified 
audit report with respect to the audited financial statements of the Dutch Issuer as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The auditor who signed the auditor’s 
reports on behalf of KPMG Accountants N.V. is a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).

--- Page 315 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 308 - 
66-41088013 
 
Documents on Display 
9. 
Physical copies of the documents listed in limbs (a) to (i) (together with English translations thereof 
where applicable) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and at the website of the Issuers at www.abertis.com for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
(a) 
the articles of association of the Spanish Issuer (as the same may be amended from time to 
time) 
available 
at 
https://abertis.com/media/web_abertis/Estatutos%20Abertis%20Infraestructuras%2C%20S.
A._ENG_20230524160036.pdf; 
(b) 
the articles of association of the Dutch Issuer (as the same may be amended from time to 
time) available at https://www.abertis.com/filemanager/media-resource/download/4007;  
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Spanish Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2024 and 31 December 2023; 
(d) 
the audited financial statements of the Dutch Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2024 
and 31 December 2023; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(g) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(h) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
and 
(i) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreements signed by the Spanish Issuer and the Dutch Issuer respectively.  
In addition, this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will also be available, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, for at least 10 years from 
the date of their publication on the website of the Issuers at https://www.abertis.com/financial-information-
bond-issues/ and the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/p1157%7C24994/documents. 
The "Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" approved by the Spanish Issuer and the Second-Party 
Option issued in respect thereof by Sustainalytics are available on the website of the Spanish Issuer at 
https://www.abertis.com/financial-information-bond-issues/. 
Material Contracts 
10. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuers' business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuers' ability to meet their obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
Clearing of the Notes 
11. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final

--- Page 316 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 309 - 
66-41088013 
 
Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued 
interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which 
may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already 
passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Spanish Issuer is 549300GKFVWI02JQ5332. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Dutch Issuer is 5493007WHKI5H75YJ358.  
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its twelve-month validity period.  
Conflicts of Interest 
16. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuers and their affiliates from time 
to time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time 
to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuers and their affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, 
commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuers or their affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistently with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the term "affiliates" includes parent companies.

--- Page 317 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 310 - 
66-41088013 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUERS 
Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 89, floor 9 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Abertis Infraestructuras Finance B.V. 
Rapenburgerstraat 177 C 
Amsterdam, 1011 VM 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA, Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 
28, 28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower Two, 5th Floor 
Strawinskylaan 1887 
1077 XX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 318 ---
10306360541-v18 
- 311 - 
66-41088013 
 
Natixis 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
as to English and Spanish law: 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid  
Spain 
To the Issuers 
as to Dutch law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers 
 as to English and Spanish law: 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Dealers 
 as to Dutch law: 
Clifford Chance LLP  
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
 
Independent Auditor to the Spanish Issuer:  
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Independent Auditor to the Dutch Issuer:  
KPMG Accountants N.V.  
Weena 650 
3012CN Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
IFSC, 25-28 North Wall Quay,  
Dublin 1, D01 H104 
Ireland